the Supreme Court recently ruled that
three presidential appointments were
made illegally the justices unanimously
agreed that President Obama overstepped
his powers which begs the question what
powers does the executive branch
actually have well let's start with the
general stuff he has the power to veto
or approve bills pardoned people command
our military signed treaties he can
nominate judges and nominate people to
fill any other position whose
appointments are not otherwise provided
for in the Constitution meaning the
president appoints pretty much everybody
but Congress itself Congress does have
the right to prove presidential
appointees but only when they are in
session if Congress is in recess the
president can approve whomever he wants
this is where the court says he
overstepped his powers recently Obama
filled vacancies on the National Labor
Relations Board without the consent of
Congress while Congress was technically
still in session they weren't actually
in session but they also weren't away
long enough for them to be considered in
recess constitutionally speaking
Congress has to be out of session for 10
days for it to be considered officially
in recess it's a weird loophole and it's
not the only weird loophole when you're
talking about presidential powers the
president has the power to prepare the
budget which allows him to set much of
the agenda for the coming year and with
congressional approval his suggested
budget can cut funding to programs that
he doesn't agree with though in the end
it's just a suggested budget Congress is
under no obligation to answer his
request and they usually just ignore it
altogether the president has the power
of executive privilege meaning he can
withhold information from the public in
matters of national security but it has
to actually be a matter of national
security
Clinton tried to use this power during
the Monica Lewinsky scandal the Supreme
Court did not allow it because hooking
up with an intern is not a matter of
national security
after that talking about presidential
powers becomes a little more vague the
president can issue executive orders
these orders only apply to the
operations of the executive branch but
seeing as things like the Defense
Department then assay FBI and pretty
much every other influential agency are
under the executive branch these can be
wide reaching powers executive orders
don't have to be approved by Congress
the
can just make them up and in order to
get them off the books the Supreme Court
has to rule that they are
unconstitutional when people are talking
about presidents potentially abusing
their powers executive orders are
usually what they're referring to during
times of war or national threat we tend
to see more of these executive orders
FDR issued three thousand seven hundred
and twenty eight of them whereas Ronald
Reagan issued only three hundred
eighty-one Barack Obama to date has
issued 100 to 75 still some see Obama's
use of executive orders as an overreach
of his powers his decision to send
troops into Libya without congressional
consent is one good example of an order
that has garnered some criticism the
president can also issue memoranda these
are not as binding his executive orders
but they still have a wide reaching
impact Obama for example issued a
memorandum asking federal agencies to
start getting at least 20% of their
energy from renewable energy sources by
2020 it's not a law but it is a
recommended change and how our
government does things and it does
happen without the consent of Congress
lucky for us the supreme court can
review executive orders in memoranda and
if the president steps outside of the
powers granted him by the Constitution
they can knock him back in line like
they did with the current presidential
appointee snafu if you have anything
that you want us to cover please let us
know in the comments and to see our
video on the terrorist group Boko Haram
and what they're all about please click
now the group was started by Muhammad
Youssef in 2002 with the intention of
creating a true Islamic society under
Sharia law which is the strictest most
literal version of Islam and remember we
put up new episodes five days a week so
please subscribe
