Russian efforts to medal and America's
2018 midterm elections are currently
underway
and some of our highest-ranking
officials like Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo have said the US isn't doing
enough to combat foreign interference in
the midterms we will not tolerate
Russian interference in our 2018
elections much work has been done
there's more to do rest assured that we
will take the appropriate counter
measures in response to continued
Russian efforts and he's right in this
episode we're going to dive into the
various ways that Russian actors are
attempting to interfere in the midterm
elections discuss what the u.s.
government is doing about it and how it
affects you yes you scrolling around on
this feed possibly seen ads or fake
pages that want you to click not us
though we're cool
the interference is happening across at
least three fronts spearfishing
campaigns social media misinformation
and attacks on the physical voting
system itself we'll explain a little bit
about all three first phishing attacks
imagine you get an email you open it the
message appears to be from your bank
requesting that you click through to
change your password you don't really
think twice you click the link to reset
it but uh-oh you just unwittingly gave
your valuable information away a bad
actor has now made off with your banking
credentials this is called spear
phishing and this type of hacking is
being used to interfere with American
politics right now now let's have some
perspective American institutions are no
stranger to falling victim to foreign
government hacking efforts Chinese
government hackers stole the plans to
our most advanced weapon systems
Iran has hacked into banks oil companies
and even a dam in upstate New York
North Korea hacked Sony Pictures and
released thousands of emails after the
release of Seth Rogen's movie about
assassinating Kim jong-un remember that
and of course the DNC and John Podesta's
emails became victims and 2016 after
Podesta who was Hillary Clinton's
campaign chairman fell for a spear
phishing attack he clicked on a
misleading email allowing hackers to
steal over 50 thousand emails in August
of 2018 during the run-up to the midterm
elections leaders at Microsoft said
Russian hackers had registered a number
of fake Microsoft websites this year
aimed at targeting American think tanks
and political campaigns the websites
would have allowed the hackers to send
fraudulent emails to people with the
domain that looked normal Microsoft said
the fake sites were aimed at spear
phishing at least three candidates for
the 2018 midterms while two of the
candidates are so far unknown one of
them has been reported on and it's
pretty revealing for what's to come
because the known victim is a
crapped in a tight Senate race I've
never heard the president United States
say a bad word about Russia Claire
McCaskill an incumbent Missouri Democrat
gearing up for re-election
became the target of a cyber attack
making her the first known targeted
Democratic lawmaker and the Kremlin's
attempts to interfere in 2018
aside from criticizing Putin and his
policies frequently her case is
especially interesting as she is
currently tied with her Republican
opponent in the latest polls so she's a
key candidate for Democrats to at least
retain their current number of seats in
the Senate and she's a key candidate if
Democrats have any hope of retaking a
majority in the Senate
fortunately for McCaskill the hacking
attempt was unsuccessful the alleged
group behind these cyber attacks is an
organization directed by Russia's
military intelligence known as fancy
bear they're reportedly the same group
that went after Clinton staffers in the
2016 election the group's intention is
to weaken those who are critical of
Russia's government by obtaining
evidence that is damaging or perhaps
embarrassing to the politician in
question
thus poking holes in their brand or
integrity and making their attempts to
criticize Russia less effective
McCaskill even doubled down after the
unsuccessful hacking attempt colleen
Putin a thug and a bully but fancy bear
may fancy themselves as nonpartisan they
have gone after conservative think-tanks
in the same way through another phony
Microsoft website that Microsoft was
able to shut down
although these think tanks are
Republican or conservative they have
criticized Putin and pushed for greater
sanctions on Moscow which puts them in
the crosshairs of Kremlin backed hackers
the second front where Russian hackers
are working the 2018 midterms is through
social media misinformation we saw this
play out in 2016 and this year is no
different
we know Russian actors are deploying
misinformation campaigns across social
media to divide Americans by amplifying
controversial issues and propaganda via
paid ads and bucks
here's one example from Twitter Russian
linked BOTS amplified a hashtag called
walk away the hashtag was created to
make it look like former Democrats have
had enough of the party and are now
walking away from it the goal here is to
divide the party and inspire the
electorate to leave the blue side and
vote red Republicans and their
operatives were definitely promoting the
hashtag on their own but they were then
amplified by Russian BOTS to make the
hashtag seem more popular than it
actually was
Twitter isn't the only social platform
where 2018 midterm sentiments are being
manipulated by Russian actors in late
July Facebook announced they removed 32
pages and accounts involved in
coordinated inauthentic behavior some of
the page names were black elevation
mindful beam and resistors the removal
also included some accounts on Instagram
and in late August they announced that
another batch of pages and fake accounts
were removed but there are reports that
Russian operatives are rerouting the
misinformation through other accounts
that have yet to be removed creating
what The Daily Beast describes as a
cat-and-mouse game for the world's
largest social media platform and
finally the third and perhaps the most
alarming front Russian hackers have come
straight for the voting systems
themselves Florida Democratic Senator
Bill Nelson who is up for re-election in
a state that Trump won in 2016 said
Russians have quote penetrated state
voter registration systems what this
means is that hackers could actually
remove people from voter rolls making it
harder for them to vote and with
midterms right around the corner it's
interesting to know which party is
feeling confident Senate Republicans
blocked an effort backed by Democrats to
increase funds on election security
measures the proposed measure would have
given two hundred and fifty million
dollars in grants to States to combat
foreign governments meddling in
America's elections out of the 50
senators in favor and the 47 opposed
only one Republican voted yes
and the proposition needed 60 votes to
pass the only Republican to vote for it
was bob Corker a man who isn't seeking
re-election dan coats the Director of
National Intelligence said of hacking it
is real and it is continuing Mike Pompeo
agrees the threat of our adversaries
trying to muck with our elections is
very real
the Russians clearly did it in the 2016
election meanwhile our president very
publicly accepted Putin's denial that
Russia interfered with the 2016 election
cycle during their now infamous meeting
in Helsinki he then did some
backtracking about those remarks once he
returned stateside any sentence in my
remarks I said the word would instead of
wouldn't but one indication of president
Trump's stance on this continued Russian
hacking problem as his recent veto of
the secure elections Act it was a
bipartisan bill that would have set new
standards for election cybersecurity
and require audits after federal
elections so knowing all of this what
the hell is an American voter supposed
to do here's the good news
there are a few ways to fight this first
and most obvious would be to take a very
hard look at every email you receive if
something seems even slightly off don't
click through when it comes to social
media misinformation the most important
thing that you can do to sidestep fake
news is to do your research investigate
if the information in the meme or
article you're sharing is accurate do a
quick google search and see what you
come up with see if any reputable media
companies have also covered this topic
and lastly in order to fight election
day hacking it's important to speak to
your local representatives there are
currently two bills in Congress the
secure elections Act and the paper act
both of these bills would combat
election hacking by replacing outdated
voting systems and including a separate
paper voting strip that would record
each and every vote it would also
require polling places to conduct a post
election audit which would then compare
the paper vote to the votes on the
electronic voting systems unfortunately
neither of these bills currently has a
hearing or a vote scheduled but by
contacting your representatives to urge
Congress to hear these we can try to
take these threats a little more
seriously you can go to house gov right
now to find your representatives contact
info hey youtube if you liked this video
and you want to see more like it then
please be sure to share it with your
friends and if you've seen any
questionable memes or fake news links on
social media then let us know in the
comments we'll be sure to follow up
thank you for watching
