you might prefer your World Cup football
without politics I get it I know I love
soccer too but when the host country is
as globally polarizing as Russia in 2018
you better believe we're gonna have to
talk about some politics this week we
are going to dive into the fascinating
story of how Russia landed the 2018
World Cup the investigations into
alleged corruption around it how it
actually involves the same guy
responsible for rumors of a trump P tape
former British intelligence officer
Christopher Steele yes there is a common
thread there we're also going to talk to
a journalist who lived in Russia for
many years who covers corruption and
asked him what else we should know about
the World Cup
plus we'll talk about why human rights
activists are calling for a boycott of
the game
but first how does the country like
Russia currently under so many sanctions
from various nations land a beloved
international sporting event like the
World Cup well for one it was decided
back in 2010 by the International
Federation for association football FIFA
and Russia in 2010 was different than
Russian now Putin wasn't the president
he was taking his turn as a prime
minister they hadn't yet invaded Ukraine
and the world hadn't yet seen the
massive corruption of the 2014 Sochi
Olympics you could make a better case
for awarding them to cut back that
except while things may be far worse
politically now there were allegations
of corruption going on then welcome to
Russia this is how it works
countries submit bids to host the World
Cup many years in advance and the 24
members of the FIFA Executive Committee
decide who wins in this case Russia was
competing against England Belgium the
Netherlands Portugal and Spain now two
of those 24 members were suspended from
voting after it was revealed in an
undercover journalism operation that
they were offering to sell their votes
so 22 FIFA executive members voted and
Russia won the 2018 World Cup Sepp
Blatter was FIFA president at the time
and he hailed it as bringing the World
Cup to quote new lands as a tournament
had never been held in Russia or an
Eastern European country before this is
where Christopher Steele comes in his
consulting firm was hired by the
Football Association in England to
investigate possible corruption and
but in 2010 Steele had worked undercover
as an mi6 agent in Moscow for years
before this and he was hired because of
his expertise in the region England
wanted that World Cup bid badly and many
officials were suspicious about Russia's
bid long before he prepared the dossier
on Donald Trump that included
allegations of a P tape steal produced a
dossier on alleged corruption in FIFA
and he handed it to the US FBI as well
as England kicking off a years-long
investigation that ultimately took down
nine FIFA officials in 2015 there was
wire fraud there was money laundering
there was racketeering there was bribery
bladder himself was not indicted in the
case but he was eventually banned from
taking part in any feaf activities for
six years given that he was president of
the organisation when all of this was
going on
so steel solid research for the FBI in
that case is actually what earned him a
trusted reputation in the US
intelligence community which would come
back many years later in 2016 with the
Trump dossier FIFA conducted an internal
investigation into the Russian bid
process and ultimately concluded that
nothing shady happened but that report
led by American lawyer Michael Garcia
was full of holes and essentially buried
by FIFA the computers that were used by
Russians during the bid were destroyed
so many documents were never even seen
the Russian bid team also said certain
emails were quote inaccessible some
people refused to be interviewed for the
investigation
now Garcia says he did his best
interviewing dozens of witnesses and
producing a 400-page report but FIFA
decided not to publish said report and
instead released a summary that Garcia
says erroneously misrepresented his
findings after trying to get fifa to
publish the whole thing and being met
with multiple refusals Garcia resigned
from FIFA and he's been banned from
entering Russia so we may never know the
full extent of what happened in
his bid for the World Cup but we know
that they got it and that is viewed as a
victory for their national image by many
no matter what corrupt process might
have led there it's for this reason and
more that many politics and human rights
observers are calling on a boycott of
the opening ceremony and previous World
Cups in the 90s FIFA would actually
sanction countries for what they called
destabilizing behavior for example they
banned the former Yugoslavia from the
1994 World Cup and the 92 euros because
of international sanctions placed on the
countries at that time due to government
and military aggression now sanctioned
aggressive countries get to host the
World Cup and organizations like Human
Rights Watch are also calling for
Opening Ceremony Boyka based on Russia's
ongoing military activities in Syria
I spoke to journalist and author Oliver
below who lived in Russia for many years
and who investigates corruption about
the details he recently wrote an article
for GQ all about this which will drop a
link to in the comments my name's on the
below I'm in a Russian list a former
Soviet Union East I'm not a football fan
but I do write a lot about corruption
and so I approached writing about the
World Cup not from the point of view of
football or soccer but more from the
point of view of how Russia won the
right to host the tournament which is
you know just about the biggest sporting
occasion of the year and having won the
tournament how it then went about making
sure that the tournament was going to go
ahead to Putin's liking in this being
Russia that's the story of money lots of
money a story primarily of money going
to Putin's friends or people who are
useful to mr. Putin and it's also a
story about violence for both hooligans
obviously and people who threatened to
embarrass mr. Putin and boost mr.
Putin's friends being dissuaded from
doing so so we really shouldn't put much
stock into FIFA's report room they seem
to conclude that Russia was cleared of
any wrongdoing well I mean I think you
know you you know to be fair to them you
know the FIFA investigators who have
kind of did what they could have what
they had where they were I mean they
weren't they weren't given any
information and they weren't really
given any access so you know they were I
mean this isn't Robert Mulla we're
talking about they didn't have to you
know that this sort of world's finest
lawyers and an FBI team of investigators
to help them you know they were just a
few guys I also asked below how much
international fans traveled to Russia
we need to worry about some of their
more discriminatory laws
Russians are very very hospitable people
it is a wonderful country I would feel
very sad if anyone felt put off from
going to see the country because of the
idiocy of its government and
particularly worth visiting in summer
when there's a party going on um but
you're it is concerning the the Russian
government has done nothing really to
shut down concerns about the behavior of
these sort of extra paramilitary they
call themselves Cossacks they Cossacks I
don't really Cossacks they're just folks
who pretend to be you know given to
dignify themselves with this name um
you know the government's done very
little to rein them in or to shut down
debate that they could be used against
you know people you know LGBT people or
whoever who shows some form of dissent
with the lines of the authorities so I
mean I hope it'll be okay but to be
honest like I wouldn't I wouldn't
recommend you know gay friends and I
walked along holding hands at the moment
not sure if you thought the World Cup
drama ended here well Qatar is next in
2022 another country known for its human
rights abuses think of this as part one
of the corruption story in Russia
involving the World Cup next time we'll
get into just how Putin uses massive
international events like the Winter
Olympics and the World Cup to award
contracts and therefore money to is
oligarch friends because secondary level
of corruption which is corruption in the
construction of the stadiums you know
that the the stadium where England will
be playing their first match in
Volgograd and then they're also playing
later in Nizhny Novgorod and both of
those stadiums were built by one of
Putin's best friends Gennady timchenko
um you know this is standard in Russia a
major infrastructure problem projects
are awarded to Putin's close friends we
saw it in the Sochi Olympics you see it
with the bridge they've built a Crimea
you know its standard and so that again
is that there's another reason why they
wanted the tournament it's not just
about you know Putin getting to show off
on the world's biggest stage it's also
about his friends making a load of money
welcome
