April 2018 marks the 20th anniversary of
the Good Friday Agreement being signed
in Northern Ireland the move sought to
end 30 years of sectarian conflict in
the region between Irish Republicans and
the British state forces and loyalists
but in the aftermath of the violence
staggering numbers of suicides and
reports of local people struggling with
mental health issues emerged in Northern
Ireland hey guys I'm versa this is now
this world and in this episode were
diving into data that shows there's a
real mental health crisis in Northern
Ireland more people have died of suicide
during the last 20 years of peace than
were killed during three decades of
conflict but before we talk about the
present day we need to take a quick look
at the events that got us here
first off Northern Ireland which is
actually part of the United Kingdom is
geographically situated on the island of
Ireland to the south is the Republic of
Ireland the conflict over the region
began in the early 20th century when
following more than a hundred years of
British rule Irish military groups the
Irish Volunteers an Irish citizen army
led a rebellion it was inspired by
burgeoning Irish nationalist movements
which cropped up in the mid-1800s
following the Irish potato famine in
1919 the nationalist Irish political
party shin famed which roughly
translates from Gaelic to ourselves
alone declared independence it's
important to note that Ireland at this
point already had strong religious
divides as a result of 17th century
warfare between Protestants and
Catholics when Ireland gained
independence as the Irish Free State in
1922 the majority Protestant province of
Ulster didn't want any part of it so the
British government sectioned off the six
most northeastern counties of the new
Irish state to create Northern Ireland a
part of the United Kingdom in Northern
Ireland tensions between mostly
Protestant unionists who were also known
as loyalists for their loyalty to the
British crown and mostly Catholic
nationalist who were also known as
Republicans for their desire to join the
Republic of Ireland brewed for decades
and eventually the friction culminated
into what would become a thirty-year
period of violence known as the troubles
from roughly in 1968 to 1998 the
troubles claimed more than 3600 lives
there were vicious attacks from
paramilitary groups on both sides as
well as atrocities carried out by the
British Army on one of the darkest days
in recent UK history 14 unarmed people
were killed and a dozen injured when
British troops opened fire on the crowd
of a peaceful civil rights march that
became known as Bloody Sunday the Irish
Republican Army or IRA almost killed the
British prime minister in the Brighton
bombing in 1984 and launched a bombing
attacks throughout those three decades
on both Northern Ireland and the UK
mainland
throughout the 1990s cease fires were
declared and broken by 1998 both parties
had agreed to six principles of
non-violence known as the Mitchell
principles and by May of that year
Northern Ireland and the Republic of
Ireland voted in favor of the Good
Friday Agreement which established a
power-sharing government called the
Northern Ireland Assembly officially the
region has been living in peace time
since 1998 but has the population really
felt that peace the suicide rate in
Northern Ireland nearly doubled and the
10-year span after the peace agreement
was signed in the 29 years leading up to
the agreement 3670 deaths by suicide
were reported almost the same number of
suicides were recorded in half the time
following the agreement the region has
the highest suicide rate in the UK and a
25% higher overall prevalence of mental
illness than England so why are more
people committing suicide during
peacetime than in war time between 2005
and 2008 mental health sciences
professor Siobhan O'Neill coordinated
the largest study to date on mental
health in Northern Ireland
she estimated that the cases of mental
health problems are linked to the
troubles I've heard horrendous stories
of people seeing body parts for example
after a bomb blast of people seeing dead
bodies and antibody samples at the sorts
of stories people tell us in 2011
research revealed Northern Ireland had
the highest rate of post traumatic
stress disorder
among 30 countries including places like
South Africa and Lebanon that
participated in the world mental health
survey initiative the data showed that
40% of the population had experienced
conflict related trauma and the mental
health crisis doesn't just affect people
who were visually or physically scarred
by violence but also the children of
those who lived through it from 2012 to
researchers found an upward trend and
children being prescribed
antidepressants there has also been a
steady increase of children being
referred for specialist mental health
support over the past few years I think
it's to do with the transgenerational
legacy of the troubles so it's the
impact of being parented by someone
who's been exposed to trauma young
people who are parented by someone with
PTSD can grow up feeling that they're
not loved that there wasn't any
expression of love there's also higher
rates of childhood physical punishment
and families in Northern Ireland where
there's been violence and trauma
exposure and we have some data to show
that similar findings have emerged from
the children of Holocaust survivors in
Northern Ireland they're called this
ceasefire babies some researchers have
stipulated that the impact of trauma may
be passed from parent to child
biologically rather than just
behaviorally there's epigenetic changes
that happen as a result of trauma
exposure that the person's babies at
risk whatever they're born so the stress
response can be affected for the next
generation but according to researchers
there are also other well-documented
societal contributors to the crisis as
well including income inequality
unemployment sectarian tension and
social stigma first sectarian violence
didn't end entirely with the Good Friday
Agreement there are still outbreaks of
tension between Republicans and
unionists every year to this day there
are still physical walls dividing
Catholic and Protestant areas in Belfast
and the school system is largely
segregated also the social stigma of
suicide is making it harder for young
people to feel comfortable seeking
professional help our research shows
that about 15% of our population are
taking medication for a mental health
issue
but very few people will come out and
talk about that and talk about their
experiences in terms of our suicides
figures we can see that that's only 30%
of those that have died have been in
contact with mental health services even
if young people do feel comfortable
asking for help however the
infrastructure is lacking the
unemployment rate among young people in
Northern Ireland is fourteen point four
percent that's more than 10 percent
higher than the rest of the UK one
report said that 51 percent of young
people say that having a job would give
them a sense of purpose and Northern
Ireland has been operating over a year
without a functioning government
following the most recent shutdown of
the Irish assembly and leaving health
services starved of funding almost one
year ago
Prime Minister Theresa May promised
Northern Ireland 70 million u.s. dollars
over five years for a mental health
funding but the money still hasn't
arrived oh and there's brexit which
really isn't making things any easier
Northern Ireland is the subject of some
of the most complex negotiations between
Britain and the EU and it doesn't always
get the attention that it deserves it's
so complicated that it needs its own
video but it's just one more way that
the province faces a highly uncertain
future for years mental health
professionals have been calling on the
British government to put more funding
behind building out resources for
suffering communities how else can the
government step up and make this a
priority let us know what you think in
the comments thanks for watching now
this world and if you want to stay in
touch with global issues like this hit
that like and subscribe button
