here's a name you should know Sergey
scribble-scribble is a 66 year old
former Russian spy who went on to become
a spy for the British government he was
arrested by Russian authorities in 2004
for his double agent work convicted of
high treason and jailed but then in 2010
he was pardoned and released as part of
a spy swap between Russia and the US
remember Anna Chapman the Russian spy
caught in New York who went on to become
a model the u.s. exchanged her and other
spies for people like scruple getting to
leave Russia he moved to sleepy
Salisbury England with his wife but then
on March 4th of this year script ball
was found unconscious on a public park
bench in Salisbury along with his
daughter who was visiting him from
Moscow it turns out they had been
poisoned with a nerve agent called Nova
choc Nova truck is a chemical weapon
developed in the Soviet Union the
British government blamed the poison
attack on Russia Russia denies it what
has unfolded since then has amounted to
some of the most tense international
relations between the UK and Russia in
decades the British government has
accused Russia of essentially carrying
out a chemical weapons attack on UK soil
and they've demanded that the Russian
government provide an explanation
Russian officials have either outright
denied it demurred or blamed the
poisoning on other parties including in
the West and so the UK has brought in
the big guns
there are many allies
in the largest coordinated expulsion of
Russian diplomats in history 27
countries including the UK u.s. France
and Germany have ordered more than a
hundred and fifty Russian nationals to
leave their countries the countries
believe that many of these diplomats are
spies this expulsion is actually bigger
than any that took place during the Cold
War and in retaliation the Russian
government has announced its expelling
more than 60 US diplomats and closing
the American consulate in st. Petersburg
the second-largest Russian city it's all
a lot of diplomatic drama that's
contributing to the sense that relations
with Russia are really the worst that
they've been in years
Sergey script ball by the way is still
in stable condition at a hospital after
four weeks of also being in critical
condition his daughter Yulia is
reportedly conscious and talking the
actions by the Western governments are
significant their history-making
in fact and it's worth noting that UK
prime minister Theresa May was able to
convince the Trump administration of all
people to join forces in this mass
expulsion though President Trump himself
is still hesitant to publicly criticize
Vladimir Putin it is now clear but mr.
Scribner and his daughter were poisoned
with a military-grade nerve agent of a
type developed by Russia this is part of
a group of nerve agents known as Nova
chop the government has concluded that
it is highly likely that Russia was
responsible for the act against Sergey
and Yulia scripta but many observers say
there's a more effective way for the UK
and other countries to respond to
Russian government aggression by
targeting their bank accounts the
sanctions that have been announced
against Russia in all different contexts
are not sufficient if we want to get
Putin
we have to go after the oligarchs Putin
doesn't hold any of this 200 billion
dollars that I estimate to be his worth
in his own name that's Bill Browder a
man who has made himself an enemy of the
kremlin by travelpod oligarchy he's
doing this all in the name of his friend
Russian national Sergei Magnitsky who
was imprisoned for investigating
corruption in Russia and died in jail
we'll do a whole episode about him later
it's not only me who thinks that anybody
who knows Putin thinks that Alexei
Navalny who is the leading
clear-thinking opposition candidate
who's not allowed to be an opposition
candidate because they convicted him
crimes he said the same thing
marina let Franco the widow of Alexander
Litvinenko said the same thing anyone in
the know knows that that is exactly what
he cares about so we know that the UK
expelled 23 diplomats over the poisoning
that just happened there and I think he
said that's not like Putin's not gonna
care that's not gonna bother him you
believe that hitting them financially is
the better way to go why does he hate
the Magnitsky aunt because he values his
money more than anything he's not
playing poker we know what his cards are
and that's that those are his cards and
so if you know that's what he values and
you know that he keeps that money not in
Russia but in the West
that's his Achilles heel and a lot of
that money is in in London right
they love London the Russian government
crooks love London
why why is that they love London because
as close as a four hour flight they
think their money is safe their money
has been safe the British government has
historically never investigated anybody
for anything I think it's safe
physically it was their total bolt-hole
and they spent money like you cannot
imagine on real estate I mean it was
this real estate boom for luxury premier
properties because the Russians were
just showing up and bidding and
outfitting each other for these fancy
and big houses and it's because the cold
white stucco houses these beautiful
houses and these big garden squares and
the Russians are buying these things up
like
I had a style and how they ona and now
we have our leverage for now in the case
of surveys scrip all there are reports
that the UK government is going to take
a harder look at cleaning up some of the
dirty money being stashed on their
Shores now that's not to say that all
Russian money is dirty money by the way
it means specifically looking at
oligarchs and officials with connections
to the Putin regime who have gotten rich
through corrupt means nuance is
important when talking about these shady
stories and if you don't believe me well
take it from a guy who has been poisoned
twice himself we often hear that
Russians don't want freedom though they
aren't ready for it now they've never
had it it wouldn't know how to use it
that all they need is a strong hand and
a stern whip so for several years now I
have been involved in a campaign to
persuade Western governments and Western
Parliament's to put an end to this
double standard and to lay down a
principle that if you're engaged in
corruption of human rights abuse people
no longer be able to receive visas to
come to Western countries or or keep
that your money in Western banks or buy
real estates in in those countries - and
if you do this you actually assign
responsibility where it belongs
instead of punishing the whole country
for the actions of a small group of
unelected individuals in the Kremlin do
you actually go after them mr.
groundbreaking concept that should
really be a very simple one if you think
about it actually you actually target
responsibility whether it is do these
people want to steal in Russia but spend
in the West and these measures prevent
them from doing so so I think this is
the most likely reason for them trying
to kill me twice in two years there's
nothing better the Putin regime would
like us to do than to give up and run
and I don't think we should be giving
this to them because if we just stop and
give up and nothing's gonna change and
that's not okay so we've seen the
poisoning of a Russian national on UK
soil before but again this kind of
seemed to come out of nowhere give him
that scruple I had a relatively low
profile he wasn't he wasn't recently a
vocal critic of Putin am I correct
that's right so when the poisoning
happened what were what were you
thinking that and we re surprised that
this incident had happened closer to
home well I was only surprised at the
methods used the fact that they used a
military-grade chemical weapon in a NATO
country seems pretty aggressive in a
terrorist incident not only affecting
their target but affecting up to 500
people is a very very aggressive move do
you feel like the UK government has
responded in a sufficient way do you
think they should be harsher do you
think the US should be harsher I know we
also kind of played a waiting game here
with Trump president Trump whether or
not he would attend the attack on Russia
and now he has today let's just go back
a little bit in history Alexander
Litvinenko was a spy who was
assassinated by the Russian Federation
with radioactive materials in the center
of London and the British government
proved that at a judicial standard that
it was Russia behind it and there was no
consequence and so I blame this current
attack very much on the British
government for not responding the
previous attack because what that what
by not responding to the previous attack
it basically gave Putin the green light
to do whatever he wanted to do in the UK
again now why why this guy why now what
did he do and the answer is I don't
think it has anything to do with this
guy or now or what he did this is a
message to all of his security services
all of his spies all of his secret
policemen if you even think about
disloyalty it doesn't matter when it
doesn't matter where you are it doesn't
matter who you're with we will come we
will find you
we will liquidate you and we will
liquidate your entire family
don't be disloyal that's the message I'm
not holding my breath um they haven't
done a good job up until now then a
pretty horrifying job of investigating
Russian crime there is a political will
but but let's see if that gets
translated into action I have my serious
doubts it is essential that we now come
together with our allies to defend our
security to stand up for our values and
to send a clear message to those who
would seek to undermine them certainly
looks like the Russians will be either
no no you can Aslam do much Telugu is
their honesty much the full name choose
Brit nonsense to be total procedure but
will part dog me we could get something
that should never ever happen in
Christine you miss thing there is no
place for these people or their money in
our country so what does it like to
survive an attack like this in upcoming
episodes we'll have interviews with
former ukrainian President Viktor
Yushchenko and you'll see more from
Russian opposition politician Vladimir
Karen Mirza both of whom have been
poisoned in the past and targeted
political attacks and will continue to
follow the screwball story but we want
to know what are your questions about
all of this please leave them in the
comments below or write to me online and
I'll be sure to get back to you thank
you for watching the Russia desk
you
