mm 18 marks the 100th anniversary of
independence for the Baltic States
Lithuania Estonia and Latvia these three
northern European countries are known as
the Baltic states for their border along
the Baltic Sea but it was the neighbor
along their other border that made
independence so hard-fought Imperial
Russia
fast forward to 2018 and the Baltics are
now vibrant independent nations but
anxiety is in the air again as Russia
once again flexes its muscles in the
region hi guys I'm versa and today we're
exploring the question will the Baltics
100th anniversary be a moment of
celebration heightened attention or both
first a little bit of history as World
War 1 reached its climax in 1918 empires
were falling left and right including
Russia's amidst the chaos many new
countries were born including the three
Baltic nations Lithuania declared
independence on February 16th 1918
followed by Estonia on February 24th
Latvia would declare independence later
that year in November but it was just a
few weeks after that that their neighbor
now so via Russia invaded Latvia you see
as the Russian Empire was falling apart
the previous year it led almost straight
into the October Revolution that
revolution led by Vladimir Lenin and the
Bolsheviks established the Russian
Soviet republic which later became the
USSR and during the Second World War
the Baltic states were once again
occupied first by the USSR then by Nazi
Germany and then by the Soviet Union
again that remained the case until the
fall of the USSR in the early 1990s the
Baltics became free nations once again
but with the weary eye always looking
toward Russia and understandably so
given the patterns of occupation in the
20th century and even prior to that one
of the major steps that these countries
took to counter that weariness came in
2004 when they officially joined NATO
that was met with mixed feelings in
Moscow Russia had opposed Baltic
membership and NATO for the entirety of
the nineteen
90s in fact in 1997 at the Helsinki
summit Russian president Boris Yeltsin
who reportedly tried to make a quote
gentlemen's agreement with US President
Bill Clinton that NATO would not allow
the Baltic states to join but Clinton
refused and years later when George W
Bush and Vladimir Putin were the
respective leaders for the countries
Lithuania Latvia and Estonia joined the
alliance at the time Putin had signaled
that he was more willing to work with
NATO and that Baltic membership wouldn't
upset him but those feelings later
changed and seeing some of its closest
neighbors folded into a powerful Western
military alliance is often cited as one
factor in increasing Russian aggression
and speaking of that aggression current
events do give the Baltic states reason
to worry after Russia invaded Ukraine
and annexed Crimea in 2014 Lithuania
Latvia and Estonia were immediately on
high alert NATO increased its military
exercises in the Baltic region as a
signal to Russia that this region was
protected and in recent years it's
actually been around the time of the
Olympics that some of Russian aggression
has reached its peak it was in August
2008 during the Beijing Olympics that
Russia attacked Georgia to prevent
Georgia from retaking the breakaway
regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia
the news of the two countries being at
war came one day after a beige ian's
opening ceremony and a few days before
Russia and Georgia were due to compete
against each other in women's beach
volleyball at the time
Russia's Olympic team leader called the
Georgian president quote mentally ill
and the International Olympic Committee
had to step in to reiterate their
commitment toward world peace it was in
February 2014 when Russia invaded Crimea
three days after the end of the Sochi
Olympics hosted in their country's own
Black Sea City but the timing of the
Olympic Games have been correlating
factors rather than causal ones the
Russia Georgia conflict had been
intensifying four months before August
2008 as had the situation in Ukraine
dating back to November 2013 in fact
some scholars think the international
spotlight of the Winter Olympics in
Russia
met Putin waited before being more
aggressive toward Ukraine while others
have observed he may have moved quickly
after the game's concluded at least
partially in order to distract from the
stories of financial corruption in Sochi
but let's come back to the current
situation in the Baltics any Russian
conflict in this region is multi-layered
and based on a combination of many tense
factors one very important factor is how
Russia views the treatment of the ethnic
Russian population in the Baltic States
when the Soviet Union broke apart and
Lithuania Estonia and Latvia once again
became independent countries a
complicated question of citizenship was
born Lithuania had the most liberal
policy and granted citizenship to
everyone living there at the time of
Independence
while Estonia and Latvia established
complicated roles that met ethnic
Russians had to take language and
history tests before they could be
granted citizenship the government's
wanted native Russian speakers to prove
that they could also speak Latvian or
Estonian which many saw as a sign of
discrimination to this day some ethnic
Russians living in the Baltics say they
feel like second-class citizens and
Putin has publicly said it is Russia's
intention to protect them
that was the pretext for Russia moving
into Crimea which was an autonomous
Republic within Ukraine that had a
majority ethnic Russian population so
it's no wonder that the Baltics are
nervous and now things are even more
tense On February 5th Lithuania
president claimed that Russia had just
deployed two medium-range missiles along
its border perhaps even more troubling
for Lithuania was that Russia publicly
acknowledged it yet another attempt to
basically troll NATO and flex their
muscles in the region now none of this
means that Putin will invade the Baltics
perhaps it's all just for show raising
tensions among NATO members over whether
it's risking all-out war with Russia in
order to defend the Baltics but also
giving Putin a chance to remind everyone
that these countries are in his
neighbourhood but after 100 years of
Independence marred by various
occupations it's definitely a region to
watch in 2018 do you think Putin will
make a move in the Baltics in the near
future or do you think he has other
plans let us know what you think of
the comments don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos like this every
week and thank you for watching now this
world
