in 2017 Donald Trump took office in the
United States president erdogan
consolidated his power in Turkey and
60,000 people marched in the streets of
Poland calling for a white Europe what
we're seeing is a wave of nationalism
what some are calling the new
nationalism ripple around the world in
some countries it goes all the way to
the highest levels of public office
while in others it's manifested and
certain political parties making
significant progress and gaining power
so we've decided to take a look back at
some of the key events in a year where
this was increasingly on display in a
year filled with breaking news about the
presidency of Donald Trump one of the
most important and impactful events was
the domestic terrorism attack in
Charlottesville Virginia a man drove his
car into a crowd of anti-racism
protesters killing 32 year-old Heather
hire and injuring at least 19 other
people president Trump's response to
this attack was one of the most defining
parts of his presidency thus far he
defended the white nationalists who
organized the event that caused the
counter protesters to be there in the
first place saying quote there were very
fine people on both sides this was a
telling moment because it revealed Trump
knows to a core part of his base is and
that he's not willing to alienate them
multiple studies about the 2016 election
have shown that many Trump voters were
in favor of his highly divisive
anti-immigrant and anti-muslim rhetoric
Trump campaigned on nationalism and he's
governed accordingly he has combined his
make America great again slogan with
policies like record high arrests of non
criminal immigrants a travel ban on
seven countries including refugees and
making in the US the only country to
withdraw from the Paris climate Accords
those that marched in Charlottesville
actually have something in common with
the tens of thousands of people who
marched in Poland they're both calling
for a white America and a white Europe
around Poland's independence day in
November 2017 about 60,000
ultra-nationalist marched in Warsaw
participating in what experts call one
of the biggest far-right demonstrations
in Europe in years these groups promote
anti European Union anti Islam policies
these are reflected in the Polish
Parliament back in 2015 the right-wing
Law and Justice Party came to power and
they currently hold the most seats in
that Parliament there's a lot of debate
about whether the Law and Justice Party
is more right-wing populist than
nationalist the party leaders prefer to
call themselves patriotic but they
specifically promote Polish and economic
nationalism party leader Yaroslav sinski
once said poland can't accept any
refugees because quote they could spread
infectious diseases what's interesting
is that other leaders in Poland have
pushed back against the white
nationalism they see coming from us when
Richard Spencer a well-known American
white nationalist was scheduled to speak
at a far-right conference in Poland
ministry officials pushed back and said
that he was not welcome the foreign
minister said sponsored quote defames
what happened during world war ii
defames the holocaust that independence
day marched by the way also featured
chants about getting jews out of power
it shows you that there's still quite a
conflict and addressing the nationalism
within poland the debate over whether
turkey is part of Europe or Asia has
been going on for decades under
president air Dewan at least one answer
is clear his ruling Justice and
Development Party is about Turkish and
at times Islamic nationalism Turkey
presents a very clear case of the
connections between this new nationalism
and authoritarianism erawan has made
turkey an incredibly dangerous place for
journalists curtailing free speech and
press freedom especially when it comes
to criticism or opposition thousands of
people have been arrested while certain
press outlets have had their websites
blocked by the government according to
the ruling party it's all in the name of
making turkey appear unified and strong
in an increasingly destabilized area
those who support the president say they
do so because he quote stands up to
external aggressors while others fear
it's making the country increasingly
isolated one reason why nationalism has
become more popular in all of these
countries are the effects of
globalization those who feel left out or
left behind are turning to communities
that make them feel more powerful again
but at what cost this isn't unique to
just 2017 the surprise brexit vote in
2016 was one of the biggest indicators
that a nationalist feeling was prevalent
among many voters though some actually
regretted their vote the very next day
but these effects the effects of brexit
Trump air dhawan and more are already in
motion not just in these three countries
but in others around the world the
lasting effect will reshape the politics
of many countries though how the
pendulum swings remains to be seen and
it's something that will continue to
track into 2018 Donald Trump espouses
and America first philosophy but his
decisions have consequences around the
world for a closer look at one of these
decisions his recognition of Jerusalem
as the official capital of Israel check
out this video to the right thanks for
watching now this world and don't forget
to Like and subscribe for more videos
every week
