in the middle of the Pacific Ocean
there's a tiny island nation called Noah
rule that spans only about eight square
miles not too long ago
it was considered the single richest
country in the world per capita but
today it is one of the world's poorest
and most obese nations and is currently
best known to house a detention center
that's a rampant with human rights
abuses so what's the story behind this
islands journey from riches to rags
while now a Rouge stroke of luck came
from its isolated position which is
roughly 1,800 miles northeast of
Australia as one of the only land masses
in sight the island served as a stopping
point for seagulls around the Pacific
and on each visit they do what seagulls
seem to do best
after a few million years of being used
as a seagull toilet the accumulating
bird poop calcified imbuing the soil
with phosphates a very valuable and
lucrative group of elements their most
important use is that they help plants
capture the sun's energy so that they
can grow through photosynthesis and so
phosphates are vital as a component of
fertilizer so when this island gained
its independence in 1968 it jumped
headfirst into mining and selling its
phosphate rich soil between the mid
1970s and the early 1980s the tiny
island nation of roughly 43 hundred
people had far and away surpassed any
oil rich or technologically advanced
country in the world in terms of per
capita wealth some stats estimate that
in modern currency the island was worth
2.5 billion dollars are more than half a
million dollars for every single man
woman and child almost every societal
necessity was completely free education
medical care and transportation on top
of that they don't pay a penny in taxes
they didn't have to so what happened to
this rich country
well predictably the phosphate ran out
and the country didn't do a very good
job of planning far into the future
as mining became less and less lucrative
the soil what's the most fertile in the
world became totally barren little could
be grown on the island and as residents
got used to importing all of their food
mostly canned and high in preservatives
in 2011 this unhealthy diet led to Nehru
being named the single most obese
country in the world but that was far
from the only problem as the government
began running out of money after poor
financial planning they opened the
country as an untraceable tax free
banking Haven right around the time that
the Soviet Union collapsed Russian
criminal syndicates took advantage of
this opportunity to launder tens of
billions of dollars through an
unregulated financial system feeding in
the increasingly corrupt government and
draining the country of its resources in
a last-ditch attempt at survival now we
reached out to the Australian government
its closest neighboring world power and
worked at a deal on what to do with the
70% uninhabitable island with a no
source of revenue and the solution it
wasn't pretty in the early 2000s in
exchange for Australia's financial
support the island agreed to take a few
hundred sri lankan and pakistani
refugees including more than three dozen
children and several pregnant women who
were attempting to enter Australia by
vote this was called the Pacific
Solution and from then on when any
refugees approached Australia they were
sent to squalid detention centres in
Nauru and Papua New Guinea which had
made a similar agreement conditions and
these detention centers have been
likened to a crumbling poorly run prison
with effectively no possibility for many
of its detainees to leave in fact in
2007 the situation at the heavily
overcrowded facility became so bad that
it had to be shut down when they ran out
of water but the detention center we
opened in 2012 and is still operating in
the same conditions today so between
1975 and 2017
Nehru went from being the richest
country per capita in the world to one
of the five most impoverished so just
how bad are these detention centres and
why is Australia going to such extreme
measures to keep out immigrants and
refugees you can find out and that's the
video to the right thanks for watching
now this world and don't forget to Like
and subscribe for more episodes like
this every week
