it's been a tough few years for Ukraine
fighting has been ongoing in the eastern
part of the country between separatists
pro-russian forces and the Ukrainian
government the fighting started back in
2014 when Russia invaded and annexed a
part of the country Crimea the United
States and NATO allies have been
debating just how much aid and weaponry
to give Ukraine in this fight in the
face of internal and external strife we
wanted to know just how powerful is
Ukraine Ukraine is physically the
largest country in Europe coming in at
almost a quarter of a million square
miles in size it's also the 46th largest
country in the world but for comparison
actually just a little bit smaller than
the state of Texas about 44 million
people live there which puts it on par
with Argentina in terms of total
population but in terms of population
density it's fairly spread out Ukraine
is about 78% ethnically Ukrainian and
17% ethnically Russian according to the
most recent Ukrainian census the
remaining 5% are a combination of
ethnicities from the surrounding
countries but the fight over ethnicity
and national identity is what has caused
some of the deadliest battles scene in
any post-soviet state while a minority
of the country wants to be seen as
Russian the rest a majority including
the government want to stay distinctly
Ukrainian in terms of economy the GDP of
Ukraine in 2016 was about 93 billion
dollars they suffered a severe downturn
in recent years worsened by the
political and military crisis in 2014
the Ukrainian currency reached historic
lows against the US dollar and the
country was in a lot of debt the
International Monetary Fund then
approved a bailout for Ukraine and now
the World Bank has reported the small
uptick in growth in 2016 about 2.3
percent
that would mean the economy is
recovering slightly and it's out of a
recession when the 2017 GDP projected to
rise a little to one hundred and four
billion dollars the Ukrainian military
is ranked 30th in the world with 1.1
million troops and a defense budget of
5.1 billion dollars that six percent of
the country's GDP one of the highest
ratios in the world this is another area
where the Crimean crisis and war in
eastern Ukraine has had a significant
effect on the country in 2014 they
reestablished the National Guard of
Ukraine something that was disbanded
fourteen years prior and currently
boasts almost 60,000 troops they've also
increased military spending and I've
been trying to purchase additional arms
and defense systems from the United
States whether or not that happens
remains to be seen but Ukraine is
already conducting military exercises
with NATO allies under the partnership
for peace the partnership for peace has
the goal of establishing trust and
cooperation between NATO States and
post-soviet States Ukraine is not
currently a member of NATO though they
have been pursuing membership another
point of conflict with Russia Ukraine is
stuck between its past and its present
while much of the population yearns for
closer relations with the European Union
and the United States Russian military
and economic forces have a stranglehold
on some parts of the country while they
continue to build up their military and
continue to rebuild their economy there
are less powerful than they want to be
and still have a lot of progress to make
toward establishing a national
post-soviet identity one of the biggest
struggles for Ukraine in recent years
was Russia's invasion of Crimea the
annexation was surprising as this form
of forceful and secretive invasion
hasn't been seen in a long long time so
how exactly did Putin's army pull it off
check out this video to the right
thanks for watching now this world and
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more episodes like this every week
