in October 2017 two rival Palestinian
factions that's up from the West Bank
and Hamas from the Gaza Strip signed a
deal that will put in into a decade-long
conflict within Palestinian politics if
the reconciliation deal is actually
implemented the move could signal a
shifting point in palestinian-israeli
relations so we wanted to know what are
the differences between each of these
groups and what could unification mean
for the peace process moving forward
first off Hamas and Fatah are two
Palestinian political groups with very
different objectives and approaches
Patel was formed in the late 1950s by
Yasser Arafat who previously fought
against Israel during the 1948
arab-israeli war he created the group
with the goal of liberating Palestine
from Israeli occupation through armed
and violent resistance over time that's
as approach began to soften towards
Israel and in the 1990s officially
committed to a two-state solution after
abandoning its filing origins in 1993
Arafat signed the historic Oslo Accords
which was the first official mutual
recognition between the Palestinians and
the Israelis
although the Accord didn't establish an
independent Palestinian state it did
transfer some power to a newly formed
palestinian authority to govern over
cities in the West Bank and Gaza today
bets are called for peaceful resistance
against Israeli occupation and supports
a two-state solution with a secular
Palestinian state in the West Bank in
the Gaza Strip Hamas however has a much
different objective in mind the group
was formed in 1987 during the first
Palestinian Intifada or uprising it
began as a Palestinian branch of the
Muslim Brotherhood a transnational
Islamist movement that started in Egypt
decades prior Hamas is an extremist
group with two separate parts a
political way and an armed militant wing
called the I is LD no kasam brigades the
militant group has been responsible for
multiple suicide bombings inside of
Israel and has repeatedly lunch
indiscriminate Rockets across its border
these actions are why Israel and much of
the international community classify the
group as a terrorist organization but
many in Gaza see the group as a
legitimate resistance movement this
coupled with Hamas is charitable work
which included setting up food banks and
social services for Palestinians
living in the Gaza Strip made the
political movement incredibly popular
this paved the way for the group to win
parliamentary elections in 2006 marking
the first time a political party
defeated feta today
Hamas rejects the possibility of a
two-state solution and seeks the
destruction of Israel altogether hoping
to establish an Islamic Palestinian
state where the West Bank Gaza and
Israel are all located these objectives
have created a stark contrast between
Hamas and Fatah
these differences led to a conflict
between the groups when feta led by
President Mahmoud Abbas refused to see
power after losing the 2006 election in
June 2007 Hamas took over Gaza by force
bloody gun battles in the street left
more than 100 people dead and 500
injured during the violence President
Abbas shortly after declared a state of
emergency and dismissed the unity
government after Hamas took control of
Gaza Israel imposed a harsh blockade on
the strip of land citing security
concerns the action restricted access to
Gaza by bans air and sea cutting off the
flow of goods and supplies to the nearly
2 million citizens living there and
essentially locking them into the tiny
strip of land human suffering was only
exacerbated by a series of brutal
Israeli military campaigns in Gaza meant
to target Hamas officials but
collectively left more than three
thousand Palestinians dead and most
recently living conditions in Gaza have
also been severely damaged by the
Palestinian Authority after President
Abbas asked Israel to limit the
electricity supply to Gaza because it
wants Hamas to share costs the move has
limited Gaza to only a few hours of
power per day Hamas is an ability to
provide such a basic human necessity has
caused its popularity to dip which led
to its cooperation in this latest
reconciliation deal the deal was signed
in Cairo Egypt on October 13 2017 and
stipulated that Fatah will run Gaza
until a new administration could be
formed by the end of the year but what
hasn't been discussed or included in the
deal yet is the fate of the al-qassam
brigades
or if Hamas will recognize Israel
these two issues have derailed
reconciliation deals in the past and
could have the potential to derail them
again if Hamas decides not to disarm and
recognize Israel the deal goes through
without Hamas doing these two things the
entire Palestinian Authority would then
be considered a terrorist organization
by Israel in the United States and would
lose more than 400 billion dollars in
aid annually but if it does disarm and
recognize Israel it could signal a
pivotal moment in history for the
israeli-palestinian peace process but
only time will truly tell whether this
deal will be different than previous
failed efforts over the last 10 years
Palestine has been in an uphill battle
politically and economically since the
1940s so with its status still in limbo
how powerful is Palestine to find out
check out this video to the right thanks
for checking out now this world don't
forget to Like and subscribe for more
episodes like this every week
