in September 2016 leaders from the
world's most powerful economies met for
the g20 summit perhaps surprisingly some
of the fastest growing economies weren't
even represented so what are these
rapidly growing economies well according
to the CIA Factbook one of the countries
with the highest GDP growth is Papua New
Guinea a small independent state
just north of Australia Papua New Guinea
is a rural country and about 85% of the
population earns its livelihood from
agriculture agricultural exports namely
palm oil coffee and cocoa only account
for about 1/4 of the country's roughly
20 billion dollar GDP the rest comes
from mineral deposits like gas copper
and gold gas in particular has been a
key contributor to Papua New Guinea's
dramatic economic growth as foreign oil
companies have been exporting the
resource since 2004 Papua New Guinea's
GDP has grown by nearly 8 percent every
year on average for the past three years
however the profits have not trickled
down to most Papua New Guineans as
nearly 40 percent continue to live in
poverty not too far from Papua New
Guinea is another booming economy the
tiny island nation of Palau this may
come as a surprise as Palau is extremely
isolated and survives almost entirely on
fishing agriculture tourism and large
stipends from the United States tourism
is particularly important in Palau
seriously struggled when major airlines
suspended flights to the archipelago for
economic reasons this all changed
however in 2014 when China introduced
direct charter services to the island
that year Palau saw roughly 125,000
foreign tourists a nearly 14 percent
increase
previous year in 2015 that number jumped
to more than 160,000 nearly half of whom
were from China although the tourism
spike has led to 9% annual GDP growth
Palau ins are now outnumbered nearly 8
to 1 by tourists and are reportedly
unhappy with the told tourism has taken
on the environment but the
fastest-growing economy in the world
according to recent figures is actually
Ethiopia over the past decade the East
African country's GDP has grown by an
average of 10 percent every year and
today it is more than 60 billion dollars
this relatively sudden influx of wealth
is primarily a result of ambitious
investments in infrastructure a growing
manufacturing industry consistent demand
for the country's agricultural exports
and an ongoing privatization of its
largest companies that said the country
still can't provide enough jobs for its
rapidly growing population and much of
the money ends up in the hands of
corrupt officials
what's more Ethiopia is suffering from
one of its worst droughts in decades
leaving much of the population poor and
food insecure there's no doubt that
Ethiopia Palau and Papua New Guinea are
growing fast
however these countries have relatively
little money to begin with while other
countries like Ireland and Uzbekistan
are much wealthier and growing at
comparable rates growth rates are
notoriously unstable and volatile so
while all of these countries are growing
fast it's not a guarantee of future
success we can't do episodes like this
without our sponsors and this episode
was brought to you by domain.com
domain.com is affordable reliable and
easy to use get 20% off domain coms
already affordable domain names and web
hosting when you use coupon code seeker
at checkout when you think domain names
think domain.com now while these
countries Palau Papua New Guinea
the Opia are doing well in the face of a
recent global recession most of the
world is struggling some economies are
floundering so much they've been dubbed
miserable economies so what is a
miserable economy and what are some of
the worst in the world find out in this
video slightly more miserable than South
Africa was Argentina which suffers from
one of the highest rates of inflation in
the world stemming back to 2001 when the
country effectively declared bankruptcy
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
