for the past two centuries much of the
Western world has been incredibly
wealthy while the rest of the world was
not so fortunate however there was an
incredible economic reversal around the
1970s and 80s where so-called third
world economies began to grow faster
than many of their first world
counterparts one of these developing
countries was India the country's GDP
has increased roughly six-fold since
1990 and today is growing by more than
7% per year
considerably higher than the global
average 2.6 percent according to a 2017
study India will hold as much as 50% of
the global wealth in the year 2050
surpassing both the United States and
the European Union so how did this
happen well economic growth is primarily
fueled by two factors how many workers a
country has and how much these workers
produce India has an incredibly large
pool of working-age people out of the
country's population of more than 1.2
billion roughly 65 percent are under the
age of 35 there are also a ton of jobs
due in large part to globalisation many
multinational companies have not only
outsourced labor and manufacturing to
India but also marketing managerial and
customer service jobs this saves
companies money in labor costs and keeps
the entire manufacturing process in sync
outsourcing is a huge contributor to
India's growing economy but there are
other factors at play one is what
economists call catch-up growth this is
one poorer countries like India adopt
technologies that have already been
developed by richer countries
effectively catching up to them this
could be anything from high-speed rail
to automated machinery to the internet
for instance the Indian government
recently launched an initiative to
provide broadband internet and mobile
network services to hundreds of
thousands of Indian villages another
factor is India's free market reforms
which have ushered in less regulation
and more foreign investment the country
has benefited from the global slump in
oil prices as it imports two-thirds of
its oil some politicians notably
President Donald Trump have pointed to
the rapid growth of India and other
developing economies as a sign that the
u.s. is lagging behind but the
comparison isn't so cut and dry
according to experts poorer economies
tend to grow faster than wealthier
economies essentially when money enters
a small pool of wealth the growth will
be much more dramatic than if the same
amount of money was in a larger pool the
US economy is currently growing at about
2% an experts say growing at a rate any
higher than five percent would be bird
impossible in fact the country hasn't
grown at that rate since the 1980s when
it was recovering from a recession there
are also fundamental differences in the
way the US and India regulate their
economies India has a six-day Work Week
few federal holidays and no legal
retirement age for the private sector
and although the country has laws
regulating child labor they're rarely
enforced UNICEF estimates that roughly
28 million children are working in India
this obviously adds a huge amount of
production to their economy although at
the expense of human rights there's no
doubt that India's economy is growing
much faster than the us's but these
numbers come far from painting a
complete picture economic growth fails
to account for standard of living
work-life balance and perhaps most
importantly per capita income the
average income in India is still just
$1,600 a year compared to nearly 56,000
dollars in the US and more than 20% of
India's population lives in poverty
India will surely continue seeing an
influx of wealth as its workforce grows
however making life better for those
workers is another feat altogether
India's growth is expected to suffer
from its recent decision to demonetised
much of its currency to find out more
check out this video right here thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
you
