since Russia became a communist state in
1917 dozens of other countries have
converted their governments to
approximate communism at one point
during the Cold War the world was
ideologically split between capitalist
and communist political philosophies but
today only about five of these
left-leaning countries remain so what
are the world's modern communist states
well an extremely important distinction
to make is that communist states are not
actually communist and never have been
at least not yet every so-called
communist state is actually a socialist
state under the belief that socialism is
a necessary precursor and serves a
foundation like purpose in the
establishment of true communism the
difference is relatively complex but the
basic idea is that socialism diverges
from capitalism by giving workers the
products of their labor rather than a
single business owner in other words
distribution according to deeds but
communism is one step further
once socialism is fully enacted where
goods are distributed according to need
removing the basic capitalist incentive
altogether Goods distributed according
to greed no country has successfully
bridged that gap the USSR for example
stood for the Union of Soviet Socialist
Republics not communist today the five
remaining communist or communist like
States are China Cuba Laos Vietnam and
North Korea nearly all former and
current communist states are based on
single party rule which is predicated on
Marxism Leninism or a close derivation
for example in China it's referred to as
maoism and in North Korea it's called
juichi but the basic economic and
political premise is similar to that of
Marxism Leninism and developed alongside
other communist ideologies interestingly
in 2009 North Korea quietly but
deliberately removed any mention of
Marxism Leninism and communism from its
constitution but communism is marked by
more than just a basic political
ideology censorship and cracking down on
dissent are also major hallmarks of
these remaining countries four of the
five China Vietnam Cuba and North Korea
are ranked among the worst in the world
for press censorship by the Committee to
Protect Journalists these countries
restrict negative publications about the
country or its government and also
monitor their citizens in
usage economically communism has also
been a mixed bag Vietnam and China have
been among the fastest-growing countries
in the world over the past few decades
however they've only done so after
accepting capitalism into their
economies Viet Nam's first ten years as
a communist state were isolationist and
stagnant and it was only after entering
the competitive global market and
enacting economic reforms that the
country was able to achieve its high
growth rate meanwhile North Korea Cuba
and Laos have stuck to their
isolationist economies although until
recently Cuba has done so involuntarily
as a result of the US embargo still all
three have seen faltering economies with
North Korea particularly desperate for
international aid with an estimated GDP
of only about 40 billion dollars which
is less than almost every single US
state although the communist ideology
has managed to survive the collapse of
its initiator the USSR it's only done so
in isolation the global community has
clearly rejected communist states and
those which have been willing to
compromise have seen the greatest
success despite the prosperity of
countries like China it appears to be
more of an exception to the rule than
proof of communism as an effective
ideology if you've been a subscriber of
seeker daily for a while you might have
seen some of our recent VR videos this
week seeker is excited to announce a
brand new channel seeker VR to celebrate
our launch we sent a camera from birth
to the edge of space and you can watch
it right here right now the air pressure
is about 90 percent lower than it is
back on the ground close to the
atmospheric pressure in space under
these conditions your body would not be
able to survive without a spacesuit
make sure you subscribe to secret VR we
promise you'll love what's coming
