Rwanda has spent the past two decades
recovering from a genocide in 1994 over
the course of roughly 100 days a
minority group known as the Tutsis along
with others were systematically executed
as many as 1 million or 15% of the
entire Rwandan population were
slaughtered and another 2 million were
displaced the rebel force which was able
to end the genocide and take over the
government was led by the country's
current president Paul Kagame who over
the past 22 years has worked to bring
the country back from its darkest period
in light of these efforts we wanted to
know what is life like in Rwanda today
well for one Rwanda 's population is
swelled to over 11 million residents
making it one of the most densely
populated countries in Africa this is in
spite of a lower fertility rate in
recent years as the result of efforts by
the government to encourage Family
Planning and contraceptive use still
unlike similar countries with high
densities Rwanda is agriculturally
self-sufficient and among children under
five the malnourishment rate is roughly
3.6 percent which the World Food Program
deems acceptable this is a huge
improvement from prior studies men and
women in Rwanda can be expected to live
into their mid-60s which is a few years
higher than in neighbouring Uganda and
Kenya economically and socially the
country is thriving Rwanda is considered
one of the easiest nations in Africa to
do business as a result of improvements
in the ability to get credit deal with
construction permits and pay off debts
in an effort to become one of the
cleanest countries on the continent
certain cities such as the country's
capital Kigali are working on
encouraging pedestrian days where cars
are banned for a day a month
additionally throughout the country is
the concept of uma ganda or coming
together we're all adults under 65 are
expected to do voluntary community
service which can mean cleaning the
streets trimming bushes and repairing
buildings some cities even ban plastic
bags walking barefoot and sharing drinks
but this cleanliness and lack of poverty
may be misleading Human Rights Watch has
accused the country of rounding up the
homeless street children and street
vendors and taking them to detention
centers where they are allegedly
tortured and starved out of sight in
fact while many in the country admire
President Kagame for ending the genocide
others believe he is using anti genocide
laws to silence opposition there is
little press freedom and self-censorship
is often imposed in the lead-up to the
2010 elections two newspapers were
suspended for their criticisms of the
government causing a chilling effect on
the media as a whole although Rwanda has
come an incredibly long way since being
named one of the poorest countries in
Africa but many of the hundreds of
thousands of children orphaned by
genocide are now adults left with the
burden of the past unfortunately despite
its success it still appears to be
struggling in some of the same ways many
other authoritarian African countries
are and is not without criticism by
human rights groups Africa is not only
struggling with human rights issues but
also rampant corruption costing the
region billions of dollars every year we
spoke to an expert who said that some
solutions have proposed to mitigate the
problem find out more check out this
video if you spend any amount of time
driving west africa you often don't go
very far before you're stopped at
checkpoints and extorted by police
officers and other government officials
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos from us every day
