of the nearly 30 monarchies in the world
today far and away the most famous is
that of the United Kingdom from the
death of Princess Diana to the Royal
Wedding to the Queen's many hats the
international media seems to be obsessed
with Britain's royal family but there is
a Republican movement in the United
Kingdom that actually wants to see an
end to this centuries-old institution as
it reportedly costs taxpayers millions
of dollars every year
so where did Britain's royal family come
from and what role do they play in
society today well around the Year 827
King Egbert of the region Wessex
conquered kingdoms in every direction
eventually becoming the first King of
England over the course of roughly 700
years England saw dozens of Kings from
multiple family lineages but in the late
1600s the royal line of succession came
to a standstill as the king and his wife
had only one legitimate heir who
ultimately bore no children
for seeing an end to the family line
Parliament passed the Act of Settlement
in 1701 which stated that the royal
lineage should restart with one of the
Kings distant relatives Sophia of
Hanover hello Sophia ultimately died
before inheriting the throne her heirs
took over the line of succession
beginning with her son King George the
first in 1714 in the more than 300 years
since all British monarchs have
descended from this line the Act of
Settlement not only limited the throne
to the legitimate heirs of Sophia of
Hanover but also excluded all Roman
Catholics and those who marry Roman
Catholics the British monarchy has been
at odds with the Catholic Church since
King Henry the eighth broke off from
Catholicism in the 16th century Henry
the eighth wanted to divorce his wife
but couldn't under the principles of
Catholicism so he formed his own church
the Church of England traditional laws
of succession also stated that royal
sons inherit the throne before daughters
and older children are prioritized over
younger however in 2011 Prime Minister
David Cameron announced that all future
monarchs would be able to marry
Catholics and that future rulers would
no longer be limited by the gender
preference rule the role of the UK's
monarch is to act as head of state and
is limited to ceremonial nonpartisan
duties this includes bestowing honors
hosting dinners for foreign leaders
travelling abroad and appointing the
Prime Minister as recommended by the
House of Commons when a monarch dies
their heir automatically takes
power it's the phrase the king is dead
long live the king
Queen Elizabeth the second took over in
1952 after her father died when she
passes her eldest son Prince Charles is
next in line for the throne after
Charles as Prince William and then
Prince George and so on in fact there
are more than 5,000 descendants of
Sophia of Hanover were eligible to
succeed the throne according to the
language of the Act of Settlement
monarchs cannot abdicate the throne
unless they have approval from
Parliament abdication is extremely rare
although it did happen in 1936 when King
Edward the eighth relinquished the crown
to marry an American commoner who was to
the dislike of the Protestant church in
the midst of her second divorce Queen
Elizabeth the second is the UK's longest
reigning monarch and still plays an
active ceremonial and political role in
London it doesn't appear that brits
would have it any other way
as 2016 polls suggest that the Queen has
a 75% approval rating despite rising
pressure from anti-monarchists it's
unlikely that this historical
institution will dissolve anytime soon
if you're a fan of history science and
exploration you should definitely check
out discovery go you can watch all of
your favorite Discovery Channel shows in
one place click the link in the
description below to learn more the
British monarchy is an old tradition
with almost exclusively ceremonial
purposes then the same is true of most
monarchies around the world but why
would so many countries maintain such a
seemingly unnecessary and expensive
tradition why do we still have
monarchies find out in this video one of
the most successful absolute monarchies
is in Vatican City which is governed by
the Pope the rest are primarily in the
Middle East in Africa these nations tend
to be plagued by human rights abuses
because there aren't sufficient checks
on the Monarchs supreme power thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for more videos every
day
