in Hong Kong pro-independence candidates
won seats in the Legislative Council
prompting the Chinese government to warn
against any promotion of independence so
what exactly is the nature of their
complicated relationship
well the officially named Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region of the
People's Republic of China is not an
independent country from about the
mid-1800s Hong Kong was a British
occupied colony stemming from the spoils
of the Treaty of Nanking after the First
Opium War but in 1997 following years of
sino-british negotiations the British
left Hong Kong ceding it to China
but under a new form of autonomy called
one country two systems' essentially
this was a compromise between Hong Kong
wanting to be fully autonomous and
sovereign and China wanting to exert
control over its neighboring territory
although the two are indeed one country
the People's Republic of China Hong Kong
is relatively autonomous it has its own
government with independent executive
judicial and legislative branches and
pretty much everything else a sovereign
country could have a legal system law
enforcement immigration policy even its
own currency the Hong Kong dollar also
called a honky
but the autonomous region is wholly
dependent on China for its military
which has a specific Hong Kong military
division and in return Hong Kong seeds a
level of control to the Chinese
government this relatively vague level
of control has been uneasy for many Hong
Kong residents who are culturally and
politically separate from mainland China
and the two groups have repeatedly
clashed over their differences a 2014
study found that more than three times
the number of residents consider
themselves to be purely Hong Kongers as
opposed to purely Chinese but growing
stereotype against people from mainland
China is that they're rude or impolite
while those from the mainland see Hong
Kong residents as spoiled and ungrateful
many in Hong Kong believed that the
mainland has undue influence within the
region one example led to widespread
protests in 2014 when China's Communist
Party attempted to implement reforms
that would effectively pre-screen
candidates in Hong Kong's
elections as many as 100,000 protesters
marched in the streets of Hong Kong and
the reforms were eventually rejected the
following year a poll from 2016
roughly 17% of Hongkongers support
independence by 2050 although among
those aged 15 to 24 roughly 40%
supported independence mainland China
and Hong Kong have different histories
cultures and demographics and yet they
also hold strong trade and travel
relationships this crossover has been
ripe for cultural clashes but the real
distaste between the two is political
what each side owes the other and how
much control china seeks to exert on
Hong Kong are delicate issues with no
clear answers as they struggle to find a
middle ground there's no question that
more disagreements and protests hang on
the horizon this episode is brought to
you by Squarespace creating a website
with Squarespace is simple and there's
no coding required you get a custom
domain for free if you sign up for a
year on Squarespace calm and if you
enter offer code seeker daily at
checkout you get 10% off Squarespace set
your website apart Hong Kong isn't
China's only contentious and autonomous
region the conflict between China and
Taiwan actually led to the formation of
both governments in the mid 20th century
and since then they've shown endless
animosity towards each other learn more
about their tenuous relationship in this
video in 1949 during the Chinese Civil
War the Communist Party forced the
ruling government of China to flee they
went to Taiwan and X Japanese own
Islands separated from mainland China by
the Taiwan Strait thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
