October 2016 marked 70 years since Nazi
war criminals were prosecuted in what's
been called the biggest murder trial in
history 13 trials held in the German
town of Nuremberg sparked a new era of
international human rights law
so what were the Nuremberg trials well
during World War two Adolf Hitler's Nazi
regime systematically murdered an
estimated 11 million people more than
half of whom were European Jews
throughout the war the Allied powers
which included the United States Great
Britain and the Soviet Union issued
regular warnings to the German
government promising to punish its mass
killing and other heinous war crimes but
with the war over in 1945 Allied leaders
were not sure how to do this as there
was no precedent for trying
international crimes of this proportion
Joseph Stalin suggested summarily
killing as many as a hundred thousand
officers without trial and even Winston
Churchill considered doing so just for
high-ranking members but US leaders
persuaded the Allies to prosecute them
in an actual trial from 1945 to 1949
Nazi Party officials and military
officers as well as German
industrialists doctors and lawyers were
tried at Nuremberg the first and most
infamous trial involved 24 major war
criminals as well as six Nazi
organizations including its secret
police Lingus Topo notably absent was
Hitler and his two highest-ranking
associates as they've committed suicide
just months earlier since this was the
first time that different countries were
simultaneously prosecuting one trial
instead of a single judge or jury the
cases were decided by an international
tribunal and despite the horrific nature
of their crimes US and British law
dictated that the defendants could
choose their own attorneys many of the
Nazis admitted to their crimes but
argued that they were just following
orders which has infamously become known
as the Nuremberg defense another common
claim was that other soldiers had
committed the same acts or worse and yet
were not being held to the same standard
of punishment in the end nearly all were
found guilty about half were sentenced
to death and the rest received prison
terms ranging from 10 years to life in
just one day 10 Nazis were hanged
interestingly Hitler's right-hand man
Hermann Goering
was supposed to be executed but
committed suicide the night before after
the trial of major war criminals 12 more
trials were held at Nuremberg however
they were judged by US military
officials rather than an international
tribunal of the 185 9
see doctors lawyers judges and
businessman that were tried twelve were
given death sentences and 84 were put
behind bars however a majority of those
involved in perpetrating the Holocaust
never went to trial today the Nuremberg
trials are considered a major milestone
in the creation of international law the
event led to the Universal Declaration
of Human Rights and the UN's
establishment of international war
crimes and crimes against humanity
however many have argued that although
Nuremberg rectified some of the worst
atrocities it didn't achieve its larger
goal that is creating a precedent so
that similar crimes don't occur in the
last half century millions of people
have died as a result of genocides in
countries like Rwanda Cambodia and the
former Yugoslavia with few perpetrators
being brought to justice and still even
today war crimes and crimes against
humanity continue around the world the
Nuremberg trials was the first major
investigation of war crimes but what
exactly is a war crime and how do we
prosecute them today
find out in this video crimes against
peace include planning and waging war
crimes against humanity include murder
and slave monta√±as towards civilians and
traditional war crimes include
mistreating prisoners of war destroying
property that's not relevant to war like
Isis destroying historical artifacts and
other violations of wartime laws or
customs thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
