in October 2016 the long reigning king
of Thailand passed away after several
years of health complications the 88
year old king had ruled for the past 70
years meaning that for a vast majority
of the country he's been the only leader
they've ever lived under with the Kings
controversial son taking his place
we wanted to know what will happen to
Thailand's monarchy well Thai royalty is
somewhat unique first besides being one
of the very few remaining monarchies in
the world
Thailand narrows down even further as
one of the only countries left to punish
negative or insulting speech against the
king this is known as leis majesty and
has prevented open discussion of the
former leaders health and potential
succession this inability to discuss
rural issues muddies the waters during a
time of political instability in fact
over the past decades Thailand has
undergone numerous coup d'etats more
than any other country on earth since
1932 they've seen 12 successful and
seven unsuccessful coups particularly as
a result of the extreme political divide
in government one former leader who is a
stood in the coup and is currently in
exile is thought to represent the red
shirts who are working-class
Thais and rural areas they are opposed
to the political elite and conservative
middle class which are supported by the
country's military and bureaucracy just
in 2014 a Constitutional Court removed
the elected prime minister who is
actually the sister of the exiled
redshirt leader following the removal
the country underwent yet another coup
however despite Thailand's numerous coos
the monarchy has remained unchanged
largely because it's more of a
figurehead role than an active political
position and while opinion on the former
king was split the office of the
monarchy was treated with reverence by
many Thai people but now the King's
successor his son threatens to dismantle
that respect the so called millionaire
playboy has been repeatedly embroiled in
scandals including extremely
unflattering photographs of the prince
wearing a belly shirt low-rise jeans and
sporting large tattoos the Prince also
made his poodle a high-ranking member of
the air force internal diplomatic cables
released by WikiLeaks showed some
political elites expressing concern
about the Prince replacing the elderly
King and what that could mean for the
monarchy one major fear by these elites
is that the prince has ties to the
exiled leader of the redshirts which
could severely complicate the existing
split in
others worried that he'll squander the
country's 53 billion dollar business
investment network operated by the royal
crown or worse yet yield control of it
to the redshirts
these fears are likely the reason that
the princes coronation has been
postponed for one year following the
death of the king in the meantime a
high-ranking former adviser to the king
will fulfill the role once crowned
however it'll be on the prince to either
uphold the monarchy with respect or
continue to act controversially and lose
support if you're like me and love
history science and exploration you
should check out discovery go where you
can binge watch all seasons current and
past of your favorite Discovery Channel
shows check out the link in the
description below to learn more
countries like Thailand take
anti-government rhetoric very seriously
in some cases authorities have even
jailed citizens for posting negative
comments on social media so where else
is it illegal to insult the government
find out by watching this video many
Middle Eastern countries and their
neighbors have some form of government
directed censorship including Bahrain
Iran Jordan Kuwait Lebanon and Turkey
among others thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for more videos every day
