since the Syrian civil war and resulting
migrant crisis most of the narrative
around refugees has been the burden they
place on European countries such as
Greece France and the UK but these and
other wealthy nations are actually
absorbing very few people in need in
fact of the 21 million refugees in the
world most are living in just a handful
of countries many of which are suffering
from their own financial and political
problems so we wanted to know which
countries have taken in the most
refugees well a refugee is someone who
is forced to leave because their country
has become too dangerous for instance
from a war or natural disaster as of the
end of 2015
Pakistan hosts about 1.6 million
refugees a vast majority of whom have
entered from neighboring Afghanistan
most fled when the Soviet Union invaded
during the Cold War and as a result a
majority our second and third generation
in the 1970s and 80s the Pakistani
government welcomed Afghan refugees
allowing them to open businesses and
settle with local populations however as
more and more arrived and relations
between Pakistan and Afghanistan decline
Pakistan gradually changed its tune in
December 2015
it gave all refugees six months to leave
later extending the deadline another six
months more than 250,000 have since
returned to Afghanistan most of whom
were not even born there another
destination for refugees is Turkey which
hosts an estimated 3 million asylum
seekers as of June 2016
while roughly 90 percent are from Syria
many are from Afghanistan Iraq Iran and
Somalia over the course of 2014 and 2015
nearly 1 million migrants and refugees
fled turkey for Greece or other European
countries often taking dangerous and
unorthodox routes on land or sea after
hundreds of deaths the EU and Turkey
brokered a deal in which all migrants
attempting to settle in Greece would be
returned to Turkey in exchange
Turkey got a number of benefits
including more than six and a half
billion dollars for resettlement efforts
the idea was that Turkey would be a safe
haven for migrants to resettle however
it has
we played out that way Turkish officials
have reportedly failed to provide asylum
seekers with adequate aid and have even
shipped many to other war-torn countries
like turkey Jordan hosts more refugees
than just about any other country nearly
three million refugees live in Jordan a
majority of whom live in urban areas
below the national poverty line more
than 2 million are Palestinian most of
whom settled in Jordan after it occupied
and annexed the West Bank in the mid
20th century but some are actually
Palestinian Syrians who fled from the
Syrian civil war making them double
refugees in 2014 Jordan closed its
border with Syria and in 2016 Jordan's
King Abdullah ii announced that the
country had reached a boiling point and
that it could no longer provide aid to
refugees without further help from the
international community world leaders
have met countless times to come up with
a permanent solution to the global
refugee crisis however no tangible plan
has been put in place for instance the
UK has taken in just eight thousand
refugees since 2011 while its population
is ten times bigger than Jordan's with
few world powers willing to take in
anywhere near the amount of refugees
living in Pakistan Turkey or Jordan
these asylum seekers will continue to
live in a state of uncertainty if you're
like me and you love history science and
exploration you should check out
discovery go where you can binge watch
all seasons current and pass of your
favorite Discovery Channel shows check
out the link in the description below to
learn more millions of refugees are
fleeing from conflicts all over the
world but when these men women and
children leave their home country what
rights do they still have find out in
this video those rights were outlined in
the UN's 1951 Refugee Convention which
was originally created to help Europe
cope with millions of stateless people
following World War Two according to the
convention if a displaced person faces
persecution on the basis of their
beliefs or identity they are legally
allowed to enter a foreign country to
ask for asylum additionally this host
country is not allowed to send them back
to their home state if their life or
freedom would be threatened thanks for
watching seeker daily please don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos
those everyday
