horrible traffic is intrinsically tied
to Los Angeles the city was one of the
first to introduce freeways and today
its residents spend an average of 90
hours a year stuck in delays but la is
far from the most congested city in the
world
so which cities have the worst traffic
well one perpetually gridlocked city is
Istanbul according to data from the
navigation company TomTom traffic keeps
Istanbul drivers on the road an extra
178 hours a year that's more than a full
week just sitting in your car the city's
excessive traffic is primarily a result
of its rapidly growing population which
in the latter half of the 20th century
increased more than tenfold today the
majority of Istanbul is 14 million
residents use a car as the primary mode
of transportation since public transit
is notoriously inefficient the problem
is only exacerbated by the city's aging
infrastructure and roads that date back
to before cars even existed to combat
the issue Turkish officials have gone
too bold arguably extreme measures not
only do they plan to build new bridges
and hundreds of miles of Metro lines but
also an underwater highway and a vehicle
shipping service in which large trucks
roll onto a ship bypassing the city
altogether another particularly
congested city is Indonesia's capital
Jakarta roughly three million commuters
enter the city every workday growing its
population by nearly a third an
overwhelming majority of these commuters
must travel by private vehicle as
Jakarta is one of the only major cities
in the world with no rapid transit
system in the 1990s Indonesian officials
attempted to mitigate Jakarta's traffic
problems with a so-called three-in-one
system prohibiting cars with fewer than
three passengers from taking major roads
during peak commuting hours not only did
the policy fail to ease traffic but it
spawned an illicit carpool economy in
which lone drivers pay roadside jockeys
to ride with them in order to reach that
three passenger minimum the jockeys were
often young boys and girls or women with
children and fearing exploitation the
government scrapped the policy in May
2016 but perhaps the most congested
urban area in the world is Mexico City
where according to TomTom data drivers
are on the road in additional 219 hours
a year
the main problem besides the city's
enormous population is that very few
people live near their work for instance
in the city's commercial hub just 7,000
housing units are occupied while more
than 850,000 people commute to that
district every day
city officials have proposed a number of
prospective solutions one of which is an
elevated monorail with gondolas allowing
people to float over the congested
freeways the project is still in its
early stages but if it does go through
planners say it could transport up to
200 million passengers a year in these
cities as well as Bangkok Moscow Dhaka
and Rio de Janeiro the problems around
traffic go way beyond longer commute
times excessive congestion leads to more
traffic related deaths increased air
pollution and a slew of economic
problems with each city's population
continuing to rise its citizens will
likely continue to spend hours of their
day in gridlock we can't do episodes
like this without our sponsors if you
listen to music and podcasts and are
looking for a new Bluetooth speaker
check out monster's reimagine boombox
the monster blaster available for
monthly payments starting at $25 with
deep pounding bass the monster blaster
has the power to bring music to life
indoors and out check it out at the
monster blaster calm slash seeker no US
cities were mentioned in the video but
many experience crippling gridlock on a
regular basis particularly those that
don't have an efficient bus or subway
system so why is the United States so
far behind when it comes to public
transit find out more in this video in
major cities like Los Angeles car
traffic constantly clogs the freeways
even the New York City Transit System
which can serve up to 6 million
commuters on a busy day is known to many
as being dirty unreliable and
underfunded thanks for watching seeker
daily everyone don't forget to Like and
subscribe so you get new videos from us
every day
