Saudi Arabia and Iran are bitter rivals
clashing politically and ideologically
for decades in September 2016 Iran's
Ayatollah blamed Saudi authorities for
the deaths of hundreds of Muslims during
a stampede at the previous year's Hajj
pilgrimage in his response Saudi
Arabia's Grand Mufti said he was not
surprised by the accusation as it came
from the descendants of zoroastrians who
are not Muslim Iran was indeed
originally made up of followers of
Zoroastrianism and we wanted to know
what exactly is this unique religion
well Zoroastrianism is one of the
world's oldest monotheistic religions
predating Christianity Islam and even
Judaism it was founded by the Prophet
SAW roster roughly 3,500 years ago in
what is today Iran Zoroastrianism was
the official religion of pre-islamic
Iranian empires from roughly 650 to 600
BC and was at one point one of the most
dominant faiths in the world however
today it's rare to find most recent
estimates place the number of followers
at about 200,000 with most living in
India and Iran Zoroastrianism ASDA or
wise Lord they believe that he created
the world and designed it to exist and
evolved in a way that is perfect and
righteous the so called law of Asha is
what Zoroastrian see as the ideal way
that life should be and every day they
affirm this goal in their most basic
prayer called a Shambo who as one of the
early pioneers of dualism Zoroastrians
believed that everything in the world
exists within moral opposites such as
good and evil or heaven in hell they
believe in free will and that good
thoughts good words and good deeds will
repel evil forces and thus bring them
closer to the perfect divine life after
death humans purportedly confront these
choices before a heavenly tribunal who
then deliver them to Zoroastrianism z'
own version of heaven or hell translated
as the excellent abode and the worst
existence for spell
it's no coincidence that these ideas are
also pillars of succeeding monotheistic
faith Islam Christianity and Judaism are
all said to be influenced by Zoroastrian
beliefs of a single deity a dualistic
universe and a final judgment day that
said Duralast Rian's are unique in a
number of ways for instance they're
known for their fascination with fire
which they see as a symbol of the divine
because of its warmth and light the
religion also emphasizes individual
rather than group worship
so most adherents choose to pray at home
rather than at a place of worship like a
church or temple when they do gather
it's usually for holidays or
coming-of-age ceremonies which some
compare to a Jewish Bar and Bat Mitzvah
and although Zoroastrianism promotes
good behavior
unlike other religions it doesn't
prescribe a moral code of conduct or a
long list of rules over the last few
centuries the number of Zoroastrians has
dropped dramatically as a result of
oppression forced conversions at
migration India which is home to the
majority of followers sees roughly 10
percent fewer Zoroastrians every decade
according to a report by UNESCO
what's more the religion has been
struggling to adapt to modern times
without losing its unique cultural
identity if the religion continues to
decline at its current rate
Xaro Austrian ISM may soon be something
we only read about in history books
Zoroastrianism emphasis on positivity
and non-violence is hardly unique many
faced promote peace and yet countless
people around the world continue to be
marginalized jailed or even killed in
the name of religion so what are the
most peaceful religions
learn more in this video Hinduism has
long been identified as nonviolent
largely due to the influence of the
pacifist Mahatma Gandhi however even
within the religion violence may be used
to protect oneself or one's country one
Hindu god states that violence is
necessary in the defense of justice and
does not conflict with a spiritual life
and even Gandhi himself was killed by a
fellow Hindu thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
