in September 2016 India introduced the
world's first vaccine for leprosy an
infectious disease that causes numbness
in the limbs and ulcers on the skin
leprosy has existed for thousands of
years and has even mentioned in the
Bible throughout history the disease has
been so feared that those infected are
often quarantined in self-imposed or
state-mandated colonies but today
leprosy is easily curable and very rare
however a few of these so called leper
colonies still exist so where are these
quarantine sites and why do we still
have them well in 2000 the World Health
Organization declared leprosy officially
eliminated finding just one infected
person for every 10,000 people since
then the number of new cases has
continued to decrease nevertheless a few
quarantine communities still exist as
many leprosy victims actually quarantine
themselves
fearing ostracism from their community
today more than 200,000 new cases a year
are reported and more than half are in
India which is why roughly 700 of these
informal leper colonies are thought to
exist in the country in some parts of
India leprosy is equated with the lowest
societal caste Untouchables those who
have or once I've had the disease are
known to be fired from their jobs
evicted from their homes and abandoned
by friends family and spouses much of
this stigma comes from discriminatory
laws which dictate that those with
leprosy can't obtain a driver's license
or write on trains and in some areas
they're even barred from public office
or voting the u.s. state of Hawaii also
has remnants of a once state controlled
leper colony in 1865 the then autonomous
island began forcibly banishing those
suspected of having leprosy to a
contained community in Molokai one of
the lesser-known islands the program was
highly controversial as families were
split up and children were forced to
grow up in relative isolation
nevertheless it continued for more than
a century during which time an estimated
8,000 people were exiled in 1969 a full
ten years after Hawaii gained statehood
the US government finally lifted the law
and the inhabitants were free to go
but perhaps surprisingly about half
chose to stay and as of 2015 six leprosy
patients still live on the island
in the u.s. leprosy never quite became
an epidemic still anyone who is
diagnosed with the disease was required
by law to be quarantined and treated in
a small town in Louisiana called
Carville
at its height the Carville leprosarium
housed up to about 500 patients all of
whom were encouraged to change their
name and forfeit all personal
relationships
the US government stopped sending
patients to Carville in 1999 however
like Molokai some residents chose to
stay one particularly harsh country for
those with leprosy was Japan during the
second half of the 20th century the
Japanese government rounded up thousands
of infected people and sent them to
remote quarantine sites where they were
subject to prison like conditions for
sterilization and abortions the
treatments were so harsh that the
families of victims filed a class-action
lawsuit against the government in 2016
the first effective drug to fight
leprosy was introduced in the 1940s and
over the past two decades more than 16
million people have been cured of the
disease most leper colonies have slowly
been converted to museums and state-run
historical sites but although leprosy is
no longer a threat to public health the
stigma around it remains most state-run
leper colonies have been closed for
decades but the disease can still be
found in most countries even the United
States so what exactly is leprosy and
why are people still contracting it find
out in this video from dnews it's
official name is Hansen's disease after
the scientists who discovered its
causative agent Myo bacterium leprae
this bacteria spreads mostly through
direct contact with saliva or mucus but
also through certain animals such as
armadillos which have an ideal body
temperature to keep the bacteria alive
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for more
videos every day
you
