in the united states creationism is
generally associated with christianity
but the belief actually appears in a
number of other faiths so what exactly
is creationism well in a broad sense a
creationist is a person who believes
that God is the absolute creator of the
universe and all life and as such can
choose to intervene as needed there are
many types of creationists but in
Christianity they generally come in
three forms some are old earth
creationists who believe that while the
universe was created by God the process
of this creation should not be taken
literally under this pretext old earth
creationists believe that the universe
is in fact billions of years old while
the theory of evolution is questionable
by comparison young earth creationists
argue that God created the earth within
the last 10,000 years as described in
Genesis with the intention of it
appearing much older old and young Earth
Creationism
are collectively known as literalist
creationism and their adherents are
infamous for disregarding scientific
theories like evolution a 2014 Gallup
poll suggested that 42% of Americans
subscribe to these beliefs
the third slightly less common type is
neo creationism which is the belief that
mainstream science is actually a
reflection of God's work however while
they believe that life evolves they
subscribe this is the work of an
intelligent designer or all-knowing
deity rather than natural selection for
decades neo creationists have distanced
themselves from literal creationists
selling the idea that creationism should
exist harmoniously with science politics
and education creationists and even neo
creationist ideas are also found in
Islam although the Quran does not have
its own book of Genesis it does have a
comparatively vague account of creation
which has been interpreted in a number
of different ways some Muslims believe
that modern science and evolutionary
theory coincide with Quranic teachings
while others believe that evolution in
Islam cannot coexist this Islamic
creationist movement has grown in recent
years and is especially prevalent in
Turkey where according to a 2008 poll
just a quarter of the population believe
in evolution the story of creation is
also a subject of debate in the Jewish
community some Jews
the ultra-orthodox implicitly accept
creationism and have gone as far as
banning Jewish books that support
evolutionary theory however although
Jews adhere to the book of Genesis many
reject the biblical account of creation
arguing that it is an ancient document
that should not be taken literally and
that a universe created in six days is
implausible in fact a 2016 Pew poll
suggested that more than half of Israeli
Jews believed in evolution the same
could be said for many Christians and
Muslims who believe that the religious
account of creation and the science of
evolution are both morally permissible
theories for the origins of the universe
and with the rise of neo creationism and
similar movements we may one day see a
world where religion and science can
coexist peacefully this episode is
brought to you by Squarespace
creating a website with Squarespace is
simple there is no coding required you
get a custom domain for free if you sign
up for a year on Squarespace calm and if
you enter the offer code seeker daily at
checkout you'll get 10% off Squarespace
set your website apart church and state
are separated in the US but some public
schools still teach creationism to learn
why on how creationism is taught in
schools watch this video here in
Tennessee and Louisiana schools have
state laws allowing teachers to address
alternatives to evolution without
advocating them in Texas and Arkansas
charter schools reportedly use textbooks
that support creationist views then in
10 other states including Florida
Georgia Indiana and Ohio private schools
including religious institutions still
teach creationism thanks for checking
out seeker daily today don't forget to
Like and subscribe so you get new videos
from us every day
