during the opening ceremony of the 2016
Summer Games more than 10,000 athletes
from 207 teams paraded into the Rio de
Janeiro Stadium but many viewers were
puzzled as the teams appeared to have
come out in the wrong order in fact it
was alphabetical order according to the
native language of Brazil which is
Portuguese Brazil is the only country in
Latin America that uses Portuguese not
Spanish as its primary language so why
do Brazilians speak Portuguese well it
all stems back to the late 15th century
when Christopher Columbus and other
voyagers were exploring the Atlantic
soon after Columbus discovered the new
world Spain rush to secure sovereignty
over it before any other countries
namely Portugal could do the same so in
1494 Spain and Portugal signed the
Treaty of Tordesillas which divided
their claims along the line of
demarcation Spain was given exclusive
rights to all lands west of the line
while Portugal was free to conquer
anything to the east
this arrangement paved the way for Spain
to colonize much of what is today Latin
America which is why those countries
speak Spanish meanwhile Portugal was
only given a sliver of land off the
Atlantic what is today the east coast of
Brazil
although present-day Brazil was
officially discovered and claimed by
Portugal in the year 1500 the Portuguese
left it largely unoccupied until around
1530 the countries renewed interest in
the region was due to Brazil would a
unique tree found on the coast that can
be processed into bright red dye this is
as you might guess how Brazil got its
name but interestingly Brazil would
didn't turn out to be all that
significant to Brazil's development
instead the colonies cash crop was
sugarcane in the late 16th century sugar
was in high demand and Brazil's economy
relied heavily on it so when other
European powers began competing with
Brazil's monopolies Brazilian plantation
owners began migrating inland in search
of more fertile land through these
expeditions gold was discovered and in
the late 1600s a gold rush ensued
this led to further expansion and over
the next century the borders of modern
Brazil were drawn roughly a century
later Brazil gained full independence of
course the Portuguese didn't really
discover Brazil when they first arrived
millions of indigenous people were
already living in the region
the Portuguese enslaved the native
population almost immediately
however when tensions flared between
native groups and colonizers the
Portuguese began importing slaves from
Africa over the course of roughly three
centuries Brazil imported an estimated 4
million African slaves so many that at
one point they outnumbered immigrants
five to one as history unfolded what was
once European Portuguese adopted bits
and pieces of dialects from other
languages first from natives and from
African slaves and finally European
immigrants today Brazilian and European
Portuguese have slight differences in
grammar and vocabulary and major
differences in pronunciation
nevertheless the languages remain very
similar if you're a fan of history and
exploration you should definitely check
out discovery go you can watch all your
favorite Discovery Channel shows anytime
anywhere and you can download it for
free at your app store click the link
below to learn more throughout history
the Amazon in Brazil has been a source
of mystery to explorers who have
attempted to navigate its Riedl terrain
to learn why explorers refer to the
Amazon as the green hell watch our video
here in 1617 British adventurer Sir
Walter Raleigh led his own trip to find
El Dorado City he failed utterly
returned home to England and was
promptly beheaded for picking fights
with Spanish during the trip in 1913
former US President Teddy Roosevelt led
an expedition to map one of the Amazons
tributaries he did succeed but not
before one of his comrades had murdered
another and he himself had almost died
from an infected wound
thank you for watching seeker daily
please make sure to LIKE and subscribe
to see new videos every day
