in 1998 the United States passed the
Iraq liberation act it established a
policy of support for regime change in
Iraq twelve years later and more than a
trillion dollars later the u.s. started
winding down its occupation of Iraq
having expanded the original mission
from supporting regime change to
outright invasion and occupation
far-reaching and broad foreign goals are
always under threat of mission creep as
has been seen in Iraq so what exactly is
mission creep well in the scope of
foreign policy mission creep is when
military action or diplomacy move beyond
the original intention or framework the
term was first used in 1993 but the
concept has been present in most wars
and interventions the potential for
mission creep is always present due to
the complexity of actually accomplishing
the original goals for example in 2013
in Syria and Iraq
President Obama repeatedly promised no
boots on the ground in relation to the
Isis intervention but as of 2016 the
widening scope of the intervention as
well as the rise of extremist militants
have led to more than 5,000 u.s.
servicemembers in Iraq and about 300 in
Syria somewhat similarly the 2011
intervention in Libya was widely
considered an example of mission creep
originally the UN adopted a resolution
calling for a ceasefire in the Libyan
Civil War creating a no-fly zone
strengthening an arms embargo and
perhaps most relevantly defending
civilians unless it meant introducing a
foreign occupation force however despite
Muammar Gaddafi's promise to accept the
ceasefire troops from the UK Italy
France Jordan Qatar and the United Arab
Emirates entered Libya to enforce the
resolution some including political
activist Noam Chomsky maintained that
this intervention actually violated the
original UN resolution even though it
was ostensibly for the benefit of
protecting civilians the eventual regime
change was not part of the UN resolution
but due to mission creep ended up as an
unavoidable repercussions of the
invasion mission creep is dangerous as
it can continue with every military
success until a massive military failure
the war in Iraq is an extreme example of
mission creep and has ultimately become
a major criticism of u.s. foreign policy
even with outlined limits
in the Libya UN resolution mission creep
can still occur mission creep has
actually led to quite a number of
invasions with one of the most notable
occupiers being the United States so
which countries has the u.s. actually
invaded find out by watching this video
in the past five years the US has ramped
up its efforts in the Middle East while
attempting to fight against Isis
American troops have since been sent to
Syria Jordan Turkey Iraq and Libya
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
