Germany's president announced that he
would not serve a second term this has
little implication for the people as
Germany like most countries in the world
alots most power to its Chancellor or
Prime Minister so why do some countries
have both a president and a prime
minister and what is the difference
between two well to start the powers and
responsibilities of presidents and prime
ministers vary as different countries
follow different government
infrastructures but in general the
distinction can be found in their
respective paths to power presidents are
typically elected by the people
whereas Prime Minister's are usually
elected by a legislative body of which
they are already a member another
important distinction is their position
in the political system presidents are
usually heads of state which means they
hold the highest ranking political
position and act as the official
representative of that country prime
ministers on the other hand are known as
heads of government as they solely
oversee the legislative body they were
elected by and unlike presidents prime
ministers can take on more than one role
for instance Israel's Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu is also the Minister
of Communications the economy the
Interior Foreign Affairs and regional
cooperation while Israel's president can
only act as the head of state but in
certain countries without PM's like the
United States Brazil and South Africa
presidents act as both head of state and
head of government most countries have
either a president or prime minister
which can also be called a Chancellor
premier or chief executive but some have
boats with one holding considerably less
power this is true in Germany where the
president has a limited role in everyday
politics and instead serves as a
figurehead at official gatherings and in
matters of international law in fact his
role is not unlike that of the Queen of
England as both are considered heads of
state and are tasked with appointing the
Prime Minister or in Germany's case the
Chancellor
so which position is more powerful well
in a system that has both there is no
question that the Prime Minister holds
more power but when compared to the
President of the United States the
answer isn't so cut-and-dry one could
argue that prime ministers are more
powerful as they don't have the same
checks and balances that the u.s.
president does for instance in the
United Kingdom the PM can appoint
dismiss and otherwise shuffle around cab
members and ministers by comparison the
US Senate has the power to impeach a
president while the President cannot
remove individual members of Congress
what's more a PM's power is not offset
by other branches of government unlike
the u.s. president whose power is
checked and balanced by the legislative
and judicial branches today most
countries appoint a prime minister to
their most powerful office rather than a
president but whatever their title may
be there is no question that both
positions are extraordinarily powerful
most countries have long since developed
their government's away from monarchies
and towards presidents and prime
ministers but why are some countries
still ruled by kings and queens and how
much power do they really hold in the
modern world find out in this video
nations like Swaziland and Qatar have
hereditary rulers who exert full control
over legislative executive and judicial
branches of government one of the most
successful absolute monarchies is in
Vatican City which is governed by the
Pope the rest are primarily in the
Middle East and Africa these nations
tend to be plagued by human rights
abuses because there aren't sufficient
checks on the Monarchs supreme power
thanks for watching seeker daily
everyone don't forget to Like and
subscribe so you get new videos from us
every day
