in May of 2016 one of the most famous
motor races in the world was held in the
tiny country of Monaco despite its size
the Monaco Grand Prix is one of the top
three highest prestige events in the
sport and has one of the least
conventional tracks which runs
throughout the actual streets of Monaco
but the microstate is known for more
than just racing so how powerful is
Monaco well Monaco is bordered on three
sides by France and size-wise it's not
only small it's actually the second
smallest sovereign country on earth
after Vatican City although it's about
four and a half times the size of the
papal Enclave Monaco takes up less than
one square mile of space and it has a
population of less than 40,000 people as
a result of its extremely small size
it's the single most densely populated
independent state in the world
additionally Monaco is arguably the
richest country in the world or at least
the country where the richest people
live although its GDP is only about 6
billion dollars that comes down to more
than 160,000 dollars per person the
highest per capita GDP on earth and
that's not just a statistical fluke
caused by its size as one of the most
premier luxury destinations one in three
residents of Monaco is a millionaire in
a country known for high-stakes gambling
high-speed racing and no income tax
whatsoever it's not hard to see why the
wealthy flocked to Monaco in 1861 Monaco
was established as an independent
country in the franco Monegasque treaty
then in 1918 the treaty was updated to
include a provision for France to take
care of Monaco's basic military needs as
long as it aligned with France's
political military and economic
interests additionally Monaco became a
full member of the United Nations in
1993 and it's able to directly appeal to
the Intergovernmental body Monaco
actually has the largest per capita
police presence in the world with
roughly one officer for every 100
residents what's also fascinating is
Monaco is one of only three European
states to still maintain an active royal
family as it is a constitutional
monarchy the Prince of Monaco is the
country's head of state and he splits
power with the 24 member Parliament the
Prince also has control over the Monaco
judiciary
clearly Monaco comes in at the top of
most lists due to its tiny size and full
sovereign status but despite the high
proportion of millionaires living in the
city-state and the highest life
expectancy in the world
Monaco itself has little international
influence more realistically although it
is somewhat self-sufficient it still
relies on France for public
transportation military protection and
it's even switched to the euro so it may
make more sense to ask how powerful is
France luckily we've got an answer for
you check out this video to learn about
Frances social economic and military
power as a permanent member of the
United Nations Security Council France
can exert veto power and are on equal
footing with Russia the US China and the
UK so it would be difficult for a
un-backed coalition to move against
France or its interests thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
