2015 was a troubling year for the global
economy
political turmoil falling oil prices and
decreasing demand for commodities
affected ostensibly every country in the
world some country struggled so much
that Bloomberg dubbed them as having
quote the world's most miserable
economies in its annual misery index so
which economies top that list and why
are they so miserable well the label is
based on the two factors that affect
daily life the most inflation and
unemployment
according to Bloomberg's report South
Africa is among the worst this may come
as a surprise as its economy is Africa's
most industrial and second-largest but
2015 was a particularly tough year
demand plummeted for its two largest
exports gold and platinum and severe
droughts warded the country's
agricultural output by early 2016 a
quarter of South Africans were
unemployed and the currency had reached
an all-time low on top of this South
Africa's government is riddled with
corruption allegations at every level in
early 2016 the country's President Jacob
Zuma was found guilty of violating the
Constitution when he funneled more than
20 million dollars of state money into
his own home for so-called
security upgrades these upgrades
included a pool a visitor's center and a
chicken coop slightly more miserable
than South Africa was Argentina which
suffers from one of the highest rates of
inflation in the world stemming back to
2001 when the country effectively
declared bankruptcy since then consumer
prices have risen anywhere from 10 to
almost 40 percent every year
Argentina's inflation has had other
unforeseen consequences one of which is
an increase in robbery because the
interest rates has been below the
inflation rate many Argentinians have
kept their savings in cash instead of
bank accounts as a result the country is
one of the highest robbery rates in
Latin America but beyond Argentina and
leading the misery index by a large
margin is Venezuela which saw inflation
reached an estimated 150 percent in 2015
Venezuela's export economy is 95 percent
dependent on
petroleum and with oil prices dropping
around the world
it has decimated the country's economy
as of early 2016 the country owed more
than ten billion dollars in debt
payments and due to such high inflation
currency coins have been effectively
worthless since October of 2015
Venezuela's economic downturn together
with a drought that drained the
country's hydroelectric dams has
resulted in a food shortage and a major
electricity crisis to combat food
stockpiling the state enforces a strict
rationing system that only allows
citizens to grocery shop on certain days
of the week and to save electricity the
government reduced the work week to just
two days for state employees and ordered
that all clocks be turned forward by a
half hour so there's more sunlight in
the evening and less need to turn on the
lights the president of Venezuela even
asked women to stop using hair dryers
and let their hair dry naturally instead
this is likely just the beginning of a
miserable chapter for Venezuela
Argentina and South Africa Venezuela and
Argentina stopped releasing inflation
data in 2015 but economists predict that
both countries will continue to see
inflation grow in Venezuela possibly by
as much as 700% in South Africa's poor
economic outlook has led foreign
investors to withdraw money from the
country there's no question all three
will face major economic challenges in
the coming years as the demand for oil
decreases Venezuela is turning to
extreme measures to salvage its economy
check out this video for an in-depth
look at the role oil has played in this
crisis with one of the largest oil
reserves in the world Venezuela relies
heavily on oil exports in fact oil
generates around 95 percent of its hard
currency income thanks for watching
don't forget to subscribe to seeker
daily for new videos every day
