in early 2016 China began construction
on its first major overseas military
base perhaps surprisingly the location
was Djibouti a tiny nation on the Horn
of Africa
although the move was somewhat
unexpected it wasn't unprecedented as a
number of world powers including the
United States France and Japan already
have outposts in the country so of all
places why Djibouti
well Djibouti is prime real estate the
country is in close proximity to hot
beds in Africa and the Middle East
including Somalia Sudan and Yemen that
means security forces in Djibouti are
just minutes away from a number of
conflict zones in 2012 US Navy SEALs
stationed in Djibouti rescued two aid
workers in Somalia a mission experts say
it would have been close to impossible
had they been stationed elsewhere the
USS military base in Djibouti Camp
Lemonnier is crucial to maintaining its
interests in the Middle East including
the war on terror in Syria and Iraq in
2013 it was estimated that Camp
Lemonnier deploys and lands up to 16
drones to the region each day Djibouti
is also convenient to the Suez Canal
which is one of the world's busiest and
most valuable shipping routes with
nearly a billion tons of goods passing
through every year the waterway is a
target for pirates most of whom come
from neighboring Somalia the splits
Djibouti at the center of the
international effort to protect security
in the region on top of this Djibouti is
a relatively peaceful country and their
leaders are very welcoming to foreign
military bases in fact France Spain and
Japan all built outposts in Djibouti
under direct invitation from the
government it's not difficult to imagine
why Djibouti is so welcoming as foreign
military bases serve as an economic
lifeline to the otherwise impoverished
country the u.s. reportedly pays
Djibouti seventy million dollars per
year in rent and China is slated to pay
upwards of 100 million that's big money
for a country with a GDP of just one and
a half billion dollars so in many ways
djibouti's military bases are a win-win
situation
Djibouti makes money and the world
powers have a safe haven among war-torn
regions but some have criticized this
cozy relationship saying it leads to
Western apathy in the face of djibouti's
assault on Free Press and Democracy
djibouti's current president has
the country's constitution to extend his
reign despite public opposition and he's
been called a dictator by much of the
international media but world powers
like China and Saudi Arabia are still
planning outposts in the country and the
u.s. is nowhere near the end of its two
decade lease as a result Djibouti will
likely remain a gem in the eyes of the
West the US military has haunted the
bases in almost 150 nations but are they
all as welcoming as Djibouti find out by
watching our video at the top and to see
which countries spend the most on their
militaries you can check out the video
at the bottom thanks for watching seeker
daily make sure to LIKE and subscribe
for new videos every day
