US President Barack Obama's oldest
daughter Malia will begin studying at
Harvard University in 2017
Malia will join a long line of
presidents children who have studied at
the elite group of universities known as
the Ivy League so what is the appeal of
an Ivy League education and why are
these schools so powerful
well the Ivy League is synonymous with
elitism and prestige and it's schools
are generally regarded as some of the
best in the world the origin of Ivy
League is still a matter of debate
however one theory attributes the name
to the Roman numeral four four or IV
which represents the original four
institutions today the official Ivy
League encompasses eight private
universities in the Northeast United
States although their reputations and
rankings vary Ivy League schools are
collectively known for having high
tuition demanding curriculum slim
acceptance rates and enormous financial
endowments together the eight schools
endowments add up to nearly a hundred
and twenty billion dollars that's
roughly equal to the entire worth of the
u.s. state of Arkansas Harvard leads the
pack by a large margin
reporting a nearly forty billion dollar
endowment in 2015 of course this only
represents the university's donated
assets which excludes their property
tuition earnings athletic income and the
millions of dollars they receive in
federal and state grants that means that
an Ivy League schools total worth is
much much higher than its publicly
disclosed endowment the majority of
their donations come from alumni for
instance at Princeton nearly half of all
graduates eventually give back to the
University and because the average
mid-career salary for Ivy League is more
than a hundred thousand dollars a year
these contributions are often huge sums
of money sometimes millions of dollars
what's more these institutions have a
way of holding on to their money despite
seemingly high operating costs they do
this in part by spending only about 5%
of their annual endowment investing the
rest right back into the school and
unlike other private institutions their
capital gains go untaxed but perhaps
even more powerful than their large
endowment is their alumni
among them are powerful business people
like Warren Buffett and Amazon founder
Jeff Bezos as well as UN Secretary
General
ban ki-moon and 15 US presidents Harvard
alone has produced more than 150 Nobel
laureates more than any other American
University this impressive pool of
alumni is in part what makes an Ivy
League degree so valuable
the designation implies a level of
prestige that can link to lucrative or
otherwise successful careers in fact the
Department of Education reported that
the median annual income for Ivy League
graduates after 10 years is more than
double that of grads from all other
higher education institutions but the
benefits of an Ivy League degree are not
accessible to all or even most Americans
although these universities often
describe themselves as melting pots
nearly half of their students are white
and about the same proportion come from
wealthy families in the top 4 percent
while this is not necessarily diverse
it's still a vast improvement over the
Ivy League's long history of exclusivity
for instance many of these schools only
started accepting women in the last few
decades like Columbia which began
admitting women in 1983 with the power
to shape the next generation of world
leaders the Ivy League is under more
pressure than ever to reconsider who
they let in and perhaps more importantly
who they leave out Ivy League or not
learning is still a complicated process
especially if you're an over-thinker
learn more about the science of learning
in this video by dnews when humans are
exposed to a new task almost our entire
brain is active and desperately trying
to make sense and associations from the
new input as we get better at that task
and figure it out this global network
activity gets pruned to only what we
need specifically for task performance
thanks for watching test-tube news don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
