in April 2016 Armenia and Azerbaijan
opened fire on one another rekindling a
bloody war over their borders the two
countries have been rivals since their
founding nearly a century ago and even
after more than a dozen cease fires have
repeatedly clashed over long-standing
regional disputes so why do Armenia and
Azerbaijan hate each other well the two
were actually once part of a larger
country the Transcaucasian Federation in
the aftermath of world war 1 this
country divided into modern-day Georgia
Armenia and Azerbaijan all three of
which were integrated into the Soviet
Union within Azerbaijan the USSR created
an autonomous region for ethnic
Armenians called nagorno-karabakh some
historians speculate that Joseph Stalin
deliberately included this region in
Azerbaijan to appease Turkey hoping that
the country would one day become
communist broader consensus however
suggests that the decision was part of
Stalin's divide and rule strategy thus
insuring Armenian cooperation with the
Soviet Union nagorno-karabakh is still a
highly disputed territory and the crux
of their modern few throughout the 20th
century nagorno-karabakh made several
attempts to unite with Armenia as their
population is by and large ethnically
Armenian seeing the weakening of the
Soviet Union in the late 1980s
nagorno-karabakh held a referendum
declaring themselves a sovereign state
however Azerbaijan promptly rejected
that leading to a six-year war between
the two countries hundreds of thousands
of Armenians fled Azerbaijan and vice
versa and both sides have accused each
other of war crimes including ethnic
cleansing and mutilation an estimated
30,000 lives were lost on both sides by
1994 Armenian forces had taken control
of nagorno-karabakh and much of the
surrounding territory leaving Azerbaijan
about 15 percent smaller after a Russian
brokered ceasefire that same year the
war officially ended and
nagorno-karabakh claimed de facto
but despite the agreement sporadic
violence continued the largest of which
broke out in early 2016
today nagorno-karabakh remains under
Armenian separatist control the region
is relatively small and is only home to
roughly 150,000 people nearly all of
which are ethnically Armenia technically
the country is still part of Azerbaijan
although nagorno-karabakh declared
independence the claim has not been
recognized by any country including
Armenia since the end of the war
Azerbaijan Armenia and nagorno-karabakh
have accepted a number of ceasefire
agreements each one has been broken
however some within minutes of their
signing hazard Bhushan has refused to
negotiate the future of nagorno-karabakh
until Armenia pulls its troops out of
the region but Armenia will not withdraw
forces until there is some form of
resolution creating a frozen conflict
further complicating the matter are
Armenia and Azerbaijan respective allies
Russia and Turkey as a majority
Christian country Armenia is supported
by Russia and much of the West including
the United States asura John on the
other hand enjoys close ties with Turkey
as both a majority Muslim and Turkey is
a longtime enemy of Armenia with no
clear solution or foreseeable end to
this conflict world powers have
generally taken a backseat until
circumstances forced them to act until
they do the danger of yet another
violent uprising will continue to plague
the two nations tensions between Armenia
and Turkey date back to the Ottoman
Empire at the heart of their turbulent
relationship is what is controversially
known as the Armenian Genocide you can
learn more about that in our video at
the top and to find out why Turkey and
other nations still deny the Armenian
Genocide check out our video at the
bottom thanks for watching test-tube
news everyone don't forget to subscribe
so you can get new videos from us every
day
