in December 2015 the International
Monetary Fund welcomed the chinese un
into its elite club of global currencies
this means that the UN also called the
renminbi will join the US dollar euro
British Pound and Japanese yen as the
world's most reliable in freely usable
denominations so what makes a strong
currency well the strength of a currency
is generally measured by its purchasing
power which is the amount of goods or
services that one unit of money can buy
since modern currencies are not backed
by a collateral like gold their value is
entirely dependent on external factors
this would include things like how much
control a government has on the currency
whether or not it has a fair exchange
rate and its long term stability all of
these contribute to a public faith in
the value of a currency for example in
2005 the Turkish government eliminated
six zeros from the lira overnight this
essentially converted 1 million lira to
a single lira and people accepted this
immediately because they had faith in
the economy that was backing it the
number on the bills didn't really matter
overall people tend to have greater
faith in currencies that are widely used
and internationally accepted in that way
a currencies value is not only based on
what you can buy with it but also how
much of the world uses it currencies
that are internationally trusted are
often referred to as hard currencies the
US dollar the Euro the British Pound and
the Japanese yen all fall into this
category because again the governments
and economies that back them are seen as
strong and stable in fact many countries
have abandoned their domestic currency
in favour of hard currency over one
dozen countries and territories have
adopted the US dollar as their own a
process commonly known as dollar izing
moreover both average citizens and
investors tend to prefer hard currencies
during times of political unrest or
global economic instability when rapid
inflation hit Latin America in the 1980s
many people there temporarily switched
to the dollar fearing that their
domestic currencies would continue to go
down in value because of their
consistency and reliability currencies
like the US dollar in the Euro are kept
in huge reserves by nations with minor
Francie's these nations use their
reserve currencies for international
trade or borrowing foreign money US
dollars are the most popular reserve
currency counting for roughly sixty
percent of all global foreign exchange
reserves
what's more the dollar is included in
roughly 90 percent of all international
transactions so how has the Chinese UN
made its way into this elite group of
currencies while the Chinese government
has recently loosened some control over
its currency and built trading hubs in
other countries as a result market
forces will play a bigger role in
setting the value of un and the currency
will be more tradable and less
susceptible to government manipulation
the newly powerful yen is already
gaining ground on the euro and China
hopes that their currency will one day
rival the dollar is the number one
reserve currency however that prospect
remains in the distant future we can't
do videos like this without help from
our sponsors this episode is brought to
you by Squarespace they'll help you
build a website even if you've never
done it before when you sign up for a
year they'll give you a domain name for
free and if you type in test-tube at
checkout you'll get an extra 10% off
Squarespace you should make sure to
check out more test-tube videos like
this one about China's currency
manipulation and how it changed the
nation's financial standing according to
Economic Policy Institute China spent
half a trillion dollars in 2013 alone
purchasing foreign currencies this was
likely to prevent the value of the yuan
from making manufacturing in China less
profitable while attempting to cheapen
the US dollar this type of manipulation
around the world is thought to cost the
u.s. between two point three and five
point eight million jobs as well as
hundreds of billions in trade deficit
thanks for watching test-tube news
everyone don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos from us every
day
