since the late 1700s the world has gone
through three distinct industrial
revolutions first we harnessed steam
power for mechanized production followed
by electricity for mass production and
the most recent has seen electronics
pave the way for automated production
each revolution changed the scope of
human labor dramatically and has been
the most significant force behind
globalization and division of labor
today many are saying that the rapidly
approaching fourth Industrial Revolution
will change everything again so what is
the fourth Industrial Revolution well
technology has increasingly permeated
our lives and there have been rapid
advancements in manufacturing and
artificial intelligence since the third
Industrial Revolution human labor has
bridged the gap between the limits of
technology and the demands of a
developing economy the fourth Industrial
Revolution is closing that gap by
eliminating the need for workers to
operate as middlemen between consumers
and machines that's not good news for
low-skilled and low paid labor as a
result many jobs will be slowly phased
out in favour of high-tech automation
self-driving cars will eliminate the
need for taxi drivers drone delivery
will cut out postal services we've even
seen whole industries like travel
agencies and video rental stores
completely fold in just the last few
years
emerging technologies are already able
to replace a huge number of workers with
the main barrier to full automation
being the initial cost of setting up an
automated infrastructure as that cost
collapses in the coming years the
existing gap between low and high
skilled workers will only grow the
biggest beneficiaries of the fourth
Industrial Revolution will be those who
invest invent and consume most of the
world's existing wealth holders will see
their quality of life improve and costs
of living go down as automation makes
goods and services cheaper however
developing countries with huge pools of
cheap labor such as China and India will
see artificial intelligence and robots
destroy their competitive advantage of
low-cost human capital the World
Economic Forum has already predicted
that by 2020 more than 7 million jobs
will disappear these will be
predominantly in white-collar and
administrative roles while areas like
computing math architecture and
engineering will likely see more jobs
created this shift will
disproportionately affect women as the
benefiting STEM fields already see very
low numbers of female and gay
while women will lose 20 jobs for every
job gain men will only lose 4 while the
4th Industrial Revolution will make it
easier for upper income individuals to
create wealth and focus more so on
technical and creative fields it will
also ride in existing gender and class
gaps with little recourse but frankly
every Industrial Revolution thus far has
encountered these same exact issues
although the negative effects tend to
fall in existing generations subsequent
generations see huge advancements and
prosperity in the near future it'll be
more and more important to stake out a
claim in the online marketplace for help
with that check out this episode
sponsored domain.com the place to go
when that next great idea hits you and
now you're not just limited to calm or
org you can register tons of new domains
under design Club and even dot ninja and
because you know we love our test-tube
audience you can save 20% by using the
coupon code tube at domain comms check
out as we enter the 4th Industrial
Revolution some are saying that the
current economic model has run its
course
so are we nearing the end of capitalism
check out this video to find out major
industries like transportation and
accommodation have been dramatically
overtaken by companies like uber and
Airbnb even knowledge itself has become
shared and editable thanks to Wikipedia
instead of the capitalist ideal of
creating something unique and personally
profiting off of it the evolution of
collaborative open-source projects is
something distinctly new thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day and hey while you're on the internet
why don't you check me out over on the
SourceFed Network where news and comedy
collides seven days a week
you
