in July 2016 the Kingdom of Morocco
petitioned to rejoin the African Union
32 years after it left the organization
over territorial disputes Morocco is the
only country on the continent to ever
separate from the bloc however it has
managed to stay economically strong and
politically stable so we wanted to know
just how powerful is Morocco while
Morocco is the only African nation to
border both the Atlantic Ocean in the
Mediterranean Sea at around a hundred
and seventy two thousand square miles
the country is roughly the size of
California more than half of Morocco's
over 33 million residents live in urban
communities away from its harsh deserts
and mountains while the country blends
Arabic and African cultures it is
religiously homogenous with 99 percent
of its population adhering to Islam
economically Morocco has expanded and
diversified in the last four decades in
the mid 1980s the country was severely
in debt but through privatization and
neoliberal investment policies Morocco
turned its economy around and since 2004
its GDP of more than 100 billion dollars
has almost doubled while the country's
economy relies heavily on its exports
most notably textiles copper wire and
fertilizers other industries are growing
this can be seen in tourism which
accounts for 12% of the country's GDP
and has created 500,000 direct jobs even
with 14 million tourists every year the
government has launched a campaign with
the goal of attracting six million more
visitors by 2020 due to its location
Morocco maintains close ties with the
European Union the country was granted
advanced status from the EU in 2008 and
receives as much as 200 million dollars
from the organization annually Morocco
also keeps close ties with the Islamic
world and is a member of the Arab League
and the Organization of Islamic
Cooperation the country seeks to promote
peace in the Middle East and hopes to
oversee peace talks between Israel and
Palestine Morocco also has the third
largest military in northern Africa with
350,000 personnel the Royal Moroccan
armed forces are controlled by the
country's King and receive an estimated
3.4 billion
annually although the army is reportedly
well trained and has been a part of
peacekeeping missions a strong military
presence is extremely important as it
keeps Morocco largely free of terrorism
especially when compared to nearby Libya
and Mali while the military has not
declared an official war in over 50
years Morocco has been involved in
territorial disputes over the Western
Sahara
since 1975 after it annexed the
territory from neighboring Algeria while
the UN enforces a ceasefire between the
nations moroccan forces have clashed
with protesters in the region leaving
thousands wounded and over a dozen dead
so even with a strong military the
country still faces obstacles namely
income inequality wealth remains in
thriving cities while three million
people in rural communities live below
the poverty line climate change has
affected these largely agricultural
towns leading to financial hardship
however with a strong economy and
political stability there's no doubt
that Morocco is very powerful
territorial disputes have increased
tension between Morocco and its neighbor
Algeria to learn more about their
contentious relationship check out this
video
in 1963 Morocco invaded southern Algeria
and what is known as the sand war
although a ceasefire was reached in 1964
there were already hundreds of
casualties and the war had a large
effect on the two nations diplomatic
attitudes towards each other thanks for
watching seeker daily everyone be sure
to LIKE and subscribe so you get new
videos from us every day
