just days after turkey shot down a
Russian jet Russia's Defense Ministry
accused turkey of taking part in the
Isis oil trade Russian officials
released photographs showing thousands
of tanker trucks headed from Isis
controlled areas into Turkish territory
but Turkey's president has said that
these accusations are slanderous and
that he will resign if they are true so
what's going on is Turkey actually
buying Isis oil well obviously it's a
little complicated nearly half a billion
dollars of oil are somehow being
smuggled out of the Islamic state
according to the US Treasury Department
by the end of 2014 Isis was believed to
control more than half of Syria's oil
fields and several more in Iraq in
February 2015 it was estimated that
roughly forty five thousand barrels of
oil were being processed every day so
what happens to this oil
according to Middle East energy analyst
david butter the oil is refined by paid
engineers while still on Isis territory
these refineries have been the targets
of recent airstrikes by the United
States France and others which has cut
down on potential oil revenue but once
the oil is refined it follows an
existing oil smuggling network
established by Saddam Hussein in the
early 1990s at the time Iraq was under
UN sanctions but relied on a quote
shadow network of smugglers running
through a rock into Turkey these same
roots are believed to be utilized by
Isis according to a former CIA
counterterrorism officer by using
Kurdish territory to move the oil into
Turkey although it's difficult to
determine where the oil ends up it's
believed to make a stop in the city of
Adana in southeast Turkey which is home
to what is called the BTC oil pipeline
an analysis by the University of
Greenwich looked at oil tanker rates
rising and falling at the pipeline's oil
terminal these rates tended to spike
during times when Isis would fight near
oil-producing regions suggesting a link
between Isis oil production and shipping
rates in Turkey the authors of this
study are careful however not to use
this as evidence of the Turkish
government's role in the Isis oil trade
and while most of the actual buying and
selling is believed to occur within
Turkey it's likely among smaller
unaffiliated traders but what is perhaps
more complicated is that Turkey's
president and his family are deeply
intertwined in the country state-owned
energy services including the oil port
in Adana Turkish intelligence services
have also been accused of using Adana to
transfer weapons disguised as
humanitarian aid to terror cells in
Syria in early 2014 to what extent the
Turkish government is involved in the
potential sale of Isis oil is unclear if
at all however the lingering questions
surrounding the shooting down of
Russia's plane coupled with a long
history of politically suspicious
behavior suggest that turkey may not be
as innocent as they claim but oil isn't
the only source of revenue Isis sees to
find out how the terrorist group makes
their money check out this video
isis also made about 125 million dollars
from kidnappings and ransoms between
2008 and 2014 their gruesome execution
videos have pressured multiple countries
into negotiating for the release of
certain prisoners rather than leaving
them to such a horrible fate thanks for
watching test-tube news don't get like
and subscribe for new videos every day
