after years of economic growth China's
renminbi currency also called the yawn
has been added to the list of the elite
global currencies by the International
Monetary Fund alongside the dollar euro
pound and Japanese yen the renminbi is
officially recognized by the IMF to be
safe reliable and freely usable however
despite this designation China has been
known to practice currency manipulation
in an effort to influence the value of
the yuan so what does that mean exactly
how does China manipulate its currency
basically currency manipulation is the
way countries attempt to avoid the
negative market effects of having a
strong currency the value of a currency
is essentially dependent on how much or
how little it is used which in turn is
dependent on how strong a country's
trade balances when China has a trade
surplus people in other countries
basically have to buy Chinese currency
in order to buy Chinese goods with an
increase in demand the price or value of
the currency also goes up
however as currencies get stronger it
becomes more expensive to purchase goods
other cheaper currencies become more
advantageous to spent in a way currency
itself can be viewed as a product whose
price is based on demand as China has
seen rapid and intense
economic growth they've attempted to
spend the inevitable devaluation of
their currency as their trade surplus
grows this is done through currency
manipulation which is when one currency
is used to buy huge amounts of foreign
currency that makes it possible to
prevent the currency from gaining too
much value while also bolstering other
currencies as well and keeping them from
becoming too competitively cheap so how
does this work in action
according to Economic Policy Institute
China spent half a trillion dollars in
2013 alone purchasing foreign currencies
this was likely to prevent the value of
the yuan from making manufacturing in
China less profitable while attempting
to cheapen the US dollar this type of
manipulation around the world is thought
to cost the u.s. between two point three
and five point eight million jobs as
well as hundreds of billions in trade
deficit like all trade relations
currency manipulation is an inherently
self-serving and
additive move by many countries although
China is considered the biggest offender
in August 2015 they devalued their
currency by nearly two percent against
the US dollar
forcing China's trade balance to favor
exports over imports it also shook
global markets and was the country's
biggest one-day drop in 20 years however
both the devaluation and the IMF
designation mean that the yuan is now
less controlled by the Chinese
government as a currency sees greater
scrutiny as an elite global medium
market forces will likely overpower
manipulation but in the end China may
have gotten what it wanted anyway as the
yuan now holds greater weight than
either the pound or the Japanese yen
although it has far to go before
rivaling the dollar its growth seems
inevitable China's currency might have a
huge impact on economies around the
world
so how dependent is the world economy on
China find out in our video here due to
China's shrinking demand for auto
exports Japan is experiencing a
continued economic slump China's
construction sector is also on the
decline leading to less trade with
Australia a significant source of raw
materials as a result economists have
warned of Australia's first recession in
24 years
thanks for watching test-tube news be
sure to subscribe so you don't miss out
on new videos
