presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders
voiced concerns at a democratic debate
in Iowa saying that climate change is
directly related to the growth of
terrorism now while this claim may sound
exaggerated President Obama has also
discussed the importance of climate
change in influencing worldwide trends
like terrorism in fact the idea of
climate change significantly
contributing to regional instability is
well understood as the Syrian civil war
continues to fuel the spread of the
Islamic state in the Middle East we
wanted to know did climate change caused
Isis well a report by the National
Academy of Sciences examined the effects
of climate change in the Fertile
Crescent which includes Iraq and Syria
the Syrian conflict and subsequent rise
of Isis began around 2011 but climate
problems in the region actually started
in the winter of 2007 the Fertile
Crescent is named for its rich
agriculture dating back to the birth of
civilization this is only possible due
to rain and rivers originating in the
Turkish Mountains but from October to
December of 2007 hardly any rain fell in
the Crescent this began what is
considered the worst drought in the
area's recorded history and especially
hit eastern Syria and northern Iraq
which is where a huge majority of those
countries grain crops are produced
according to the NA s report the lack of
rain followed a long-term drying trend
for which no apparent natural cause
could be found researchers believe that
similar droughts in the area are now
twice as likely and that it is all due
to human interference in the climate
system intense droughts destroyed much
of the agricultural industry creating
significant water insecurity and killing
huge populations of livestock up to one
and a half million people were forced to
leave sparse agricultural areas for
urban cities in Syria this drought and
mass migration created intense societal
stress between 2008 and 2011 senator
Bernie Sanders explained that people
migrating into cities without jobs
creates instability and high rates of
unemployment this leads to widespread
dissatisfaction in humanitarian crisis
which has been pointed to is one of the
leading factors behind Syria's March
2011 uprising in the wake of the Syrian
civil war terrorist groups like Isis
were able to exploit the Middle East
power vacuum appealing to many of those
same people displaced by the drought it
is important to understand that climate
change is a major contributor to food
and water shortages which lead to
poverty disease and as we've seen mass
migration although strong effective
governments could potentially manage
these conditions the instability of
Syria's government only exacerbated
those problems US Secretary of State
John Kerry phrased it more directly and
perhaps more correctly than senator
Sanders he didn't suggest that the
crisis in Syria was caused by climate
change but the devastating drought
clearly made a bad situation a lot worse
other factors such as religious ethnic
and political tension coupled with
historically induced poverty corrupt
governments and foreign intervention are
also thought to be responsible for the
rise of terrorism however in the case of
Isis the record-breaking drought caused
by climate change set the stage for
their effective and devastating
insurrection the effects of climate
change go well beyond geopolitical
conflicts but there are ways we can
reduce those consequences one town in
Japan is recycling absolutely everything
to help learn more in this video by
seeker stories in the very beginning so
kamikatsu is doing its open installation
but people could see that's really
hurting the environment at the same time
the health of the people so it's zero
waste was created thanks for watching
test-tube news be sure to LIKE and
subscribe for more videos
