in February 2015 chunks of concrete fell
from a bridge in Maryland landing on a
woman's car as she drove underneath
every year in the u.s. hundreds of
deaths and injuries are attributed to
failing infrastructure like bridges dams
and roads a 2013 report by the American
Society of Civil Engineers gave the
United States a d-plus on infrastructure
so why is America's infrastructure
collapsing well as a matter of fact the
u.s. was once a world leader in
infrastructure which played a huge role
in the country's development railroads
allowed for Western expansion and led to
a fast growing infrastructure network in
1956 President Dwight d Eisenhower
signed the federal aid Highway Act
starting the most expensive public works
project ever priced at about half a
trillion dollars at the time it was an
issue of defense as well as everyday
convenience in the event of a Soviet
attack the interstate highways would
allow for the easy transportation of
people and military equipment the
interstate highway system ended up
stretching nearly 50,000 miles
but today the highways are crumbling
according to the Department of
Transportation as many as 14,000 deaths
every year can be tied to poor road
conditions in the World Economic Forum
rankings America ranks 16th in overall
infrastructure and a 2014 White House
report said that 65 percent of American
roadways are in poor condition plus one
in four bridges are in need of repair so
how did we get this way well our
Transportation and Infrastructure system
is funded by something called the
highway trust fund this fund is
generated from gas taxes which have not
risen alongside inflation since 1993 on
top of a stagnant tax cars have become
increasingly fuel-efficient and overall
people are driving less this creates two
problems the first is that states and
local governments are unsure if the
trust fund will help them complete their
infrastructure projects thus keeping
them from ever being started the second
is that without federal assistance the
money which is available is used to pay
off government debts
the last few years of instability in
short there isn't enough money an
infrastructure is just not a priority so
what is the US government doing about it
well in November the House passed a bill
allocating 300 billion dollars towards
failing infrastructure this act of
bipartisan cooperation will help bolster
some improvements however the new bill
plans out six years worth of projects
while only funding three years without
this injection of funds the Highway
Trust was actually expected to run dry
in August
America's failing infrastructure is an
example of reallocation of government
priorities especially during turbulent
times instead of spending money on
fixing roads and bridges there are debts
and financial defense obligations which
politicians say come first since
America's roads are no longer as
militarily important as they were in
1956 it seems unlikely that there will
be much more money allocated towards
them in the coming years the u.s. spent
a huge amount on its infrastructure but
what are some other massive expensive
mega projects watch this video to find
out this 70 square mile metropolis was
the idea of Saudi Arabia's former King
and is estimated to cost as much as 100
billion dollars the ambitious project is
part of an ongoing effort by Saudi
Arabia to create a non oil based
industry designed to encourage foreign
investment as many as 2 million
residents are expected to fill the
Washington DC sized mega city when the
project is completed in 2035 thanks for
watching test-tube news everyone stay
up-to-date with more test-tube news by
subscribing to our Channel
