on July 16th 1945 the first-ever nuclear
weapon was detonated in a New Mexico
desert at the time the Trinity test was
one of the largest man-made explosions
ever nuclear blasts are measured in TNT
and this one yielded about 20,000 tons
of TNT that size blast would cover an
estimated area of about 5 square miles
in radioactivity but in the 70 years
since nearly 2000 nuclear tests have
been performed and about 125,000 nuclear
bombs have been built so we wanted to
know how powerful our modern nuclear
weapons well most people think of the
nuclear bombings of Hiroshima and
Nagasaki during World War 2 as
extraordinarily powerful explosions
combined they yielded about 36 thousand
tons of TNT but 16 years later the Tsar
Bomba was built designed to be three
thousand times more powerful it was
originally supposed to deliver a yield
of 100 million tons which would destroy
an area the size of Connecticut the
weapon was built by the Soviet Union as
a display of power against the United
States and was tested with a yield of 50
million tons of TNT that test is to this
day the most powerful man-made explosion
in history but that was more than 50
years ago so did the u.s. one-up the
Soviet Union and build their own 200
Megaton bomb in fact they did the
opposite during the Cold War the actual
point of building more nuclear weapons
was mutually assured destruction if the
Soviets nuked the u.s. they might as
well be nuking themselves for this
system to work the u.s. determined that
they need the equivalent of 400 million
tons of TNT in their nuclear arsenal
instead of building one giant bomb they
diversified into thousands of relatively
lower yield weapons additionally new
rockets called Merv's were developed to
carry multiple nuclear warheads thereby
upping the maximum yield by the end of
the Cold War the US was estimated to
hold about 3.8 billion tons worth of
nuclear weapon yield but in the years
following the US and Russia signed a
series of nuclear disarmament treaties
promising to limit their stockpile to
about 2,000 deployed weapons each
today nine countries are believed to
have nuclear weapons the US and Russia
hold about 15,000 noose with the other
seven countries holding between eight
and three hundred nukes each the most
powerful thermonuclear weapon currently
in the US as Arsenal yields 1.2 million
tons equal to about 200 square miles of
devastation meanwhile China is believed
to have a five million ton yield weapon
within their active arsenal and although
Russia was once the world leader in
giant nuclear bombs in recent years
they've retired their largest 20 million
ton bombs
similarly the u.s. dismantled their 9
million ton b53 bomb in 2011 from the
start of the nuclear arms race to today
weapon yields have varied dramatically
in the late 1950s a tactical nuclear gun
was even developed which fired the
smallest nuclear bomb ever called the
Davy Crockett it was two and a half
million times smaller than the yield of
the Tsar Bomba clearly nowadays it
doesn't really matter how big your
nuclear weapons are every single one is
capable of unmitigated devastation so
which countries actually have nuclear
weapons find out in the video above and
if you want to get an inside look at a
region made uninhabitable by radiation
watch my report from Fukushima in the
box below thanks for watching test-tube
news and don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
