in October 2015 37 narcos flying from
Puerto Rico to the US were discovered to
be smuggling a large amount of cleverly
hidden cocaine
despite the inherent risk smuggling is
an extremely lucrative business smuggled
items can be as benign as french cheeses
or as extremist terrorist funded heroin
so what we wanted to know is what are
the most smuggled items in the world
well one of the most restricted things
to try and take over a border is an
exotic animal and for good reason the
world is a delicate ecosystem distinct
regions of the world rely on their
collection of wildlife to maintain
animal populations and disease immunity
taking exotic animals from one location
to another has the potential to wipe out
indigenous species that don't have
defenses against the foreign species the
illegal wildlife trade is thought to
bring in as much as 10 billion dollars a
year and is mostly prevalent in China
Mexico the Caribbean Indonesia and parts
of Africa higher up on the list illegal
drugs are one of the most trafficked
things in the world in particular the
United Nations has identified that
cocaine and opiates like heroin make up
the largest portion of drug trade and
crime the global cocaine market alone is
estimated to bring in roughly eighty
eight billion dollars a year with the
opium market at about 65 billion most of
the world's heroin comes from
Afghanistan while Colombia and Peru make
a majority of the cocaine trade and
while drugs may be dangerous the even
more threatening and lucrative market is
the one for illegal weapons firearms
missile components ammunition and
everything in between because small
handguns and ammunition are easy to hide
and extremely durable they're massively
trafficked around the world while it is
difficult to calculate the global market
it has been estimated to be at least 60
billion a year in 2013 the UN created a
landmark treaty in an attempt to crack
down on arms trafficking but it is still
a major problem worldwide war-torn
African countries are some of the most
common destinations for illegal firearms
but aside from wildlife drugs and guns
one of the most smuggled items in the
world isn't an item at all its people
human trafficking has been considered
the fastest
growing criminal market with people
being enslaved for sex labor and even
their organs it's estimated that more
than 20 million people are trafficked in
forced labor alone although it generates
less revenue than drugs or guns
human trafficking brings in an estimated
thirty two billion dollars a year
although smuggling is occasionally mild
most of the world's smuggled objects and
people contribute directly to
unavoidable human rights issues laws
preventing trafficking are usually
instituted to help those who suffer the
most from drug addiction war and slavery
it's exactly these disenfranchised
people who never see a penny of the
overall trade and are viciously
exploited much of the world smuggled
drugs can be traced back to drug cartels
to learn more about them check out our
video
in fact as much as 80% of US meth and
half of US heroin comes from the Sinaloa
cartel overall they're considered
responsible for a quarter of all illegal
drugs smuggled into the u.s. from Mexico
Sinaloa's been called the most powerful
drug trafficking organization in the
world thanks for watching everybody make
sure to LIKE and subscribe to our
channel so that you don't miss out on
new videos daily
you
