in 2015 the Iranian women's national
football team was reported to include
several transgender women who had not
undergone gender reassignment surgery in
fact Iran reportedly performs the second
highest number of gender reassignment
surgeries in the world despite being a
strict Muslim nation so why would a
country that demonizes homosexuality be
such a proponent of gender reassignment
surgery while Iran has long been
considered one of the more conservative
Middle Eastern countries almost any
activity outside of a heterosexual
marriage is it legal and many homosexual
men and women have been arrested beaten
and put to death this is in line with
Sharia or Islamic law however in the
1980s Iran's religious leader Ayatollah
Khomeini was visited by a transgender
woman although reports differ she
pleaded her case by showing him that she
was quote a woman living inside a man's
body end quote
in response Khomeini publicly issued a
religious ruling or fatwa arguing that
if somebody wants to undergo a sex
change because he feels trapped inside
someone else's body he has the right to
get rid of this body and transform into
another sex now this pronouncement may
have come as a surprise but in fact
Khomeini had already investigated the
controversial issue of transsexuality
some twenty years ago at the time he
wrote that surgically changing your sex
was not in violation of any religious
laws which has since been reaffirmed by
the Iranian government today Iran
regularly encourages gender reassignment
surgeries and even subsidizes a
significant portion of their cost the
country is thought to have one of the
highest rates of sex reassignment
surgeries in the world comparable to
Thailand but while the high rate of
surgeries may seem to suggest a more
progressive Iran in practical
application the situation is much worse
than it seems the issue stems from the
fact that any non heterosexual behavior
is condemned
thus sex reassignment is more of an
effort to bring a person's behavior and
lifestyle in line with Islamic law
transgender men and women who are outed
or who choose to continue living without
surgery are often lumped in with gays
and lesbians and risk being put to death
while many transgender people in other
countries are able to live without
undergoing unwanted surgery and hormonal
alterations in Iran there may be few
alternatives what is considerably worse
is that because homosexuality is poorly
understood in Iran
it's treated more like a mental illness
one common prescription is for gay
people to go through gender reassignment
so that in the eyes of the law they are
attracted to the opposite sex some have
even reported that they were unaware of
homosexuality as a concept and believed
that the only explanation was that they
were trapped in the wrong body many
people who go through such an experience
in Iran deeply regret the taxing and
difficult transition finally reports
indicate that gender reassignment
surgery doesn't eliminate the abuse that
trans and homosexual Iranians face
discrimination and violence continue to
be a distressing part of their lives
so while on its face Iran's acceptance
of transgender men and women seems
progressive in reality it's anything but
fortunately there are many countries
with much more progressive policies to
learn about the countries that recognize
a third gender check out the video up
top it's been great hosting for you
today if you want to see more of me
check out my channel just between us
where we regularly discuss sexuality
thanks for watching test-tube don't
forget to Like and subscribe to watch
new videos we'll see you next time
