since facebook was started in 2004 it
has grown to be the world's dominant
social network one in five people
worldwide are active monthly users and
Facebook's net worth is more than 250
billion dollars as one of the most
visited websites on the Internet we
wanted to know how powerful is Facebook
well Facebook has been widely popular as
a website where users can connect with
their friends and express themselves
through shared media membership is free
and the site is primarily funded through
advertising revenue Facebook's founder
Mark Zuckerberg has become the seventh
richest person in America with a net
worth of approximately thirty-five
billion dollars but Facebook isn't just
about social media the company has
acquired a number of tech startups and
continues to grow in 2012 Facebook
bought the image app Instagram for 1
billion dollars in two years later
purchased the messenger program whatsapp
for 22 billion the increased
partnerships across different social
media platforms have helped Facebook
diversify through their social media
holdings Facebook has become an
all-powerful collector of data in 2013
roughly 300 million photos and billions
of comments were posted every day
Facebook accumulates massive amounts of
information about its users which allows
them to sell very effective targeted
advertising but Facebook isn't just
making money it's changing the way the
world communicates during the Arab
Spring millions of people used Facebook
to organize and share information it has
influenced American politics with many
pointing to President Obama's use of
Facebook as one of the reasons for
cornering the youth vote it even helps
companies interact directly with
consumers and collect information on how
best to serve them but people value
their privacy and oftentimes photos or
opinions that are posted to Facebook can
never be fully removed even after
deactivating a user's account
additionally Facebook has been accused
of tracking users web histories through
cookies and secretly supplying that data
to the government the company also
introduced facial recognition software
in 2010 sparking a class-action lawsuit
about invasion of privacy still the
company has maintained that it is
transparency and user data rights
Facebook has become the most popular
social network for adults and the
company has undoubtedly affected the way
Americans interact with each other in
real life and online since the company's
humble beginnings Facebook has made it
smart business choices that allow it to
grow and respond creatively to the
digital era Google is Facebook's biggest
competitor find out just how powerful
the tech company is watch this video
here in response to China's blocking of
certain political search results Google
redirected Chinese users to the less
censored Hong Kong site enraged Chinese
officials enacted a total ban on Google
but lifted it the next day thanks for
watching make sure to LIKE and subscribe
to our channel so you get all of our
videos every day and we'll see you
tomorrow on test-tube news
