a 2015 study reported that 500 of the
largest American companies held more
than two trillion dollars overseas to
escape corporate taxes this represents a
six hundred billion dollar loss in tax
revenue for the United States Brawl tax
rates are high in the u.s. around the
world they are even higher so which
countries tax the most well taxes data's
far back is ancient egypt with tax
collectors forcing farmers to part with
about 10% of their yield generally
taxation is used to encourage economic
growth and increase the government's
budget for public services most taxes
are on individual income company income
the things you buy and things that are
imported personal income taxes are by
far the largest source of tax revenue
for most countries in the United States
over 46% of the government's total
revenue is funded by individual citizens
corporate taxes contribute much less in
the US they count for just 10% of
government revenue this is partially
because many companies move their
headquarters to countries with low tax
burdens 72% of Fortune 500 companies
reportedly use these international tax
havens instead of accounting for their
income back home taxes on goods and
services property and imported items
make up another smaller percentage of
government revenue the personal income
tax specifically European countries with
large socialist leaning governments have
some of the highest rates in the world
according to the Organisation for
Economic Cooperation and Development
Belgium Germany and Denmark make up the
most taxed countries each sees about a
40 percent tax rate for single childless
citizens in these countries the public
accepts the high taxes because there are
many visible social programs offered
back to the community they commonly have
some of the lowest poverty rates and
highest human development scores Denmark
has even been ranked the happiest
country on earth in the United States by
comparison there are far fewer
government welfare options and the
income tax average is about 25 percent
the total US tax burden is one of the
lowest in the developed world on the
other hand the United States leads the
developed world in corporate income tax
rates at 39
point one percent these tend to be much
higher in nations with strong
market-based economies which can
withstand a high tax burden in
developing nations with huge oil exports
and expanding economy as taxes can be
even higher the United Arab Emirates
taxes businesses at a rate of 55 percent
however these taxation rates are subject
to drastic fluctuations from year to
year as the economy is generally
unstable ultimately the rates of
taxation are dependent on national
priorities although many people in
companies object to giving up their
hard-earned money the government
provides countless benefits to its
citizens in Social Welfare and national
defense if you're curious to learn more
about money wealth or economies around
the world we've got the playlist just
for you watch here to learn more while
the average worker salary is about
$50,000 many CEOs make tens of millions
of dollars according to researchers in
1970 this pay ratio of CEOs to average
workers with only about 20 to 1 thanks
for watching test-tube make sure to LIKE
and subscribe below and we'll see you
next time
