in preparation for China's national day
police in Beijing have sought to avoid
disruption by installing surveillance
cameras in every corner of the city in
fact China daily has reported that 100%
of the city is under video surveillance
as part of a nationwide project
ominously called Skynet so we wanted to
know just how invasive is China's mass
surveillance well by 2013 China had
installed up to 30 million cameras
around the country jumping dramatically
from a little under 3 million cameras in
2005 NPR reported finding 11 cameras in
a 100 foot radius
13 million were installed in 2011 alone
and while the cameras do seem to lower
crime rates China's oppressive
government doesn't stop there
China is well known to censor and
monitor all of its web traffic and uses
this information to imprison journalists
and bloggers China has roughly 2 million
internet police alone who have been
cracking down on any form of dissent or
protests the practice of jailing
political dissidents has led China to
holding the largest number of people
arrested for their internet history but
it only gets worse China is also known
to wiretap phones with one politician
found tapping high-ranking officials and
China's president the New York Times has
even reported that private phone calls
are automatically disconnected when a
controversial word like protest is
mentioned and while it may sound
paranoid many hide or disable their cell
phones when having potentially
dissenting conversations even in person
according to NPR some Chinese citizens
suggest that their cell phones can be
remotely activated for listening
purposes so what does China do with all
this information
well besides imprisoning those they
disagree with they also use it to
publicly rate their population Chinese
citizens are given a social credit score
which is similar to a regular credit
score the difference is that it is based
on private behavior and affects much
more than your car loan it's reported
that if you badmouth the government
online play video games or even if one
of your friends posts something
disagreeable online your score goes down
and this score can assist or prevent you
in receiving travel visas a bank loan or
even a job the government has announced
that this system will be mandatory
within the next five years
obviously programs like these are
intended to create fear of dissent the
American Civil Liberties Union has said
that this surveillance and judgment
system should serve as a warning for the
United States although China is no
longer a totalitarian system they are
unquestionably authoritarian threatening
both pressure and actual arrests for
anyone who dares to question the status
quo while the u.s. is unlikely to be as
aggressive as China in this regard the
use of mass surveillance in the United
States has already seen a huge shift in
public perceptions of the government
China's alarming new credit score system
is just the tip of the iceberg though
watch seeker daily to learn more about
it
everything someone puts out into this
vast online world is then distilled into
a number between 350 and 950 based on
five factors credit history behavioral
preference fulfillment capability
personal attributes and social network
it's setting China citizens up for an
unheard-of social situation among the
things that will affect a credit score
in China is political opinions posted
online without permission which is
something most everyone in the United
States does all the time without
thinking about it thanks for watching
test-tube news everyone please like and
subscribe to the channel if you haven't
yet and we'll see you with more videos
every day of the week
