in September 2015 the Taliban captured
the city of Kunduz in Afghanistan
marking their biggest victory since the
United States invaded the country in
2001 since being ousted the Taliban
insurgency has been slowly regaining
power so how has the Taliban survived
the war on terror
well the Taliban in Afghanistan was
originally born out of Pakistan's
inter-services intelligence agency which
trained funded and equipped the
terrorist organization in 1996 the
Taliban seized the Afghan capital of
Kabul and instituted an Islamic
theocratic dictatorship the reign was
marked by human trafficking brutality
towards women and massacres of civilians
they ruled until 2001 when the u.s.
invaded Afghanistan following the
attacks of September 11 the orchestrator
of the attacks and founder of al-qaeda
Osama bin Laden was thought to be
harbored by the Taliban government the
u.s. invasion now stood the Taliban
government pushing hundreds of fighters
and commanders into hiding in northern
Pakistan over the next few years former
members regrouped into an insurgency and
by 2006 were fighting full force against
the us-backed Afghan government as a
terrorist group the Taliban primarily
targeted Afghan civilians accounting for
more than three quarters of civilian
deaths hundreds of suicide bombings
killed Afghan and NATO troops as the
Taliban continued to regain followers
and influence in 2010 the Taliban
launched a massive offensive against
occupying forces alongside Pakistani and
Afghan tribal groups the strong push saw
the Taliban re-enter a number of cities
including the recently captured Kunduz
the Taliban's longtime leader Mohammed
Omar died in 2013 a fact which was
hidden until 2015 the newly appointed
leader Mohammed Monsour favoured peace
talks with Afghan forces but a portion
of the Taliban rejected any peace
agreement with foreign forces and wanted
to continue fighting for what the
Taliban calls their version of an
Islamic state today despite growing
influence and the capture of Kunduz
Taliban leaders have promoted the idea
of peace talks in order to get foreign
forces out of Afghanistan although the
US troop drawdown has seen
a total number dropped from about a
hundred thousand to ten thousand Afghan
forces have struggled to maintain power
Afghanistan stability has long been a
point of concern and even despite the
USS occupation the Taliban led drug
trade has exploded with 93% of the
world's heroin produced in the country
as US troops leave many are questioning
how long Afghanistan will stay under the
control of allied local forces before
falling back into the hands of the
Taliban to learn about the Taliban's
dangerous recruiting tactics check out
my video on seeker daily up top or for
more on al Qaeda a terrorist group that
the Taliban used to protect check out
our video below thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe so you don't miss out we'll
see you next time
