around the world as many as 25 countries
have high-speed rail systems connecting
major cities but the US has been lagging
behind in modern methods of public
transportation recent reports suggest
that American cities ranked among the
worst for transit systems so why is US
transit so bad
well after World War 2 countries like
Japan and Germany invigorated their
economies through federally sponsored
rail construction but the United States
chose to invest in their interstate
highway system beginning in the 1950s
the government paved tens of thousands
of miles of roads all over the United
States this road network helped
encourage the popularity of automobiles
and more spread-out City Planning called
sprawl but the effects of city sprawl on
commute times the rising cost of
gasoline and oil and growing traffic
have become a problem today in major
cities like Los Angeles car traffic
constantly clogs the freeways even the
New York City Transit System which can
serve up to 6 million commuters on a
busy day is known to many as being dirty
unreliable and underfunded on the other
hand London England has the oldest
subway in the world and is significantly
more efficient the tube was constructed
in the mid 1800s and serves a billion
people per year covering an area of 600
square miles London also has a great
rail infrastructure with high-speed
trains reaching out to Scotland and
France another success story is Seoul in
South Korea its subway system is the
longest in the world with 315 miles of
track the transit stations are high-tech
and modern free Wi-Fi heated seats and
TV are available for riders in many
Asian and European countries trains are
almost always on time whereas New York
subway Dix to the schedule about 75% of
the time part of the reason for
America's transportation deficiency is
the difficulty in passing spending
legislation Republicans in particular
have been reticent to raise taxes to
federally fund transit programs and a
high-speed rail could potentially cost
150 billion dollars but soon legislators
may have no other choice but to invest
heavily in newer better forms of public
transit in 2014 the White House reported
that up to 65 percent of America's major
roads were rated in less than good
condition also nearly half of American
citizens lack access to public
clearly if the US wants to keep pace
with other nations public transportation
needs to be a higher priority China is
making a great deal of investment into
many sectors of the American economy to
learn about how much of the US China
actually owns check out our video now in
North Carolina one in ten hog farms are
now owned by the Chinese pork producer
similar deals have given China
unprecedented access to America's
workforce thanks for watching test-tube
we'll see all of you subscribers
tomorrow
