hi test-tube news viewers I'm Joseph
Joseph we're here with Tim Poole a
digital journalist who is reinventing
the media world tim has covered conflict
in Venezuela Ukraine Egypt Brazil and
Turkey and he was one of the first
people to do a live news report by
aerial drone Tim thanks for joining us
thanks for having me
now the nature of reporting has changed
considerably in the past few years what
do you think is the difference between
20th century journalism and what you're
doing now I think the the one answer
everyone always gives is that you know
back in the day a reporter would go out
watch an event happen and then write
about it or they would go out and find
witnesses and ask them what happened and
write about it today we are all
journalists we're all the eyewitnesses
so now pretty much anybody can become a
journalist yeah that's the idea it's
like everyone as a citizen journalists
or I should say you know a citizen
journalist is that person who's out
walking their dog minding their own
business when a plane crashes and they
film it you know at any point anyone
today can become the most important
journalist in the world you know if
you're in the right place at the right
time and you have your phone sending out
one sentence could could change the
world but if everybody can be a
journalist how do we know who to trust
how do we know that anybody who's trying
to be a journalist is unbiased or has
integrity that's seriously one of the
biggest challenges I mean I think
unfortunately most people just look you
know in their Twitter profile does it
say I'm a reporter do they have a
verified checkmark when I first started
doing this I reported from a court case
in Chicago during these big NATO
protests and I was the first one out of
the courtroom and I said boom here's the
facts bond was set at you know X million
dollars and the response I got from
everyone is who is this guy can we get a
source on this and so he ran was like
I'm a journalist I've been covering this
stuff for you know at that point like
two years or for a year and a half and
no one no one trusted me one day a blue
checkmark was add to my profile and
everyone believed everything I said so
then what do you think is the role of
media and media companies in sort of
this new age of journalism right now
that the key thing that these companies
need to be doing and what a lot of them
are doing is making news from noise you
know we're seeing all these different
puzzle pieces drop off these photos
these tweets journalists have to sit
there and find that narrative and
about what happened you know we can see
all these pieces they come together and
there's your story but aside from that
one thing that's often neglected in this
story about the future of media is that
the average citizen is not going to
investigate a corrupt multinational
corporation or corrupt politicians
that's going to be a journalist with
sources who digs deep and and finds
those stories what is the hardest part
about being a digital journalist in the
field the worst thing actually just
happened me recently when I was out in
Ferguson and this protest was happening
and it got really intense a car like
drove through a bunch of protesters and
I had no cell coverage so at that point
I couldn't do anything you know people
were sharing you know the information
through their different services my
service wasn't working so I can't I felt
like I might as well not even been there
but in most of these events you know if
you're a journalist on the ground if you
don't have access to you know the
firehose to that data feed to send that
information out immediately the
informations going to get up before that
before you and you know if you're not if
you're not connected you might as well
not be there you know the other big
challenges monetization like how do
these companies gonna survive right
right as that whole model is completely
changed now oh yeah it's not just served
by you know an ad in the newspaper and
you know the story is on the side now
there's whole industries covering this I
think no one disagrees of this but
that's why media companies are losing
money on the decline
I guess the scary thing is we end up
seeing a lot of like advertorial content
a company says hey write about how
awesome we are and then you end up
getting a bunch of publications that are
their advertisers are the the people
they cover what other ways do you feel
like journalism is going to keep
changing in the next few years I think
live streaming is becoming a bigger and
bigger piece of breaking news and that's
awesome there's there's never been more
interest in mobile live streaming and
that means when a breaking news event
happens like an explosion a massive
explosion in China or there might be a
shooting instead of crossing our fingers
and saying I hope like I want to know
what's going on where's the news you're
gonna have a window into that moment so
I would like everybody to download some
live streaming app just because you
never know when you might become the
most important journalist in the world
so basically everybody download live
streaming apps and become a citizen
journalist
Oh Tim thanks so much for joining us
make sure to check out his youtube
channel and the video he did for us
about Russia last year Russia's economy
grew barely half a percent compared to
4.5 percent in 2010 Russia is also
majorly unhappy with a buildup of NATO
forces throughout Eastern Europe
following the collapse of the Soviet
Union they see the increase in military
bases and personnel as a method of
keeping Russia subjugated thanks for
watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
week
