in the first six months of 2015
Saudi Arabia beheaded on average one
prisoner every other day the country has
one of the highest execution rates in
the world and is still the only one
still regularly performing public
beheadings this practice has been widely
condemned and is considered a severe
violation of human rights so why is
Saudi Arabia executing so many people
well Saudi Arabia is an Islamic
theocracy which means that they follow
Islamic law known as Sharia within
Sharia law one can be put to death for
any number of non-lethal or lethal
crimes including religious offenses like
blasphemy or witchcraft while sometimes
executions are done by firing squad or
stoning beheadings are much more common
and occasionally the beheaded body is
crucified a gang leader was beheaded and
publicly crucified for three days after
robbing a jewelry store
although most executions are public
there are no announcements in advance
and spectators are not allowed to
photograph or videotape them in 2015
Saudi Arabia increased the number of
executions dramatically some have
attributed this to instability in the
region to show that they are not afraid
of doling out capital punishment
according to Sharia law found in the
Quran there are three major criminal
categories for which capital punishment
can be imposed the first is based on
specific crimes and punishments found in
the Quran called the dug and considered
crimes against God this includes
adultery converting to another religion
and homosexual behavior murder is not
included in this category and is instead
seen as a personal dispute crimes like
those fall into chaos category meaning
retaliatory any eye-for-an-eye type
crime any bodily injury or attack is
included in this category and since the
crime is considered a dispute in Saudi
Arabia it is possible for a murderer to
pay blood money to a victim's family to
avoid prosecution in 2013 a man who
stabbed another man in the back was
sentenced by a court to have his spinal
cord severed unless he paid more than a
quarter million dollars to his victim
the final category is called Thais ear
and covers pretty much all other crimes
the punishment is left to the judgment
of the court although it may still be
based in Scripture everything from rape
to witchcraft to drug
smuggling falls into t'as ear and those
found guilty can be executed for fairly
benign offenses the last execution for
sorcery
for example occurred as recently as 2014
Saudi Arabia doesn't just execute its
own citizens but also kills a huge
number of foreigners from developing
countries often they are convicted of
drug smuggling and are unable to defend
themselves however it is reported that
no Westerners have ever been executed in
Saudi Arabia in recent years Saudi
Arabia has been compared to the brutal
terrorist group Isis Saudi officials
have defended the executions saying that
they are the result of due process still
many point out that the ideology and
religious interpretation of criminal
activity is relatively identical between
the two unfortunately Saudi Arabia's
massive level of global influence makes
it difficult for the international
community to force them to stop to learn
more about how Saudi Arabia got so
powerful and influential in the first
place
check out this video Saudi Arabia's true
prowess comes from its military which is
the most highly funded in the Middle
East in 2013 Saudi Arabia replaced the
UK as the world's fourth largest
military spender thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe so you get all of our videos
every day
