in late August 2005 a category 5
hurricane ripped through the southern
United States killing nearly 2,000
people and causing over a hundred
billion dollars in damage it was
considered the single most catastrophic
natural disaster in US history much of
the fallout has been blamed on the u.s.
Army Corps of Engineers and the
ineffective response of the federal
government so what have we learned from
Hurricane Katrina well although the
storm traveled through the Bahamas
Florida and across the Gulf of Mexico
the greatest loss of life occurred in
New Orleans Louisiana despite a wide
scale evacuation about a hundred
thousand residents stayed in the city as
a final effort New Orleans Mayor Ray
Nagin established the Louisiana
Superdome as a quote refuge of last
resort some 20,000 people to cover from
the storm in the sports arena as the
hurricane hit it took down levees
protecting parts of the city which were
at or below sea level the subsequent
flooding destroyed major sections of New
Orleans with over a hundred thousand
homes and businesses affected one of the
strongest criticisms was against the
Army Corps of Engineers which had
originally built the levees a number of
investigations found that the Corps of
Engineers had made significant mistakes
in designing the levees the model for
determining their strength specifically
excluded severe storms in order to make
the calculations easier it was
considered the worst civil engineering
disaster in the United States although a
lawsuit found the Corps guilty they had
sovereign immunity from prosecution and
did not have to pay for any damages the
other guilty party was the Federal
Emergency Management Agency also known
as FEMA director Michael Brown was
accused of delaying action while
attempting to coordinate rescue and food
assistance many said that the agency was
ignoring direct requests and mismanaging
resources for example a hundred million
dollars of ice was diverted into
government storage facilities instead of
going to New Orleans Director Brown
defended the decision saying that he
didn't think the government should be
concerned with keeping hamburger meat
fresh despite the ice being intended for
hospitals and emergency food storage
much of this was the result of Brown
having had almost no emergency
experience when he was appointed by
President George W Bush emergency
preparation resources were also
primarily focused on terrorist attacks
instead of on potential natural
disasters roughly two weeks later Brown
the mistakes made during the response to
Hurricane Katrina change the way the
government dealt with natural disasters
primarily the focus shifted on to
preparing supplies and funding ahead of
time
FEMA's successful response to 2012's
Hurricane sandy saw water meals and beds
moved into the eastern United States
well before the storm hit although in
terms of damage sandy was the second
costliest hurricane in the u.s. the
death toll was about 160 compared to
Katrina's 2000 the lessons learned about
disaster response may have come at a
huge price but serve to save
considerably more lives in the future
some people believe that natural
disasters like Katrina are a form of
divine retribution for things they
consider sinful check out this video in
secret daily to learn more attributing
natural phenomenon to God goes back to
the earliest days of most major
religions and there are examples in
Judaism Hinduism Islam and Christianity
unfortunately the more fundamental view
that some natural disasters are some
form of divine retribution is pretty
common too
thanks for watching test-tube news make
sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
