with little time left in office
President Obama has been aggressively
pushing through controversial
legislation like the Iran nuclear deal
and immigration reform many presidents
in their final terms pull back and avoid
intense political issues or use the
opportunity to achieve their most
idealistic goals president Obama has
been accused of both as a lame-duck
president so what is a lame-duck and
does Obama fit the bill well a lame duck
is an elected official who won't be
re-elected to office but still must
serve out the remainder of their term
the label applies to any second term
president but is especially relevant
after an opposing candidate wins the
election from that time until the new
candidate takes over in January a
lame-duck president has just a few
months to wrap up their plans usually
this isn't long enough to get anything
else significant done so other officials
are less interested in working with them
the label lame duck first emerged in the
18th century as a reference to a person
weakened by debt but by the 19th century
the terms meaning morphed to apply to
elected officials who were politically
weakened by their approaching term
limits an example of a politically weak
lame-duck president is Herbert Hoover in
the 1930s he couldn't improve Depression
era conditions at the end of his term
because everyone was waiting instead for
FDR's federal overhaul as a result the
American economy languished and Hoover
was widely hated during his time as a
lame duck however in modern times
lame-duck presidents have found ways to
use the position to their advantage they
have great power to make unpopular
decisions since they're not seeking
re-election president obama has been
using this role to ambitiously pursue
democratic policy changes and to leave a
lasting legacy in fact obama has been so
successful as a lame-duck president that
some suggest he is completely redefining
the label in his second term he's been
behind several victories for liberal
policies including the Affordable Health
Care Act immigration reform and same-sex
marriage he has also been on the offense
towards the republican-dominated
Congress though his use of the
presidential veto has been infrequent
he's recently threatened to use it to
defend climate change legislation and
deny the Keystone pipeline Obama has
also facilitated the congressional
approval of the trans-pacific
partnership agree
and he's been instrumental in increasing
diplomatic ties toward Cuba and Iran in
the past few years he's aggressively
defended his legislation with unheard-of
success for a lame-duck president if you
want to know more about what Obama could
legally accomplish in his last year of
office check out this video on what
legal powers the president actually has
Congress does have the right to prove
presidential appointees but only when
they are in session if Congress is in
recess the president can approve
whomever he wants
thanks for watching test-tube news
everyone like and subscribe to see new
videos in your inbox every day
