in May 2015 the Oxford Union renewed the
debate on whether or not Britain owes
India reparations for nearly a century
the British Empire exploited Indian
labour natural resources and military
strength yet India has never been
compensated for the significant loss of
life money and culture despite many
calling for reparations so what exactly
are reparations
well reparations were originally
intended to pay for injuries and damages
sustained during a war paid by the
losing side to the victor however in
modern times reparations are paid to
victims of human rights violations
usually by offending countries while the
United Nations establishes the rights of
reparation seekers it is usually up to
individuals to go through local or
international courts to seek payment
alternately offending countries
sometimes agree to reparations as a
response to cultural and social demands
for instance after World War Two West
Germany agreed to pay more than 3
billion demarks to Israel in reparation
for the Holocaust this money was used to
compensate survivors recover property
and invest in Israel's economy
reparations can take many forms
according to the UN they fall into five
categories restitution compensation
rehabilitation satisfaction and
guarantees of non-repetition restitution
seeks to restore property employment
citizenship or any specific loss by the
victim's compensation intel's paying for
financially accessible damages
rehabilitation is assistance with any
psychological physical or legal barriers
satisfaction includes things like
acknowledgments of atrocities or public
apologies by the offending party and
guarantees of non-repetition are usually
legal or cultural changes to the status
quo to prevent the situation from
reoccurring
so who receives reparations while
usually recipients are the original
victims or their families in the u.s.
more than a hundred thousand
japanese-americans were forcibly
interned during World War two for the
following 40 years advocacy groups
petitioned the government for
reparations on their behalf
in 1988 the US finally issued an
official apology to ex internees and
offered surviving victims $20,000 each
although reparations are intended to
provide some form of restoration to
victims actual reparations are
exceptionally rare usually so much time
has passed that current government's
refused to take responsibility for
historical atrocities and even when
reparations are given they cannot simply
repair the lasting effects of poverty
marginalization exploitation or abuse in
the 70 years since the end of British
rule in India much of the country has
moved on yet the aftermath of colonial
rule is still felt by many with no legal
compensation the UN is generally in
charge of dealing with reparations
between people and countries but that's
not all they keep track of in fact the
UN is one of the busiest and most
powerful organizations around check out
this video to find out just how powerful
they are the UN is a coalition of 193
nations if all of those nations were to
work together militarily they would
collectively wield incredible power
thanks for watching don't forget to Like
and subscribe
