in July 2015 Russia invaded a portion of
neighboring Georgia to capture a
valuable oil pipeline in disputed
territory following Russia's annexation
of Crimea in 2014 NATO has been on high
alert for further incursions although
Russia claims to have no interest in
invading other surrounding countries the
unpredictable threat still remains in
particular the Baltic states have
expressed concern about being able to
defend themselves should Russia launch
an attack so we wanted to know what
would happen if Russia went to war with
the Baltics well historically the Baltic
states of Estonia Lithuania and Latvia
have been pretty bad at staving off
invasions with no natural borders they
have spent much of their history being
dominated by foreign powers
unfortunately even today the Baltic
states are not very militarily powerful
despite having Envia below economic
growth and a high Development Index they
spend less than 2% of what Russia spends
on their military they are even unable
to police their own airspace I mean
neighboring countries to take turn
watching the skies in a direct match up
the Baltic States would be pitting about
a hundred thousand troops against three
and a quarter million Russian troops in
other words they'd have no chance
however in any actual conflict Russia
wouldn't be going up against the Baltics
but against every NATO country this is
because the Baltic states are NATO
members an article 5 of the NATO treaty
says that attack on a single member is
an attack on all of them in fact the
entire original purpose of NATO was to
mutually protect European powers against
the Soviet Union the ships the equation
heavily against Russia the NATO
countries account for 70% of worldwide
military expenditures their combined
forces would constitute roughly 7
million in manpower the Baltic States
are also EU members bring in additional
six countries to their rescue although
most of the non NATO EU members are
neutral like Finland and Ireland finally
the Baltics have a direct military
alliance with the Nordic States which
would suffer severe repercussions from a
Russian invasion with more than 30
countries backing the Baltics against a
possible invasion Russia would be
starting World War 3 and trying to
capture those three states that said
this doesn't necessarily preclude Russia
from winning when major advantage is
that while the rest of the world shines
away from nuclear warfare Russia has
been openly
popping up its nuclear arsenal although
a nuclear strike is unthinkable it's not
impossible and that knowledge
unfortunately gives Russia major
bargaining power if you want to learn
more about Estonia Lithuania and Latvia
check out our video how powerful or the
Baltic states together they have a land
size of roughly 70,000 square miles and
are a little larger than the state of
Florida however their population is
fairly small at about 6 million
residents or roughly 2 million fewer
people than in New York City thanks for
watching and make sure to LIKE and
subscribe for new videos every day of
the week
