in recent years Russia's actions in
Ukraine have created severe tension in
the surrounding ex-soviet Republic's in
particular three countries in Northern
Europe known as the Baltic states have
asked NATO for protection their
insistence on support made us want to
know how powerful are the Baltic States
well the Baltics are comprised of Latvia
Estonia and Lithuania they are all
situated along the Baltic Sea and are
the only X Soviet states to be members
of both NATO and the EU together they
have a land size of roughly 70,000
square miles and are a little larger
than the state of Florida however their
population is fairly small at about six
million residents or roughly two million
fewer people than in New York City this
ranks them relatively low among most
individual countries economically
they're not especially well-off either
their combined GDP is about a hundred
billion dollars which puts them on par
with Ecuador per capita they match many
nearby countries like the Czech Republic
and Slovakia
that's about $18,000 per person or a
third of the u.s. is per capita GDP
however the Baltic States notably went
through a period of intense economic
growth leading to their label as the
Baltic Tigers from a series of economic
reforms in 2000 until the global
financial crash in 2007 the Baltics off
faster growth than any other European
country in less than a decade their GDP
grew by about 10 percent compared to an
average rate of 2 to 3 percent in the EU
additionally following the 2007 crash
they saw the fastest recovery in the EU
since 2011 all three countries have
adopted the euro
they are industrialized economies
bolstered by liberal policy and
membership in the World Trade
Organization this has led to their very
high Human Development Index rankings so
how prepared are they to take on Russia
well individually they ranked near the
bottom in military might combined they
spend about a billion dollars on defense
or roughly about 1.5 percent of Russia's
military expenditure furthermore the
Baltic states are unable to police their
own airspace instead NATO provides
defensive Air Policing of the area
through a rotation of different NATO
countries however since an encroachment
on the Baltic States would threaten the
rest of Europe the three countries have
the active support of not only NATO but
the Nordic countries
well this is another example of mutual
defense agreements making it easier for
smaller countries to relax their
military power the Baltic states have
great economic growth high development
and serve as strong examples of country
cooperation however in view of other
individual countries and
intergovernmental organizations the
Baltic states have little power
unfortunately their fear of Russia is
well-founded and it will ultimately be
up to the rest of the world to protect
the region stay tuned for our next video
on whether Russia has a chance of taking
over the Baltics and if you're
interested in the strengths of other
countries check out our full playlist
now including this one on Nordic power
in fact all of the primary Nordic
countries ranked in the top 25 and the
highest standards of living as always
thanks for watching test-tube news and
make sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
