in the second half of 2014 a new force
fighting against Isis emerged in Syria
and Iraq the Kurdistan Workers Party or
PKK they helped thousands of Isis
targeted religious minorities escape the
Islamic state however they have been
officially listed as a terrorist
organization by Turkey the US and other
NATO countries so is the PKK a terrorist
group well it depends on who you ask
the PKK was originally established to
fight for Kurdish independence from
Turkey the Kurds are the largest ethnic
minority in the country and control an
autonomous region of neighboring Iraq
known as Iraqi Kurdistan
although the Kurds make up nearly a
fifth of the Turkish population their
language and culture are marginalized
they're also banned from forming a
political party to gain representation
in Turkey's government since its
founding in 1978 the PKK has had many
skirmishes with the Turkish military
between 1984 and 1999 the two fought a
guerrilla war during its course turkey
destroyed an estimated 3,000 Kurdish
villages and displaced more than three
hundred and seventy eight thousand Kurds
since then a number of temporary
ceasefires and negotiations have taken
place because the PKK operates in Iraqi
Kurdistan Turkey has made multiple
incursions and airstrikes in their
neighboring country the two groups have
continuously gone back and forth
attacking each other despite their
designation as a terrorist group a
European Union Court attempted to remove
their international terrorist status in
2008 this was on the basis that no
reason had been given to include them in
the first place however the EU ignored
the ruling and refused the PKK has also
been accused of being a drug trafficking
ring by the US and other countries while
research uncovered some drug smuggling
and low-level sales to fund the group it
was concluded that the PKK did not
directly produce or trade narcotics
whether the PKK are deadly terrorists
freedom fighters are both is primarily
based on which side of the conflict you
support
in 2013 a new ceasefire was called and
the PKK promised to withdraw from Turkey
however the ceasefire was breached
during the PKK s recent fight against
Isis
the PKK warned that tensions would rise
again unless a roadmap to peace could be
established whether they will be able to
transition to some form of autonomy and
stop fighting forever is yet to be seen
if you want to learn more about how the
PKK got started check out seeker Daily's
video on its founder today many people
would refer to these early PKK members
as freedom fighters but in the 1980s the
US didn't see it that way
so the PKK was added to the u.s.
terrorists list there's a link to that
story in the description below as well
and make sure that you subscribe now so
that you don't miss a single video from
test-tube news
