in July 2015 Mexico's most notorious
drug lord Joaquin el chapo guzman
escaped from prison
el chapo is the boss of the largest drug
gain in the Western Hemisphere the
Sinaloa cartel as Mexico enters its
ninth year in the drug war with some
estimating over a hundred thousand
casualties we wanted to know what are
Mexico's biggest baddest cartels
well the Sinaloa cartel is by far the
biggest this is partially because the
group is organized through a loose
series of associated gangs and regularly
absorbed smaller gangs while other
cartels have a direct hierarchy and a
single leader the Sinaloa operates a
Board of Directors with El Chapo at the
top
this group has thousands of members who
deal heavily in cocaine heroin
methamphetamines MDMA and marijuana in
fact as much as 80% of US meth and half
of US heroin comes from the Sinaloa
cartel overall they're considered
responsible for a quarter of all illegal
drugs smuggled into the u.s. from Mexico
Cielo has been called the most powerful
drug trafficking organization in the
world part of the success may have to do
with the alleged cooperation of the
Mexican military who have been accused
of taking bribes to crack down on other
rival cartels the other largest cartel
are the Zetas while Sinaloa has more
members the Zetas cover more territory
together both groups are estimated to
have up to a hundred thousand members
the Zetas are particularly known for
their extreme brutality and
sophisticated technology their income is
less so based on drugs than the Sinaloa
and they're considered significantly
more dangerous most murders beheadings
kidnappings assassinations and
extortions in Mexico are attributed to
the Zetas they're also known to brutally
torture their rivals they are more like
a paramilitary group than just an
average street gang another notable but
less powerful group is the horrors
cartel they're the oldest operating
cartel and used to be the strongest and
most brutally violent under their
control the city of Ciudad Juarez became
the murder capital of the world with 130
murders per 100,000 residents the
cartels reign of terror kept up for
several years until they were displaced
by the Sinaloa and murder rates dropped
today their influence is faded and their
leader is in prison while other
dangerous groups like the Tijuana cartel
the Gulf Cartel and the B
lor major players in the Mexican drug
war none are nearly as powerful as the
Sinaloa or the Zetas most other gangs
cooperate with one or the other leading
to growth in both cartels many have
pointed to the drug war itself as a
motivating factor for these cartels to
continue their violent activities
despite an ongoing crackdown by Mexican
police and military the cartels appear
to be as strong as they've ever been el
Chapo's elaborate Prison Break through a
five million dollar tunnel makes it
clear that being locked up doesn't stop
you from wielding major power if you're
curious about how he managed to pull it
off check out seeker Daily's video right
here guzman escaped on the 11th of july
2015 and it wasn't the first time he'd
broken out of prison in 2001 Guzman
broke out of a federal maximum security
facility in Guadalajara as always thanks
for watching and make sure to LIKE and
subscribe for new videos every day of
the week
