counterfeiting money is one of the
world's oldest crimes historically those
caught counterfeiting would be put to
death
nowadays in the United States there's a
lesser penalty of a fine or up to 15
years in prison
but that doesn't mean the crime is any
less prevalent so how much of our money
is fake in the United States the only
institution allowed to print money is
the Federal Reserve any other money
printed is fake and devalues the rest of
the legitimate currency in the US before
national currency was adopted in 1862
state banks produced their own currency
at the time between 1/3 and 1/2 of the
money in circulation was thought to be
counterfeit but more recently in a 2006
report the United States Department of
Treasury estimated that about one note
in 10,000 is counterfeit that's just a
small fraction of a percent of the total
money in circulation the Treasury takes
sophisticated steps to prevent
counterfeiting like using color shifting
ink on bills watermarks and ridges but
new technologies are always making it
easier to print fake money nearly sixty
percent of the counterfeit money
confiscated in the US last year was
printed on a check earlier printers in
2014 the FBI thwarted a plan based in
Uganda to spread more than a million US
dollars throughout the world other major
currencies are counterfeited too like
the euro in December 2014 italian
officials uncovered a shipment from
China containing half a million fake
euro coins the European Central Bank has
said that the number of counterfeit
bills removed from circulation hit a
three-year high in 2013 a mass amount of
counterfeit money comes from places like
Peru Colombia North Korea and China the
US has accused North Korea of creating
super US dollars which are counterfeit
notes of an even higher quality than
Treasury created bills about forty five
million super dollars are thought to be
in circulation and bringing it estimated
fifteen to twenty five million dollars a
year to North Korea United States
financial authorities as well as Europe
ool and other financial agencies keep a
close watch on the prevalence of
counterfeit money
as technology of printing changes it's
important that new anti-counterfeiting
measures be used in printing official
currency wondering what measures are in
place to make counterfeiting money so
difficult check out this video from
dnews to learn how to spot a fake bill
in 1739 Benjamin Franklin's printing
firm created nature prints on colonial
banknotes to distinguish them from fakes
thanks for watching test-tube news
please subscribe now and we'll see you
again tomorrow
