in June 2015
Zimbabwe began offering an exchange of
five US dollars for a hundred and
seventy-five quadrillion Zimbabwe
dollars in 2008 their rate of inflation
hit 500 billion percent and soon after a
Zimbabwe abandoned their currency so how
did it get so bad and what exactly is
inflation well often inflation is
described as too much money chasing too
few goods what this means is if there is
too much physical currency floating
around the economy then the money's
worth is diluted inflation and deflation
are tightly regulated by the government
and if they weren't unchecked inflation
of currency could lead to market chaos
in severe cases a person's life savings
could become essentially worthless
there are many variable factors that
play into inflation one is the
confidence that users have in their
currency ever since the gold standard
was abandoned money stopped having real
worth based on precious metals so modern
currency only has value because the
government and its citizens say it does
and that they believe in it however when
the guarantee of that money's value by
the government is threatened by
something drastic like war it loses some
intrinsic value another factor that
affects the value of money is defined by
the ratio of buying and producing in the
economy or supply and demand in a year
let's say if everyone bought the exact
amount of goods and services which were
produced this ratio would be one to one
and there would be no inflation or
deflation of prices however if more or
less goods are produced than normal or
more or less people want to buy them
prices can fluctuate the Federal Reserve
keeps watch of inflation patterns via
long-term price indexes or the change in
inflation rates for various categories
of products the CPI or Consumer Price
Index and the PPI or
producer price index are two commonly
used measurements one looks at how much
consumers are paying for products and
the other looks at the prices listed by
the producer without government
regulation and imbalance in the markets
supply and demand
can be exacerbated by a lack of public
confidence in the currency when that
happens hyperinflation or hyper
deflation may occur and normal items can
wind up costing either a fraction or
several hundred times what they normally
do
for instance when Germany was struggling
to pay its World War 1 debts in 1923
their currency lost investor confidence
and went into hyperinflation
according to reports back then a simple
newspaper cost a wheelbarrow full of
German marks for Zimbabwe the worst of
their hyperinflation woes are past but
even presently many continue to
improvise their currency by giving
change in things like pens candy and
bubblegum soon hopefully
Zimbabwe currency will stabilize and
people can continue to grow the market
economy with an effective system of
money if you're interested in learning
more about Zimbabwe and the situation
there check out our video about the
racial struggles between black and white
farmers once empower Mugabe was quick to
negotiate a deal with the British
government to help transfer land from
the colonizing population of British
farmers to the native population of
blacks and Bob Wayans thanks for joining
us on test-tube news
please subscribe so you don't miss any
of our upcoming videos
