the walton family of walmart is so rich
that their combined wealth of nearly a
hundred and fifty billion dollars is
greater than the wealth of the bottom
forty percent of americans and it's no
surprise why Walmart is the largest
publicly traded employer in the world so
how did the company get so profitable
just how powerful is Walmart well
Walmart started out in the 1940s as a
small variety store run by businessman
Sam Walton he named his franchise
Waltons five-and-dime and later launched
his own separate company Walmart in 1962
in 1970 it was made public and during
the 80s and 90s the regional giant
became a national giant over the past 53
years Walmart has flourished from a
single store in Arkansas to more than
11,000 stores across 27 countries
Walmart employees 2.2 million associates
globally if Walmart were its own country
they would have the 27th largest economy
in the world taking in more money than
Austria in GDP so what made the store is
so successful well Sam Walton is said to
have utilized to several smart business
techniques early on which have now
become common practice for retail stores
Walmart bought products in bulk that
allowed them to sell items for cheap
Walmart also relies on sales by volume
instead of just profits made from
high-priced markups
with a variety of cheap products Walmart
appeals to a wide customer base in
recent years they've also shown quick
adaptability to consumer concerns
creating made-in-america campaigns and
eco-friendly Walmart brands to satisfy
anxiety about the loss of American
manufacturing jobs and sustainability
Walmart also doesn't pay high wages and
doesn't offer many health benefits to
workers to keep their overhead costs to
a minimum as a result Walmart's huge
profits are concentrated on the top
tiers of Walmart executives but these
practices have brought Walmart some
controversy many smaller businesses
staged protests when a new Walmart store
is scheduled to come into their town
because it brings so much competition
the stores have been accused of using
predatory pricing to intentionally drive
other businesses out of the area they've
also been at the heart of many
labor lawsuits due to low wages paid to
employees and Walmart's strict
anti-union stance how influential is
Walmart well on the Forbes fortune 500
list of the world's largest companies
per revenue Walmart is ranked number one
beating out Exxon Mobil and Chevron and
since 1998 open secrets reports that
Walmart and its affiliates have spent
over 64 million dollars on political
lobbying mostly favoring Republicans too
many this is unsurprising given that
Republicans have often voted in favor of
corporate interests with increased tax
cuts and no raises for minimum wage the
global director of Deloitte research
says there is nothing like Walmart they
are so much bigger than any retailer has
ever been that it's not possible to
compare certainly they are the most
powerful retail chain in the United
States and they have a huge amount of
economic and political clout to wield in
their favour when Americans talk about
Walmart one of the things that usually
comes up is the minimum wage should it
be raised check out our video here
there's a lot of debate about this issue
one side insists that raising the
minimum wage will inject money into the
economy and lead to more jobs the other
side thinks that it will create
inflation and force layoffs according to
the majority of economists both sides
are totally wrong thanks for watching
test-tube news please remember to
subscribe
