recently in New Jersey about 70 gang
members were arrested on drug and
violence related charges they were a
part of one of the most powerful street
gangs in America the Crips so who are
the Crips and which gangs are the most
dangerous in America while there are
thousands of gangs in the US but the
Department of Justice lists 17 main
organizations as criminal street gangs
these street gangs differ from
motorcycle gangs or prison gangs because
they focus on local city chapters in
urban neighborhoods and often recruit
young members their most prolific
activities include selling drugs like
marijuana and cocaine and using violence
to defend their turf one of the most
well-known and powerful gangs is the
Crips based in Los Angeles and founded
in 1969 they are infamous for wearing
blue and feuding with another less
populous gang the Bloods Crips are
predominantly African American and
claimed between thirty and fifty
thousand members in the u.s. the
Gangster Disciples is another
african-american gang which is based out
of Chicago and boasts somewhere between
25 and 50,000 members the group was
founded in the 1960s and identify
themselves with the colors black and
blue along with the Star of David but
the most powerful and dangerous gangs in
America right now are the 18th Street
gang and Mara Salvatrucha aka ms-13 both
organizations claim thirty to fifty
thousand members total although some
affiliates were side in Mexico both
gangs have a high percentage of members
who are illegal aliens and the gangs are
based out of Southern California in
addition to drug dealing both 18th
Street and ms-13 are highly involved in
drug smuggling and human trafficking
across the Mexican United States border
with their growing membership and
increased outbreaks of violence police
forces have directed special attention
to both gangs in 2004 an FBI Task Force
was specifically created to combat ms-13
gangs have formed all over the world and
throughout history as a result of social
marginalization
although gang members are
disproportionately more likely to be
imprisoned or experienced poverty in
their life many young people see
bangs is an escape from broken homes and
bleak prospects they can also provide a
sense of family and support that is
lacking elsewhere in a gang members life
according to the US government currently
street gangs are one of the most
significant sources of crime and threats
to the general population Chicago is one
of the most violent cities in the United
States due in large part to its gang
activity to learn why the city is such a
hotbed for violent crime take a look at
our video here well there are two main
narratives being used to describe the
situation the first one has to do with
the economic and resource issues that
Chicago is currently facing and the
second one focuses on changes within the
criminals themselves and thank you for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
subscribe
