a Pew study published in 2015 reported
that the number of Americans who don't
affiliate themselves with a religion
jumped by almost 35% it's about 72
million Americans who consider
themselves irreligious and maybe atheist
agnostic or spiritual but unaffiliated
and worldwide 13% of people consider
themselves convinced atheists according
to a 2012 Gallup international poll so
why is atheism more popular than ever
well first it's important to understand
that atheists are distinct from the
religiously unaffiliated atheists firmly
believe that there is no higher power
this is not to be confused with
agnostics who are uncertain of the
existence of higher power however many
people use the two terms interchangeably
for much of history atheism has been
considered a taboo around the world in
medieval times it wasn't uncommon for
atheists and other free thinkers to be
burned at the stake for heresy and even
today atheists can still be executed for
their beliefs in about 13 countries in
Africa Asia and the Middle East despite
their growing popularity negative
stigmas and stereotypes also continue to
affect atheists and the religiously
unaffiliated even in developed countries
like the United States however there
have been growing trends away from
religion in America and many other
Western nations pew has attributed the
change to the maturing millennial
generation of whom more than 30 percent
identify as non-religious comparatively
only about 11% of the Silent Generation
born between 1928 and 1945 is
non-religious other news sources have
noted that for Millennials the rise in
atheism has corresponded to increase
acceptance of things like gay marriage
and abortion conversely many religious
institutions still don't accept these
practices and this conflict of ideas
could indicate that Millennials are
looking away from religions which
exclude themselves or their peers in the
coming years the number of non-religious
people are predicted to grow to over 1.2
billion worldwide compared to nearly 6
billion Christians and Muslims
however the total percentage of non
is actually set to decline overall as
other religious populations grow faster
so which religion is growing the fastest
if you want to dive deeper make sure you
check out our video here
some estimates place the number of
religions worldwide in the thousands
there are over 40,000 Christian sects
alone and if you want to stay up to date
with everything test-tube make sure you
join us on Facebook and Twitter there
are links for those things in the
description below thanks for watching
