Greece is currently about 400 billion
dollars in debt that's about a hundred
and seventy percent of their annual
gross domestic product over the next 50
years they are scheduled to repay that
but with the economy in shambles many
experts wonder if that goal is feasible
but how did Greece end up with so much
debt in the first place and to whom
specifically discrete so money Greece
became somewhat politically and
economically unstable back in the 1970s
after an attempted government coup
nevertheless after a profit spiked in
the 1990s they made the fiscal
requirements to join the eurozone in the
year 2000 this event inextricably tied
Greece to stronger economies like
Germany and France and allowed Grecians
more access to low-interest loans so
public spending and government borrowing
soared even as Greece's debt remained
higher than the eurozone average in the
2000s when the international recession
of 2008 hit Greece spiraled into a debt
crisis to make matters worse in 2009 it
was revealed that Greece had been
falsifying reports on their debt years
when the real statistics were exposed
their national credit rating took a
plunge which in turn caused investors to
jack up interest rates Greece has been
on the brink of bankruptcy
ever since German Chancellor Angela
Merkel later said that Europe should not
have accepted Greece into the euro zone
out of the roughly three hundred billion
dollars in bailout money that Greece
must eventually pay back most of it or
about 47 percent is due to the European
financial stability facility this is the
temporary organization created by
eurozone members to pull money and help
stabilize member countries in crisis
Greece Portugal and Ireland are the
primary recipients of the EFSF 19% of
Greece's debt is held by other eurozone
governments another 12% is held by
private investors and the rest about 22%
is held by the European Central Bank the
International Monetary Fund and Treasury
build holders who are primarily Greek
banks yet after all the financial help
Greece remains in trouble the
unemployment rate for those aged 15 to
24 is at 55 percent further budget cuts
are so unpopular that they have led
riots and protests meanwhile Greece and
other European governments are locked in
heated dispute as to whether Greece
should or even could make more financial
reforms Germany and France who have
invested nearly 115 billion dollars in
the country don't want to see Greece
default on its debt but they are also
refusing to give Greece another bailout
during the next half century Greece
needs to stimulate its economy while
decreasing government spending in the
end most experts agree that Greece will
not be allowed to go bankrupt the
financial loss for other Western
countries including the United States
would be too great and could potentially
create another international recession
although it's uncommon and definitely
not the same as with people countries
can't end up bankrupt to learn more make
sure you check out this full video now
so what happens when countries go
bankrupt first of all a country going
bankrupt is very different from a
corporation or a person going bankrupt
if a corporation or a person clears
bankruptcy there are laws in place which
help both the defaulter and the creditor
recruit losses but if an entire nation
takes a nosedive into bankruptcy it's
sometimes a free-for-all thanks for
watching guys see you all tomorrow
