in 1780 John Adams wrote the liberty of
the press is essential to the security
of freedom countries with the worst
human rights abuses tend to pass laws
prohibiting the publication and
consumption of dissenting opinions
freedom of the press is so important
it's written into the us's First
Amendment but not all countries share
this view so what are the countries with
the worst censorship policies in recent
years media watchdog groups have
repeatedly pointed to the African
country of Eritrea as having the most
aggressively restrictive press
censorship Eritrea has used a sort of
state of emergency concerning their
border dispute with Ethiopia in order to
force independent media outlets to close
and arrest journalists this is
unsurprising in light of the fact that
Eritrea has one of the worst Human
Rights records in the world with
religious persecution indefinite
military conscription and until recently
female genital mutilation as just a few
of their problems since 2023 journalists
have been jailed without being charged
and several have reportedly died in
custody less than 1% of citizens have
internet access and even that is
filtered through the country's only
telecommunications company the next
worst offender is North Korea
information in the Hermit Kingdom is
known to be tightly controlled and
massively misinformed they're
exclusively state-run media makes claims
like North Korea leads the world in
human rights while having among the
worst human rights records in the world
additionally access to the Internet is
rare and unrestricted cell phones are
prohibited some residents are able to
access the country's internal internet
which is a collection of several
thousand government curated websites
designed to spread propaganda Saudi
Arabia is also a big proponent of
punishing dissent as a monarchy the
country uses royal decrees and
anti-terrorism scares to outlaw any
criticism of the government or Islam
they use an absentee court to pass harsh
sentences without the defendant even
being present they also monitor web
traffic blocking any sites that are
incompatible with the state positions in
2011 they passed a law forcing all
online bloggers and news organizations
to apply for a license in order to
continue operating China is also well
known for its strict and aggressive
internet censorship
and holds the largest number of jailed
journalists 44 and 2014 Vietnam's
government has strict laws that dictate
all media should be used as a mouthpiece
for the country's Communist Party
bloggers are kept under supervision
attack to the street and regularly
arrested as reported by the freedom of
the press index only about 14% of the
world lives in a country with a truly
unrestricted press mostly in North
America Europe and Australia the worst
are found in Africa and Asia luckily in
many restrictive countries residents use
clandestine means to gain and report
information from the outside world
despite the harsh punishments they face
it's clear that people will find a way
to get informed in 2009 while I was held
captive in North Korea I was allowed to
watch some television with my guards and
I got an inside look at what the
country's media was really like while
they did have shows related to exercise
cooking and even the American cartoon
Tom and Jerry
the majority of programming was devoted
to government propaganda to learn more
about what got me through that very
difficult time please check out my new
series rituals in March of 2009 I
traveled to northeastern China to report
in a story about North Korean defectors
and it was while we were filming along
the frozen tumen river' that we were
chased down by North Korean soldiers
everything just happened so quickly I
was eventually knocked on
Dryden's North Korea thanks so much for
watching
