before and after the 1994 abolition of
apartheid South Africa was two very
different countries in the former whites
and non-whites were segregated with many
black residents forced out of their
homes and denied citizenship since then
South Africa has flourished economically
but still struggles from extreme
xenophobia high income inequality and
rising crime so how powerful is South
Africa today well in terms of sheer size
South Africa is both the 25th largest
and most populous country in the world
with about 53 million residents spread
across nearly half a million square
miles that's about as big and populous
as to Texas's back to back South
Africa's large population is also one of
the most diverse in the world with no
fewer than 11 official languages
recognised by the Constitution in fact
famed political activists and
ex-president of South Africa Nelson
Mandela called it the rainbow nation to
describe the post apartheid diversity
despite its dark and sometimes violent
past South Africa is one of the only
African countries to have avoided a
violent government takeover since the
country's formation in 1910 they've held
regular elections although for much of
their history voting was limited to the
white minority population economically
South Africa is considered an upper
middle-income economy is rapidly
industrializing with the second largest
GDP in Africa at 366 billion dollars a
year it is also one of the world's top
mining countries producing more than
three-quarters of the world's platinum
along with massive coal gold and diamond
mines
however Africa also suffers from one of
the highest levels of income inequality
in the world one in four South Africans
are unemployed and nearly half live in
poverty in spite of these factors South
Africa's military is rather robust
ranked 32nd in the world they host
nearly 90,000 active troops with a
defense budget of about four-and-a-half
billion but the most interesting aspect
of South Africa's military is their
relationship with nuclear weapons in the
1980s South Africa developed half a
dozen nuclear weapons but in 1989 two
years before the nuclear
non-proliferation treaty the South
African government voluntarily
dismantled all of its nuclear weapons in
the
to bring stability to the southern
African region it was the first ever
nation to do so they also lead the rest
of Africa in the creation of the African
nuclear weapon-free zone an agreement
throughout the continent to prohibit
research development and possession of
nuclear weapons
these efforts helped establish South
Africa as a major player in the
international community South Africa has
made significant strides since the
abolition of apartheid but inequality is
still rampant with attacks on foreigners
on the rise jobs car city and hiv/aids
epidemic and high crime the country may
need to modernize even more rapidly than
they already have been so how powerful
is South Africa well they're working on
it South Africa has seen a recent rise
in violence against immigrants and
minorities in recent years to learn more
about the issue check out our video here
in a country with a 25 percent
unemployment rate along with an
extremely high crime rate immigrants are
an easy target for local frustrations
one study found that amongst police
officers 87 percent believed that many
of the country's undocumented immigrants
were criminals despite no statistics
supporting that accusation thanks for
watching test-tube don't forget to
subscribe
