recently a potential vaccine for Ebola
has tested positively with primates
possibly signalling the end of the
crisis in West Africa much progress has
been made against the spread of the
virus and a number of aspects of society
have changed to prevent the diseases
spread so where do we stand now with
Ebola and how is the region changed
since the outbreak this episode is
brought to you by aj+
well since the outbreak started in
December 2013 the Ebola epidemic has
killed more than 10,000 people mostly in
Liberia Sierra Leone and Guinea but at
the beginning of the new year rates of
infections started to decline the status
of the epidemic now is descriptively
compared to the embers of a devastating
fire still dangerous but not out of
control so what has changed in West
African society well customs and social
norms of human contact have been heavily
restricted to help prevent the spread of
the virus
Liberian citizens now refrain from a
previously common finger-snap greeting
and traditional West African funerals
which involve washing the dead have been
banned to prevent infection in Sierra
Leone even Christmas was canceled in
order to limit social contact the
closures of hospitals and schools also
made it difficult for Africans to get
treatment for non Ebola related diseases
and forced many children to forfeit
their education casualties from Ebola
and other untreated illnesses left a
number of families destitute and
children orphaned in April 2015 the
director-general of the World Health
Organization admitted that they were
slow to respond and the whole world
including the w-h-o failed to see what
was unfolding the w-h-o has since
pledged to increase the budgets of their
emergency response units and grow their
presence in communities at risk right
now we haven't beaten Ebola but its grip
on West Africa is weakening in March
2015 there were around 427 new cases and
so far in April that number has dropped
to about 100 new cases some experts have
suggested that the virus will be gone
from West Africa by summer 2015 and
possibly with the development of new
vaccines the disease will be entirely
eradicated in the near future
although the 2014 Ebola crisis is less
scary a year later the ramifications of
the epidemic live
to learn about the stigmas survivors are
facing check out this video from aj+ or
to learn what a bola actually does to
your body check out this one below thank
you for watching test-tube don't forget
to subscribe
