recently the Italian Coast Guard rescued
144 migrants in the Mediterranean Sea
the group was allegedly fleeing Libya
when their boat capsized killing more
than 400 other migrants on board last
year nearly 200,000 refugees made the
same dangerous trek to Italy and more
than three thousand of them died on the
way so what's going on why are so many
migrants risking their lives to leave
Libya
well since the 2011 uprising against
Muammar Qaddafi Libya has been in a near
constant state of civil war between two
major political factions and various
armed militias to learn more about that
watch our video on what Libya looks like
after Gadhafi also Isis has taken
advantage of Libya's turmoil and gain a
foothold in the region in February 2015
they beheaded 21 Egyptian men in Libya
and held a military parade with a fleet
of pickup trucks as a result reports
from the region show that oil production
and subsequently Libya's GDP have
experienced steep declines the Atlantic
Council warned in 2014 that Libya was
facing an economic collapse faced with a
dysfunctional broke and violence-prone
state many migrants choose to risk the
dangerous journey across the
Mediterranean in hopes of a better life
in Europe refugees from Syria Somalia
and Eritrea contribute to the total
number of migrants passing through Libya
the country is considered to be the best
place to attempt a sea crossing with an
alleged high success rate Libyan coast
lines are extensive and often
unpatrolled and since both the current
governments have their hands full trying
to conquer and stabilize the nation
their interest in deterring the vast
amount of human trafficking on Libyan
Shores is minimal for more on the chaos
in Libya and the threat Isis poses watch
our videos now thanks for watching
test-tube and subscribe for new videos
every day
