Antarctica is the windiest coldest
driest and most uninhabited region on
the planet with 98% of the continent
covered in miles thick ice and limited
resources Antarctica is easily the most
naturally inhospitable place on earth
still that barren ice scape covers 1/10
of the world's land and as we know most
countries aren't super willing to let
unclaimed land stay unclaimed currently
51 countries have joint international
control over Antarctica with seven
claiming overlapping jurisdictions over
certain portions so who exactly controls
Antarctica well back when there was
still unexplored land ready for the
taking in the world in order to control
a territory you usually had to be an
Aboriginal inhabitant a powerful
occupying force or at the very least the
first person to show up in Antarctica's
case there are no indigenous peoples nor
even an occupying force and even today
there is no permanent human population
so it's hard to argue that any one
dominant nation controls the continent
throughout the 19th and early 20th
centuries a number of expeditions to
Antarctica led to many surrounding
islands and bays being claimed by
different countries the first was the
United Kingdom which attempted to lay
claim to most of the continent this land
grabbed worried international powers and
around the 1930s France Norway Argentina
Chile and Nazi Germany began carving out
their own territorial claims on
Antarctica following the end of World
War two Germany lost any claim to the
land and the u.s. asserted its own
territorial Dominion by 1959 following a
period of scientific frenzy on the
continent twelve countries signed the
Antarctic Treaty establishing the area
as a condominium not like the type of
housing it means that multiple countries
mutually agreed to have equal
sovereignty over a territory although
technically all the previous territorial
claims are still in effect since then a
few dozen more countries have joined on
to the Antarctic Treaty
so who owns Antarctica well in short no
one and everyone the Antarctic Treaty
establishes the continent as a
scientific preserve only to be used for
peaceful scientific purposes that means
no military activity or nuclear testing
and free
sharing of any scientific discoveries
plus there's an environmental moratorium
on mining and drilling until at least
as of now Antarctica may be one of the
few places in the world where a mutual
international cooperation has led to
peaceful dispute resolution and
uninhibited scientific research things
are equally complicated on the opposite
side of our planet - and the debate over
the North Pole gets a lot more messy to
learn why check out our video here to
put it into basic terms each nation owns
the natural resources of any water or
land under that water so long as it's
within 200 nautical miles of their
Shores or up to 300 nautical miles of
their continental shelf make sure you
stay on top of our new videos by
subscribing to test-tube thank you for
watching
