this episode is brought to you by a j+
there's a quote that's been attributed
to political scientist Henry Kissinger
it goes who controls the food supply
controls the people now whether or not
Kissinger actually said that it doesn't
take away from the fact that food like
water can be a powerful bargaining tool
for people and governments alike despite
being considered a human right by the UN
so just how powerful is food the biggest
agricultural exporters in the world are
the EU and the US which together account
for roughly 300 billion dollars a year
each nearly doubles Brazil's exports and
triples China's the EU is high ranking
however is almost entirely due to the
Netherlands who are the second largest
food exporter in the world after the
u.s. additionally many staple foods are
overwhelmingly produced by a single
country for example as much as 40% of
the world's corn is grown in the United
States and just over a quarter of the
world's rice is grown in China with only
a few players controlling the world's
food they end up wielding a great deal
of international power in 1976 the US
Secretary of Agriculture said food is a
weapon alluding to the use of food to
promote u.s. goals and as a tool against
difficult countries for example in 2012
the u.s. offered North Korea some
much-needed food aid in exchange for
suspending their nuclear program then
after North Korea attempted to launch a
long-range rocket later that year the
u.s. rescinded their aid offer however
attempts at food embargo since the
1960's have mostly fallen flat as the
global economy has made it possible to
maintain supply and international
pressure has criticized the ethics of
restricting food on the flipside
Russia's recent ban on food imports in
response to EU sanctions has had a
strong effect on food producers in
Germany Peak farmers who alone supply a
quarter of Russia's pork are expected to
lose out on 40,000 euros per farm this
year the status and control of food on
an international level
cannot be understated but using food as
a political tool has been met with mixed
results and restricting access to food
has regularly been frowned on and
legislated against so how powerful is
food powerful but not always for the
right reasons changing climates are
threatening a number of important crops
across the world and chocolate is an
interesting example to learn more about
how the industry is being threatened
check out this video from aj+ this is
some terrible news because I just
learned that climate change is actually
threatening cocoa production which means
less chocolate for people who love it
like me and that changes everything
thanks for watching test-tube please
remember to subscribe
