in the aftermath of the UK voting to
leave the European Union leaders of
Britain's political parties have begun
to jump ship to avoid dealing with the
brexit crisis party leaders David
Cameron and Nigel Farage have both
resigned and Boris Johnson has decided
not to run for prime minister the
country will likely see radical changes
so we wanted to know what are the UK's
political parties that will dictate its
future well not unlike the United States
the United Kingdom primarily operates
under two major parties however third
parties are not nearly as disregarded as
they are in the u.s. early UK politics
was primarily between the Whigs which
represented the English aristocracy
versus the Tories made up of the Church
of England and the landed gentry for
land owners once official political
parties began to form between the 1830s
and 1860s most Tories became the right
leaning Conservative Party while the
Whigs turned into the left-wing liberal
party by the early 20th century the
Liberal Party was replaced as the
majority Left Party by a similar but
workers rights focused Labour Party
these two parties have since alternated
power but third parties have seen major
support within Parliament and are able
to influence government policy in a
significant way the largest party by
vote is the officially called
conservative and unionist party which
will be led by David Cameron until his
official resignation as Prime Minister
in the 2015 general election the party
received nearly 37% of the vote and
represents moderate economic principles
and euro scepticism or opposition to the
European Union the next largest party
with about 30 percent of the vote is the
Labour Party headed by Jeremy Corbyn
like its original incarnation it is Pro
workers rights and supports the EU as
well as implementing democratic
socialism such as the type found in some
Nordic countries however the Labour
Party also implements a process called
the third way which is a centrist
mixture of left and right economic
principles the Labour Party also has a
reliant partnership with the
co-operative Party which holds 25 seats
in parliament and is an officially
registered party but doesn't have a
central leader while both labour and
conservative lean ideologically away
from each other they are closer to the
center than other third parties the
largest third party following the 2015
general election is the UK Independence
Party
or you kit which received twelve and a
half percent of the moat
it's a right-wing group promoting
anti-immigration euro skepticism and a
relatively free-market economy called
liberalism it's ex leader Nigel Farage
was accused of encouraging the brexit
vote through dishonest propaganda such
as promising millions of pounds to be
used for health care which it likely
will not be on the other side of the
political spectrum is the Liberal
Democrats party
these are progressives who oppose
overreaching government intervention
while supporting a government safety net
for things like housing and medical care
in the recent election they received
less than 8% there are actually more
than 10 political parties holding seats
in the House of Commons with some of the
smaller ones focused on Irish and
Scottish independence and various green
parties focused on environmentalism and
social equality but besides those with
direct representation there are also
dozens of local parties including one
fancy dress party a protest group formed
in 1979 with party leaders resigning and
mass following the brexit vote the
future of the UK in its political system
seem uncertain and may just see a third
party finally in the domination of the
two main parties the UK has its fair
share of third parties and so does the
United States so who are the u.s. as
third party candidates and the race for
the White House find out in this video
those on the ideological Left may be
more apt to go for Green Party nominee
Jill Stein Stein is a Harvard Medical
School graduate and as a political focus
on public health and the environment
Stein is promised to address climate
change and create renewable energy jobs
through a so-called green New Deal
a play on FDR's New Deal initiative to
rebuild America after the Great
Depression thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
you
