it's crazy to plead insanity says one
law professor this plea rarely works and
yet some of the most famous mass
murderers have attempted it just this
month a dear a Ralph the killer of
American sniper Chris Kyle was deemed
sane by the jury
despite his insanity plea and convicted
of murder so why is it so hard to prove
insanity first of all pleading insanity
means that you admit to the crime itself
but you're not responsible because
you're insane also you should not be put
in prison or sentence to death the
problem is that it's hard to prove
insanity in most US courts the burden of
proof is on the accused a defendant must
prove beyond a reasonable doubt that he
or she was so mentally ill that they
didn't know right from wrong during the
crime in the Roth case during the
closing argument the prosecution
highlighted the fact that Ralph did have
enough mental capacity after the murder
to order a burrito at a fast-food
restaurant if he was insane according to
the prosecution this food trip would be
unlikely another reason the insanity
plea usually doesn't work according to
several lawyers is that jurors are
hesitant to acquit people who have
committed horrible crimes the insanity
plea at its basic level is a plea of
innocence people often feel that someone
who is aware that they committed murder
deserves to be convicted and that the
insanity plea is an easy way out
Ralph's confessed to committing murder
yet pleaded insanity despite a history
of schizophrenia and PTSD the jury
convicted him
similarly in May 2014 David tarlof also
tried the insanity plea after he
brutally killed his psychologist he too
suffered from schizophrenia
necessitating several hospital stays
but again the jury found him sane and
guilty a 1995 report from the american
academy of psychiatry and the law says
that on average insanity pleas are
raised in less than 1% of criminal
trials and only about a quarter of those
pleas are successful often the media
frenzy over famous murderers who plead
insanity like Ted Bundy and that creates
a false idea that insanity pleas are
common and that they work many criminals
do have severe mental health issues and
there are many way
of criminally processing them but for
the majority of cases in the United
States the insanity plea doesn't work
out our new network seeker has
officially launched and there is some
awesome stuff I really want to recommend
to you this happened here takes a look
at the stories behind some of the most
amazing and beautiful photos from around
the world the trip across the glacier
wasn't a walk in the park either the
shifting ice can send rocks and debris
tumbling randomly down the slope and
there's the occasional massive hole to
watch out for click the link at the very
top of the description to see more let
us know what you think and thanks for
watching test-tube
