you asked us to check out how Canada
ranks is a world power so here we are
how powerful is Canada well for starters
Canada is the second largest country in
the world after Russia however most of
their land is uninhabited Arctic tundra
as a result the entire country has a
lower population than California a
smaller population means a smaller GDP
ranking Canada's economy as 14th in the
world as of 2013 but despite their
comparatively smaller status Canada has
some pretty enormous friends Canada's
biggest trading partner and geopolitical
Ally is the United States which buys
more Canadian exports than any other
country and accounts for 1/3 of American
oil usage in fact they are the fifth
largest oil producer in the world with
the third largest oil reserves but the
recent debate about the Keystone XL
pipeline is shining a light on Canada's
controversial practice of fracking to
extract crude oil now that oil prices
have fallen so have the government's
hopes to use fracking as a means of
reining in the national debt oil
instability has also dropped the value
of the Canadian dollar 20 percent from
where it was two years ago this may be
good for exporters but bad for everybody
else still the Canadian economy has seen
healthy growth during the past few years
from its car and aerospace manufacturing
industries Canada spends about 1 percent
of its GDP on defense about half of what
NATO suggests four member countries by
comparison the United States spends
about 4% but Canada's investment in
their military has kept them supplied
with a small well-paid and
technologically competent military
ranked 14th in the world even though
they have a small army they are well
protected by NATO NORAD and the United
States nuclear umbrella Canada is also
quite a popular global trade partner
with free trade and investment
agreements with nearly every part of the
world despite participating in well
known conflicts like the fight against
Isis Canada is ranked as one of the
world's most peaceful nations between
Canada's enormous landmass friendly
relationship with the United States and
high ranking GDP military and export
economy Canada is one of the more
powerful countries in the world
however Canada is a relatively new
nation luckily their most powerful asset
is their mutually beneficial allied
at us with much of the world and that
doesn't seem to be going away anytime
soon we've made a bunch of these how
powerful videos including countries like
India China Russia and more you can
watch the full playlist right here and
if you want to check out something
completely different watch this awesome
video from seeker about how Nicaragua
may be on the verge of another People's
Revolution
thank you for watching test-tube please
subscribe
