this episode of test-tube is brought to
you by a j+ according to a UN report
nearly half of the entire African
continent population is under the age of
18 the population is set to double by
2050 reaching 2.4 billion Africa is on
the brink of a youth bulge so what does
the future hold for Africa's youth
philanthropists are encouraging
socio-economic growth through young
people there are many scholarship
programs available for use to improve
their future through education job
opportunities and living conditions the
Obama administration has a young African
leaders initiative which aims to foster
and connect outstanding members of the
next generation
Yale University also offers a young
African Scholars Program there are even
competitions like ones created by social
entrepreneurship organization Ashoka and
the MasterCard Foundation which seek
innovations in employment for the youth
by the youth of Africa alumni of the
organization's our boasted to come from
every African country and they have
created new operations like the Africa
yoga project in Kenya the after-school
peer mentoring project in Nigeria and
the young volunteers for the environment
in Togo winners of the 2014 Ashoka
MasterCard foundation competition came
from Uganda Malawi Nigeria Burkina Faso
and Cameroon some of the programs helped
pregnant women gain access to medical
information or helped girls earn money
through small passion fruit farms one
program set up business classes for
ex-convicts which makes them less likely
to return to prison according to several
reports young Africans are interested in
entrepreneurship the tech industry and
agricultural innovations young
entrepreneurs are coming together in
numerous startup think tanks all across
the continent especially in Nigeria and
South Africa mobile phone use in Africa
has skyrocketed also to six hundred and
fifty million subscribers in 2013 which
has become a pretty positive
game-changer for tech development the
tech industry is also helping to advance
the agricultural industry with mobile
apps that help update farmers on market
prices and track crop cycles Africa's
youth is the driving force behind its
digital revolution which affects not
only the continent but the world by 2100
it is estimated that 40% of the world
we'll be African which means the
advances Africa makes today are critical
to the future of our planet for more on
Africa's rising industries and new
startups check out this animation from
our friends at aj+ and be sure to
subscribe for new test-tube videos every
day of the week
thanks for watching
