labor union membership in the United
States has fallen steadily since the
1960s to 11% its lowest point in 98
years so what are labor unions and are
they still useful well American labor
unions took off during the Industrial
Revolution the Civil War decimated the
rural southern economy driving many
young people to urban industrial jobs
labor unions formed to unite workers
that they had some bargaining power
about wages and work conditions
historically manual laborers were paid
low wages and then cast aside when they
could no longer do the work
however when union membership exploded
in the late 1930s laborers were able to
demand better treatment since then many
companies have been forced to strike a
delicate balance between their
relentless pursuit of profits and
appeasing the unions today was so few
American workers belonging to a union
many argue that they should be done away
with altogether a 2008 report by the
Heritage Foundation think-tank argues
that unions are obsessed with equal
treatment of workers to a point where
individual merit is nullified and
promotions are only based on seniority
the report also points out that many of
the repetitive manufacturing jobs of
yesteryear are now performed by machines
modern jobs just aren't as suitable for
unions on the other hand the Economic
Policy Institute reports in 2012 that
the decline of union membership is
allowing employers to undercut low and
middle wage workers their increasingly
limited access to good jobs and Economic
Security contributes to the growing gap
between the rich and poor in America so
how much power do existing labor unions
have well corporations have all but
eliminated private sector unions however
public sector jobs still have a 35
percent membership on average especially
workers in education training and
library services a 2013 Bureau of Labor
Statistics report identifies a pay gap
of nearly $4 per hour between Union and
non-union workers which is over $7,000
more per year unions also have more
access to employer health care and
insurance benefits for the workplaces
that do have unions members continue to
benefit from higher wages and job
security than their non-union
counterparts so they are still very
useful in America
whoever labor unions constant decline in
popularity calls into question the
future of organized labor the debate on
the ultimate merits and necessity of
American labor unions rages on learn
more about the American economy by
checking out this video here this graph
shows the number of jobs added year over
year the dip in jobs added from 2008 to
2010 represents the bursting of the
housing bubble the subprime mortgage
disaster and the Great Recession and
click to subscribe to test-tube daily
