this episode is brought to you by aj+
recently President Obama announced a new
program to create a pool of DNA samples
from 1 million volunteers this would be
just one of many government-run DNA
databases around the world ones proposed
for a variety of well-meaning reasons
like health care and preventing crimes
but many people are worried that this
precision medicine is the ultimate
example of Big Brother and another set
in ending privacy for good so our DNA
database is worth it
the first DNA database was started in
the UK in 1995 soon other countries
followed suit a 2008 Interpol study of
149 countries found that 54 nations had
a national DNA database and 26 others
planned to start one for the most part
these databases started as a way to
track and catch criminals and it's
worked using its own DNA database the
USA's FBI has helped solved innumerable
crimes these cases have even exonerated
innocent people who are facing execution
and Chinese police have also set up a
DNA database that has connected over two
thousand kidnapped children with their
parents but the effectiveness of using
DNA is not what people are concerned
about
it's how large these databases are
growing originally DNA was only
collected from people who were convicted
of crimes however now in countries like
the United States DNA samples are taken
from people even if they are simply
suspected of or questioned about the
crime this has grown the FBI database
into the largest in the world with more
than 3.5 percent of the country's DNA on
file if Obama's new DNA program is
deemed a success then it's not
unthinkable that one day most of the
populations DNA will be filed by the
government advocates of the scheme
suggest that the general population
shouldn't be fearful of the new proposal
as the database would only be utilized
to support health care initiatives and
catch criminals but while this could
mean crimes are easier to solve
experts worried that the mismanagement
of such a system could leave the
database open to hackers and other
skeptics are concerned that supporting
the new program is one step closer to
mandatory DNA samples for every man
woman and child in the country what do
you think about DNA databases should all
countries adopt them let us know in the
comments and make sure to subscribe to
get all the latest test-tube that
