after an Isis video was released of a
Jordanian fighter pilot being executed
king abdullah ii of jordan issued a
quick and forceful military response the
monarch has since emerged as a force to
be reckoned with so who is king abdullah
ii and why is everyone calling him the
warrior king prince abdullah is born in
amman jordan in 1962 his military career
begins in 1980 where he attends the UK
royal military academy he serves in the
british army before returning home to
join jordan's armed forces in the 90s
prince abdullah assumes command of
jordan special forces an elite military
unit tasked with defending state
security following the death of his
father abdullah ascends the throne in
the early days of his reign it's
reported that abdullah dons elaborate
disguises to enable him to see what
conditions are really like in jordan as
a result he increases anti-corruption
efforts and initiatives to stimulate
business and foreign investment in
jordan he also strengthens Jordan's
military force with sophisticated
weaponry and a fleet of f-16 fighter
jets Jordan is a consistent force in the
fight against Islamic militant groups
who threatened their borders following
the ISIS execution of a Jordanian
fighter pilot king abdullah orders waves
of airstrikes on Isis targets in Syria
the Royal Hashemite Court releases a
picture of king abdullah in full
military gear the image prompts reports
of his skills as a Cobra attack
helicopter pilot scuba diver and
parachutist coupled with his hardline
stance against Isis the press nicknames
Abdullah the warrior king so what do you
think of King Abdullah tell us in the
comments below and for more details on
Jordans response to Isis click here to
watch our video
