On February 8th Alabama's Chief Justice
Roy Moore issued a last-minute order to
Alabama probate judges to deny same-sex
marriage licenses this directly
conflicted with a federal court decision
on January 23rd which legalized gay
marriage in the state of Alabama so what
happens now our state's able to defy
federal law first off as you may know
federal laws apply to the whole United
States and state laws apply to just the
state when a conflict between federal
and state law arises article 6 Clause 2
of the Constitution aka the Supremacy
Clause says that federal law trumps
state law so how is Alabama able to defy
the federal ruling well in most cases
they're not at least not for long
the feds have the Army National Guard on
their side which the president can send
in to enforce federal law whenever he or
she needs it some states have their own
Defense Force but it's nowhere near as
powerful in the 50s Arkansas refused to
comply with scholastic desegregation and
sent the state army to block African
American children known as the Little
Rock Nine from attending a white school
President Eisenhower responded by
temporarily federalizing the Arkansas
National Guard and sending additional
troops to enforce the new Supreme Court
decision similarly after the Civil War
President Grant resorted to federally
prosecuting KKK members because southern
states refused to bring many criminals
to justice if the federal government
wants to assert its dominance over state
it's easy and legal for them to do so
but sometimes they take a back seat
recently in Colorado Washington Oregon
in Alaska marijuana has been legalized
despite federal laws which maintain that
the drug is still illegal in this case
president obama has encouraged his
administration to divert law enforcement
resources elsewhere he says the trend
towards legalization is growing the US
Justice Department memorandum in 2009
confirmed that when it comes to medical
marijuana use they will let the state's
police themselves as of Monday February
9th the Washington Post reports that
many Alabama County officials still
resisted issuing same-sex marriage
licenses despite the recent federal
court ruling currently there's a lot of
confusion in Alabama and it may not
subside until the Supreme Court
America's highest court of appeal makes
a decision on
issue the Supreme Court is slated to
hear arguments on the constitutionality
of same-sex marriage in April today 13
states continue to ban gay marriage
think the Supreme Court is safe from the
battle between Democrats and Republicans
they're actually more biased than you
might think
check out our video here to learn more
World justices like Ginsburg have also
been found to vote for liberal free
speech issues with disproportionate
frequency thanks for watching
