Greece a country with huge financial
problems just elected Alexis tsipras as
their new prime minister he promised to
renegotiate with the EU for further
bailouts in an attempt to stabilize the
economy and lessen the debt burden on
the Greek population if he does not
succeed there is a real chance that
Greece could be on the brink of
bankruptcy again so what happens when
countries go bankrupt first of all a
country going bankrupt is very different
from a corporation or a person going
bankrupt if a corporation or a person
clears bankruptcy there are laws in
place which help both the defaulter and
the creditor recruit losses but if an
entire nation takes a nosedive into
bankruptcy it's sometimes a free-for-all
historically creditor nations were known
to seize assets by force or blockaded
country's ports until debt payments
resumed even in 2012 an Argentinian navy
vessel was impounded in a port in Ghana
because of disputes over Argentina's
sovereign debt however usually nowadays
long and complicated court battles are
the norm and in all cases the outcomes
are very unpredictable many countries
have been almost or completely bankrupt
in recent history countries like Greece
Ireland Portugal Pakistan Spain
Argentina and Iceland although there are
many unique circumstances that lead some
countries to debt crises a weak
government structure and out-of-control
spending is typical that's what happened
to Argentina in the late 20th century
the government announced in 2001 that it
could not pay its foreign debt and there
was a cash flight from their banks as
people withdrew their savings protesters
took to the streets as money problems
grew and a mob forced the Argentinian
president to flee in a helicopter later
in 2003 the country stabilized itself by
addressing the currency exchange rate
problems encouraging economic growth and
negotiating foreign debt there are tons
of factors that led to their recovery
but focusing in on spending and getting
help from the international community
was paramount the financial crisis in
Iceland was different in 2008 the main
Icelandic banks failed and the
government refused to bail them out this
kept the government from overextending
and risking bankruptcy but it also
endangered the financial situation of
their citizens to correct this policy
makers took bailouts from the
International Monetary Fund which
allowed them to build and protect social
support programs and forgive homeowner
currently Iceland is well on its way to
recovery with a low unemployment rate
and a growing economy as history shows
there are many ways that countries have
corrected bad financial situations we
can't say how Greece will move forward
in the crises but we can say that there
are options and solutions to be found to
find out more about the EU the
International Monetary Fund and many
other major international organizations
check out our video on the International
alphabet soup of acronyms that are out
there first off is NATO the North
Atlantic Treaty Organization this is a
group of states who've agreed to defend
each other against military and
political threats from non NATO members
thank you for watching test-tube daily
we make new videos every single day
subscribe for more
