measles a disease that was declared
eliminated in the u.s. in the year 2000
is now at the center of an outbreak at
Disneyland in California more than 50
people have been infected with measles
there and the outbreak has sparked fresh
calls for parents to vaccinate their
children in 2013
reuters reported that almost half of
babies and toddlers were not receiving
the recommended vaccinations on time the
question is why are some parents
foregoing vaccinations and how will this
affect the population in general the
Centers for Disease Control the
organization tasked with limiting the
spread of disease in the u.s. recommends
that all Americans received vaccination
shots for various diseases no federal
law exists forcing parents to vaccinate
their children but all 50 states require
vaccinations for children entering
public schools however a large number of
states allow parents to opt out of these
vaccinations in some states it's as easy
as signing a piece of paper why are
these parents opting out well children
with weakened immune systems or other
medical conditions should not receive
some vaccinations without a doctor's
recommendation those that are part of a
culture or religion that tends to be
against vaccinations like some Amish or
Hasidic communities also choose to opt
out other children primarily from
low-income households simply slip
through the cracks because their parents
don't have the time money or access
needed to vaccinate them then there are
some parents who fear their children
will develop autism or have other severe
reactions to the shot this belief stems
from a 1998 study linking autism to
vaccinations a study that has since been
discredited and retracted in 2010 the
CDC citing several studies completely
rejects the claim of vaccines causing
autism still the myth persists also
there are indications that a section of
parents in the well educated middle
class choose to delay the shots because
they're concerned that the government's
one vaccine schedule fits all approach
isn't right for their child still this
population is relatively new and has not
been fully studied as of yet so why does
this matter it matters because there is
evidence that people who are not
vaccinated against certain diseases like
measles or whooping cough are not only
endangering themselves but also naturing
the vaccinated majority when fewer
people are vaccinated for diseases the
chances that even vaccinated people will
be infected goes
this is because no vaccine is 100%
effective the immunity of large groups
which is known as herd immunity only
fully works in an environment with high
vaccination rates when the majority of a
group of people is immune to a disease
that disease is less likely to spread
far even among non vaccinated people
herd immunity serves as a vital buffer
to babies who are too young and other
people who are too sick to be vaccinated
if herd immunity dips below 90% for
diseases like measles or whooping cough
larger outbreaks occur and that's
exactly what's been happening now as
more parents refuse to vaccinate their
children ultimately the choice to
vaccinate yourself or your child is up
to you but we urge you to get all of the
facts before you consider not
vaccinating your child you can find the
links to the studies we used below
including the CDC link urging you to
vaccinate your child and to learn more
about whether vaccines cause autism
check out this dnews video but if you
refuse to vaccinate people out of a
misguided attempt to prevent them from
acquiring autism that's a lifelong
problem for your child and other
children also if it hasn't showed up by
the time you're older you're not going
to catch autism so get your adult
vaccines for sure thanks for watching
