this week in Yemen a group of rebels
from the Houthi minority staged an
alleged coup some fear that the
resulting power vacuum will also lead to
increased al-qaeda activity in the
region so what is Yemen's civil unrest
about and why is terrorism thriving
there Yemen is the poorest country in
the Middle East around half the
population lives below the poverty line
there are a few jobs to be had and food
is expensive which prompts unrest among
the general population the Houthi group
in northwestern Yemen is one group
pushing for change they belong to an
offshoot of Shia Islam known as a it ISM
while the majority of Yemen is Sunni
however their criticism of the
government has drawn local support from
some Sunni Muslims the Houthis are armed
and have significant political
bargaining powers because they control
large sections of northern Yemen in
September of 2014 Houthi leaders agreed
to a ceasefire so long as the Yemeni
government was willing to adjust the
country's constitution to include more
political representation for minority
groups like them but in December of 2014
the Houthis rejected a new draft of the
constitution that feeling that it didn't
do enough to address their needs they've
kidnapped the president's chief of staff
and took control of the state TV they
also took over the presidential palace
and surrounded the home of the prime
minister now the country may be on the
brink of an all-out civil war and the
political turmoil is benefitting
terrorist groups Yemen is home to one of
the most dangerous networks al Qaeda in
the Arab pintia or AQAP AQAP has claimed
responsibility for the Charlie Hebdo
shootings and reportedly inspired two
attacks of America AQAP is on the rise
in Yemen for many reasons one of which
is the fact that both the Yemeni
government and the Houthi rebels who are
normally fighting AQAP are instead
fighting each other meanwhile al Qaeda
forces are gaining ground elsewhere in
Yemen terrorist groups flourish and
political chaos and turmoil and Yemen
makes it easier for AQAP to recruit and
train new soldiers the US has vested
interest in keeping Yemen out of the
hands of terrorists the long word
Journal reports that they have made more
than 100 drone strikes there since 2002
and since 2011
they've reportedly provided Yemen with
nearly 1 billion dollars in economic
military and humanitarian aid however
this has had a little effect on the
political unrest in the country
interested in the politics of the Middle
East check out these videos on why India
and Pakistan hate each other and what
the Taliban wants in Pakistan thanks for
watching test-tube please subscribe
