tensions are high in France in the wake
of the Charlie Hebdo attacks and
retaliatory violence and threats against
the Muslim community have already been
made there have been numerous instances
in which mosques were defaced shot at or
bombed the question is are these
isolated incidents or does France have
an issue with Islam unfortunately France
does have somewhat of an antagonistic
relationship with its Muslim population
France is a secular nation with strict
laws designed to separate church and
state some French policymakers have used
these secular beliefs to make things
more difficult for France's Muslim
population practicing Islam demands
physical expressions of belief from many
of its followers this includes wearing
the hijab or headscarf in 2004 French
policymakers were able to legally ban
his jobs and other religious head
coverings from public schools
politicians responsible for the
legislation said conspicuous religious
symbols and public schools conflicted
with the secular policies or with the
French call lazy Tay
later in 2011 veils that cover the face
were officially outlawed from public
spaces on the grounds of public safety
lawmakers touted the ruling as a win for
feminism and freedom of expression but
some Muslim women argue the opposite
point Muslim women who choose to express
their religious beliefs freely by
wearing a veil are now unable to access
public spaces without either being fined
or jeopardizing their own beliefs
the French collective against
Islamophobia also says that since the
new law there has been an explosion in
physical attacks against veiled women
adding to all of this is the fact that
one of the leading right-wing
politicians marine lepen who obtained
18% of the votes in the first round of
the 2012 presidential elections there is
unabashedly anti Islam her National
Front party wants to drastically cut
down on immigration into the country
according to her Muslims are advancing
in the neighborhoods they are putting
pressure on the population they are
recruiting young boys to train for jihad
in April 2014 lepen announced that in
towns won by National Front candidates
there would no longer be pork free lunch
alternatives in some public schools
which obviously effect
both Muslim and Jewish children all of
these things contribute to some news
organizations labeling France as
Islamophobic and it's hard to ignore the
signs of disturbing intolerance in the
region since the Charlie Hebdo shootings
there have been reportedly more than 50
separate attacks on the Muslim community
if you found this video interesting
subscribe to test-tube and check out
this other video about the rise of
Nazism in Germany other European
countries are also dealing with this
problem in Greece in 2014 the Golden
Dawn party received over 9 percent of
the vote gaining three seats in the
European Parliament thanks for watching
you
