following the UK's 2016 brexit vote
Prime Minister David Cameron announced
his resignation this paved the way for
Cameron's longtime political rival Boris
Johnson to succeed him as Prime Minister
later this year so who is Boris Johnson
and how likely is it that he'll be the
UK's next prime minister
well Boris Johnson also known as bozo is
a right-leaning Member of Parliament and
was mayor of London from 2008 to 2016
Johnson is technically a member of the
UK's Conservative Party but is often
described as libertarian due to his push
for small government and criticism of
the EU coupled with his support for
socially liberal causes like legalizing
marijuana as mayor Johnson became well
known in UK politics largely for
supporting international trade missions
and campaigning for the 2012 Games held
in London he simultaneously earned pop
culture stardom for his financial
scandals romantic entanglements and
public antics for instance during the
2012 games Johnson famously got stuck
while ziplining over London and was left
hanging waving a Union Jack in each hand
this type of outlandish behavior has
earned Johnson the nickname the Donald
Trump of the UK and indeed the two
populist conservatives share a number of
similarities both were born in New York
City and later went to prestigious
universities and both sport unmistakable
hairstyles like Trump Johnson is often
praised for his helot like it is humour
while also criticised for his racist
chauvinistic and often inaccurate
rhetoric most infamously Johnson
described former UK Prime Minister Tony
Blair as a mixture of Harry Houdini and
a greased pig --let and in 2015 he was
caught on video telling a London cab
driver to eff off and die it may come as
a surprise that Johnson has a longtime
competitive relationship with Prime
Minister David Cameron stemming back to
their college years at Oxford both were
members of the infamous Bullingdon Club
a well known upper
fraternity in 2001 the two frenemies
competed against each other for a seat
in parliament in Cameron won but their
most ferocious competition began in
early 2016 when Johnson publicly
announced he would join the brexit
effort to leave directly opposing
Cameron's bid to stay Johnston's
outspoken support of brexit is believed
to be a huge factor in why voters
actually chose to leave and despite his
polarizing opinions his term as mayor
was marked by a 54 percent approval
rating however that same poll showed
that only 33 percent of Londoners
believed he would be a good Prime
Minister in the aftermath of the brexit
vote public opinion of the historically
well-liked politician has taken a hit
Johnson was recently moved by an angry
crowd while leaving his London home
meanwhile his own party has manifested
in anyone but Boris campaign to block
his chances of becoming PM in the coming
months Johnson stands a good chance of
being appointed the interim Prime
Minister by his party which holds a
majority in parliament but when the
inevitable general election occurs
there's no guarantee Johnson will fare
well the future of the UK following
brexit is incredibly uncertain but the
immediate effects have been dramatic
learn more about what we know and what
might happen in the coming years by
watching this video London is the most
important financial center in Europe and
financial markets account for 10 percent
of the UK's GDP but by leaving the EU
the UK will no longer be party to the EU
s financial regulations making it
impossible to rely on for financial
investment until new regulations are
established thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
