terrorist acts have spread and increased
over the last decade in response many
nations are increased in the military
spending yet there are some other
countries that don't have any military
at all the question is who are these
countries and how can they afford to not
have a military in these difficult times
well there are currently 23 nations
without an active military including
Costa Rica Iceland Panama and the
Vatican and there are many reasons for
this some of these countries gain
independence from a larger nation and
chose not to create a military because
the relatively small size and the lack
of foreign enemies quite simply there
isn't enough land resources were
potential for conflict in those nations
to mandate forming an army to protect
themselves many of these countries have
signed deals with other nations ensuring
their security some of these nations are
being protected by forming occupiers or
their nearest neighbors Australia for
example has agreed to help the island
nations of Naru and karoti Spain and
France have a protection treaty with
Andorra and the United States has
defense pacts with the Marshall Islands
Micronesia and Palau some nations chose
avulsion military due to high levels of
corruption Panama for example dismantled
their standing army after general Manuel
Noriega was arrested during invasion by
the United States and convicted of drug
trafficking racketeering and money
laundering they do however continued to
operate special paramilitary forces both
Haiti and Costa Rica's militaries were
disbanded for similar reasons but again
these country receives some level of
protection from outside sources as of
October 2014 Haiti has over 7,200 UN
troops and police in the country Costa
Rica has an arrangement with the US
Coast Guard to help them combat drug
trade there other countries have some
sort of small military force via a
national police force or Coast Guard but
these forces are not enough to
constitute a standing army they
sometimes participate in army leg
activities Iceland for instance sent
members of their Crisis Response Unit on
foreign peacekeeping missions to the
Sudan Afghanistan and Kosovo but that
does not make them a standing army they
have enough troops to run the country
peacefully but not enough to run a war
many of these countries who remain
demilitarized primarily because forming
military is expensive and 2012 global
military spending was 2.4 percent of the
annual GDP worldwide for individual
countries this can mean millions of
dollars in savings in fact Haiti's
president has proposed rebuild in the
military but this will come what they
propose price tag of 95 million dollars
plus 96% of Haitians pulled against the
of course there are countries all around
the world who prioritize having the
strongest militaries in the world check
out our strengths our nation's playlist
and please subscribe thanks for watching
