a human rights group found that due to
strict abortion laws a high rate of
women in Senegal are killing their
newborn children in some cases by
leaving them in the wild to starve or
even be eaten due to Senegal's abortion
laws which the UN calls some of the
world's strictest if a woman wants an
abortion she needs three doctors to sign
off on the procedure and those doctors
have to determine that having the child
would be life-threatening
as a result Reuters reports that 38
percent of all women jailed in Senegal
were charged with either infanticide or
having an illegal abortion and up to 13
percent of maternal deaths are due to
illegal abortions and Senegal is just
one example of how strict abortion laws
can negatively affect a country's
population according to the center for
reproductive rights more than a quarter
of the world live in a country with
highly restrictive abortion laws meaning
abortions are prohibited or allowed only
if it will save the mother's life and an
estimated 47,000 women die per year as a
result of unsafe abortions many of these
happen in areas of the world where
abortion laws are the strictest
according to the World Health
Organization more than 97% of abortions
in Africa and 95% in Latin America are
unsafe these are two regions where the
vast majority of the countries have
strict abortion laws they also have
higher rates of abortion by about 10%
studies show when a country legalizes or
liberalizes abortion things do get
better in 1996 South Africa legalized
abortion up to 12 weeks without any
restrictions a change from only allowing
it when the woman's health was in danger
or in cases of rape or incest as a
result deaths from unsafe abortions
dropped by over 90 percent
similarly in Nepal the number of women
admitted to the hospital with
complications from unsafe abortions fell
drastically after they legalized
abortion in 2004 this obviously does not
tell the whole story even in some
countries with legal abortion women are
still unsafe this is because abortions
are being done with unsanitary equipment
or by untrained people there are stigmas
attached to abortion that leads some
women to find more secretive yet
dangerous alternatives there is also a
huge need for education and birth
control in
any country's 82% of unwanted
pregnancies around the world are from
countries where women don't have access
to proper contraception either from lack
of knowledge lack of access or lack of
personal freedoms namely partners
forbidding the use of contraceptives so
while legalizing or liberalizing
abortion does help birth control
education and better funding for legal
abortion clinics are also widely needed
to see an example in the United States
of how the stigma about abortion plays
out in real life click here now to see
our episode on that new episode six days
a week please subscribe
