oyel recently dropped below $70 a barrel
for the first time since 2010 and many
Americans are rejoicing having cheaper
gas is a good thing right well maybe not
a lot of countries and micro economies
may stop functioning if oil prices dip
too low one of the biggest examples is
Russia since the most recent drop in oil
prices
Russia's currency the ruble saw the
biggest one-day decline since 1998 this
is because oil and natural gas make up
about 70% of the country's exports the
second highest in the world and Russia
gets more than half of its budget from
oil revenues this drop ensures more
financial hardships and less economic
growth in a country already dealing with
numerous international sanctions some
argue that the combination of the
economic loss plus the estimated 40
billion Russia is losing from sanctions
might put enough pressure on Vladimir
Putin to end the conflict with Ukraine
but it's not likely Putin has been
quoted being optimistic about his
country's oil problems citing the
upcoming winter which will bring cold
weather and with it a higher demand for
oil but this is strictly speculation and
history may have a way of repeating
itself many blame the fall of the Soviet
Union in the 1980s partially on a
decline in oil prices other major
oil-producing nations like Iran Nigeria
and Venezuela have their own struggles
in fact Venezuela's economic woes have
already led to countrywide violent
rioting the country is suffering from
high levels of inflation which has led
to a scarcity of simple products like
toilet paper in toothpastes one analyst
was quoted saying that for Venezuela to
be able to balance its budget oil prices
would need to hit $200 a barrel the
money lost from the new drops in oil
prices has forced the government to make
major cuts and increase taxes something
that will not help ease the unrest so
lower oil prices could cause entire
countries to fail but they aren't the
only people affected lower oil prices
could also hurt the fracking industry
and put thousands of Americans out of
work
fracking is an expensive process and in
order for those companies to make a
profit they have to sell their oil at a
high price if the price dips low enough
they'll have to stop drilling this would
be a major blow to states like North
Dakota Oklahoma and Texas where fracking
has been likened to a dot-com bubble to
find out more about that check out our
video on the current US oil boom and how
much oil the u.s. is actually producing
historically we've gotten our oil from
traditional drilling but nowadays almost
half of those eight point eight million
daily barrels are so-called tight oil
that we get from hydro fracking thanks
for watching test-tube please subscribe
