why does the u.s. support Israel it's a
simple question
but simply stating it as a question can
elicit defensive or hostile reactions
supporters of Israel find the question
itself offensive because they see Israel
as a democratic nation with a right to
their own lands and freedoms so why
wouldn't the u.s. support them
supporters of Palestine find the
question offensive - because they see
Israel's current policies as oppressive
and an endangerment to both Palestinians
in their land so why would the u.s.
support them objectively both questions
are valid and we can't know exactly why
US leadership holds their stance on
Israel but we can't explain how the US
began sending billions of dollars in aid
annually to Israel and why that policy
still stands first off the US didn't
always support Israel they sent some
humanitarian aid right after World War
two but that wasn't seen as preferential
treatment nor was it particularly
uncommon this is important to note
because in the aftermath of World War
two clear alliances weren't yet
established and the u.s. wanted to be
perceived by the Middle East as fair and
impartial a strategy that was working
until the generally anti Western Arab
nationalist movement gained momentum and
the USSR started courting Arab nations
this was during the Cold War a time
period in which the USSR in the US were
actively competing for ideological
influence over almost every region on
earth to remain relevant in the Middle
East the u.s. set out to establish
closer ties with Israel because Israel
was already a democracy with strong
anti-communist leanings the u.s. wanted
to establish Israel as a bulwark against
communist influence and a partner for
their intelligence and military
operations as such it was in the United
States his best interest to make Israel
as strong and as stable as possible
since then the threat has changed but
not the arrangement the u.s. still
supports a strong and stable Israel but
the country is no longer a bulwark
against the spread of communism it is
now seen as a bulwark against the spread
of Muslim extremist ideals like those
shared by al Qaeda and Isis which Israel
does do but that is still not the reason
for continued attention to Israel the
real reason is popular support initially
foreign aid to Israel was seen as
anti-communist a hugely popular idea
among Americans now foreign aid to
Israel is largely seen as protection
for Israel from hostile neighbors in the
Muslim world in general after 9/11
around 55% of all Americans supported
Israel whereas only 15 percent supported
Palestine a trend that continues
according to a recent Gallup poll 62
percent of Americans supported Israel in
their recent conflict with Palestine
while only 18 percent supported
Palestine anti-muslim sentiment did
flare in the US after 9/11 and is
potentially on the rise again due to the
current war with Isis it is likely that
some of that support comes out of fear
and a poor understanding of the Muslim
world this is the political climate that
makes it convenient for politicians to
support Israel but even that isn't the
whole story the United States government
is slow to change and it's significantly
influenced by the religious right a
movement that tends to stand staunchly
behind the status quo and is more
sympathetic to Israel than the public at
large so even if popular support did
shift closer to Palestine and nurture
alone could keep the u.s. allied with
Israel for some time if you'd like to
learn more about the Middle East and
what is happening there please check out
our video on Syria and the emerging
refugee crisis it is causing in the area
since the Syrian civil war started in
March 2011 an estimated nine and a half
million Syrians have been forced to flee
their homes over three million of those
have fled the country the UN estimates
that by the end of this year as many as
4 million Syrians could be living abroad
as refugees new videos 6 days a week
please subscribe
you
