bill and melinda gates recently donated
1 million dollars to washington state
initiative measure number 594 which if
passed will require wider reaching
background checks for firearm sales and
transfers so what's the deal
our bill and melinda gates trying to
take your guns well I can't speak for
Bill and Melinda Gates but as for this
initiative no it's not trying to take
your guns in fact the initiative doesn't
affect current gun owners or licensed
gun dealers at all it just extends laws
that are already in place as it stands
now licensed dealers have to do a
background check before they can sell or
transfer a gun to a customer this is
designed to keep guns out of the hands
of criminals domestic abusers and others
the state of Washington has deemed unfit
for gun ownership but there's no law in
place preventing non licensed dealers on
the streets on the internet or a gun
shows from selling or transferring
weapons without doing a background check
a loophole that enables criminals and
the like to buy firearms without one
this initiative is trying to close this
loophole despite the good intentions of
initiative measure number 594 some of
you are still thinking but they're
trying to take my guns which is a valid
concern but no 594 just wants background
checks something 87% of Americans
support and it doesn't even call for
background checks in all cases gifts
between immediate family members are
fine antiques and relics are fine too
you can loan a gun to a friend for
hunting or sporting activities and you
can even temporarily transfer a gun to
someone else for self-defense purposes
even now some of you are still thinking
but they're trying to take my guns and
look I get it
I know why you're saying that we've
become so partisan in America that
trusting elected officials regulators
lobbyists and in this case billionaires
like Bill Gates has become difficult
plus there are people in this world who
would like to take your guns they want a
gun free America how can you be sure
that initiative measure number 594
wasn't written by some of those people
well you can't but you don't have to be
you can see exactly what initiative
measure number 594 says and exactly what
it's calling for and voting against
something you support because you don't
trust the side that presented it is the
definition of partisan
if you want the system to start working
again you yourself have to be less
partisan if you found this video
informative please subscribe to the
channel we put out five videos a week
and subscribing is the best way to get
those videos to you
