the protests in Ferguson Missouri and
the use of excessive force by the local
police department is a major news story
racial inequality is at the heart of
this conflict and there are numerous
ways that this inequality can be
measurably Illustrated to prove that one
way is to look at inequality of
representation which is the relationship
between the demographics of a community
and how they are represented in
government if the majority of your
community is african-american but the
majority of your elected officials and
police officers are not that is in
equality of representation and right now
it is a huge problem in Ferguson 67% of
the residents are african-american but
the positions of authority are almost
entirely held by white people 94% of the
police force is white five out of six
city councilmen are white
the mayor is white and every single
member of the school board is white that
is a huge disparity in representation
and gives african-americans little to no
direct input into how their community is
run a dynamic made worse by an enormous
financial divide in predominantly
african-american Ferguson the median
household income is around thirty seven
thousand five hundred dollars which is
around ten thousand dollars less than
the median household income in the rest
of the state and much lower than the
medium household income nationally this
is inequality of resources and it
doesn't just affect personal income it
also affects things like education and
health care low income communities have
a high school dropout rate 4.5 times
higher and a level of health care that
is 80 percent worse than that of high
income communities two factors that make
it much harder for a community to work
its way out of poverty another factor at
play here is the inequality of
enforcement there is ample proof that
law enforcement profiles African
Americans which is a polite way of
saying that they actively target African
Americans for investigation and arrest
solely based on the color of their skin
this point is central to what is
happening in Ferguson right now last
year more than 85% of all drivers
stopped by Ferguson Police were African
American and 12.1% of those drivers were
searched this is important because white
drivers were only searched six point
nine percent of the time contraband was
found thirty-four percent of the time
when the driver was white and only 22
percent of the time when the driver was
African American and that's not even the
biggest disparity ninety-three percent
of the people arrested by Ferguson
Police last year were African American
which some would take as proof of a huge
disparity in how African Americans are
treated by police add to all of this the
murder of Oscar
by police in Auckland the murder of Eric
garner by the NYPD and numerous other
similar incidents and it's easy to see a
pattern of racially motivated police
violence worthy of protest if you're
wondering why police are legally allowed
to shoot to kill please click on this
link now let's look first at when the
police are allowed and not allowed to
use lethal force the Fourth Amendment
establishes the right of the people to
be secure in their persons against
unreasonable searches and seizures we
put out five videos a week please
subscribe to see all of those
