as of now Israel and Palestine have
agreed to a ceasefire and it's only
logical to see a ceasefire as a first
step towards peace however over the past
few weeks they've had several cease
fires none of which have resulted in a
lasting peace
so in this conflict what does a
ceasefire actually mean well it
basically means just that a cessation of
military engagement and if the ceasefire
is upheld a period of relative peace but
the question of what kind of peace and
for how long depends on the type of
ceasefire in this current conflict there
have been three types of cease fires
you've likely heard about in the news
the first type involves third party
groups proposing a ceasefire and
immediate peace talks this was the type
of ceasefire proposed on July 15th by
Egypt and then again on July 25th by the
US and it sounds great except for the
fact that in both cases one of the two
fighting parties rejected the plan Hamas
rejected Egypt's plan on the 15th and
Israel rejected the us's plan on the
25th so the plans failed and the war
continued on as if nothing had happened
the second type of ceasefire is
humanitarian this kind is designed to
give civilians in the conflict zone a
quick reprieve from fighting so
humanitarian aid can be organized it is
not meant as a step towards peace and
it's not seen that way by either side
the current conflict has had four such
agreements with varying degrees of
success after which the war has once
again continued as if nothing ever
happened
the third type of ceasefire is the one
that they have now and it's the first
glimmer of hope in the current conflict
both Israel and Hamas accepted in Egypt
proposed ceasefire it's the first time
that they've both agreed to an on
humanitarian ceasefire and by
implication they've essentially agreed
to discuss more durable peace we can't
know how durable this peace will be or
if the ceasefire will even hold but it
is the type of agreement that could lead
to some sort of resolution and it's the
type of ceasefire we should want if you
want to learn more about this topic
click on our video about Hamas and their
role in the region Hamas is the
Palestinian organization that currently
controls the Gaza Strip which is in the
East bordering Egypt through the
Palestinian wing of the Muslim
Brotherhood and they were democratically
elected by the Palestinian people or if
you're looking for a more has
storico slant click on our video about
how the whole israeli-palestinian
conflict began remember we upload new
videos five days a week so please
subscribe
