every so often a new story pops up about
some states crazy sex laws whether it's
a blowjob ban in Baton Rouge or a sodomy
sanction in Charlotte or a handjob
hiatus in Halle Mizzou you get the idea
and every time I think they can't do
that can they should I not be going to
whole Mizzou okay here's the deal some
states have laws governing crimes
against nature that are meant to
regulate and I quote unnatural carnal
copulation by a human with another of
the same sex opposite sex or animal
those are the crazy sex laws they are
both creepy and problematic because what
constitutes unnatural is totally up to
the state for example Louisiana thinks
it's unnatural for people to have oral
sex but Kansas only thinks it's
unnatural among same-sex couples clearly
there is no set answer as to what is or
isn't natural and the states have the
power to just decide whatever crazy
thing they want that's the bad news the
good news is none of those laws really
matter in 2003 the Supreme Court ruled
that your right to sexual privacy is
protected under the Fourteenth Amendment
so if what you're doing is between
consenting adults and in private you're
all set so bang away coz holla Mizzou
can do a damn thing about it
unless you're either married in public
legally dead or doing it with an animal
infidelity can be legally prosecuted in
some states in 1983 for example a
Massachusetts woman got fined $50 for
cheating on her husband but not all
states have the power to do that and
even ones that have that law on the
books are extremely unlikely to enforce
it sex in public is banned everywhere we
know of but what constitutes public can
I just bang it out on my front lawn as
long as no one's looking and what about
orgies how many people does it take to
make something public for dead people
and animals it gets even weirder most
states don't have laws about the act of
sleeping with a dead person or an animal
instead they have laws about digging up
bodies and about animal cruelty but none
involving actual sex it's all about
consent and no one really knows what an
animal can or cannot consent to or what
would happen if a dead person consented
it right before passing away
not saying you should do any of these
things quite the opposite in fact I'm
just saying that regulating people's sex
lives is difficult even when you're
talking about something that seems
straightforward like not sleeping with
dead people
