it's generally believed that if you're
over 18 and a US citizen you have the
inalienable right to vote in the United
States no one can stop you which is a
great idea in theory but sadly it's not
even close to being true some states
mainly in the South and Midwest are
gaming the system in order to legally
prevent u.s. citizens from voting and
I'm not just talking about
disenfranchising felons or the homeless
although that does happen I'm talking
about disenfranchising you the average
American but how are they doing this
well it's pretty simple they're making
the voting process more difficult so
that fewer Americans will vote they do
this in a number of ways some states are
cutting or reducing early voting which
is the process that lets people vote
early either by mail or at a polling
station the entire purpose behind that
is to ease congestion of the polls and
increase voter turnout so taking it away
does pretty much the opposite it creates
congestion and decreases voter turnout
laws like that tend to have the largest
impact on poorer populations with fewer
resources who can't afford to lose hours
at work or who are unable to get to the
polls for other economic reasons other
states are curbing or limiting
registered drives which are designed to
register as many new voters as possible
and they're typically organized by
either a political party or a non-profit
group shutting these programs down
doesn't just stop new people from
registering to vote it also tends to
keep incumbents in office and it makes
the voting population a poor reflection
of the population as a whole some states
are also making it more difficult to
register in time they're eliminating
programs that allow people to register
and vote on the same day which prevents
new people from registering and causes
the same demographic problems I was
talking about earlier finally many
states now require proof of citizenship
ID or photo ID when someone either votes
or registers to vote this hurts both
poor people and new voters so it's
basically a win win for vote
manipulating incumbents those are just
some of the ways States are trying to
prevent you from voting and as of now
they're all perfectly legal to find out
what your state's laws are just go to
its official website a lot is different
in every location and it is up to you to
figure out your own state's laws yet
another way they are subtly discouraging
new voters if you'd like to learn more
interesting in four
Meishan about the world click now to see
our video about the lethal injection
debate and why it should matter to all
of us
again this is a possible violation of
the Eighth Amendment since getting
painfully killed by the government via
mystery liquid is probably one of the
most extreme versions of cruel and
unusual punishment remember we'll be
putting out new episodes five days a
week so click now to keep watching and
please subscribe
