we keep hearing about huge tech giants
like Apple Google and Facebook crushing
our freedoms by censoring sexually
explicit material and my first reaction
was yes this is bullshit this is the
internet not 1950s television why are
they censoring anything then I started
looking into it getting past all of the
paranoid theories about how iPhones are
just the new Big Brother and how Google
is a government pond and the armchair
anthropological analysis on how Silicon
Valley is a culture crushing puritanical
old world model for what's right and
wrong
I started looking at real tangible
business reasons for why these companies
would want to censor pornography and an
easy answer came to mind pretty much
immediately business partners Apple for
example has made deals with Verizon GM
Disney and a ton of other major
corporations so burning bridges with any
of those companies probably isn't worth
the risk that makes sense right but it
also ignores the fact that porn itself
is a huge industry and by censoring them
these companies are cutting off those
business opportunities as well plus
what's Disney going to do does not sell
iPhone games is Intel going to stop
making computer parts business partners
probably have a lot to do with it but it
just seems like too simple a solution so
maybe it's not about companies maybe
it's about customers Apple needs
everybody to buy their stuff mom's kids
Mormons Methodist Satanists Tallis soup
lovers everybody and they need those
people to feel safe using their products
without the fear of running into
material that they would find offensive
so in that regard censoring sexually
explicit material is a no brainer but I
still don't think that's the reason
companies could easily make it so that
the user themselves can censor whatever
they want just like Google does with
Safe Search or they could create a
dedicated section of their content for
adults only like how video stores used
to have that creepy room in the back for
porn enthusiasts again all of this
likely contributes but it's not the only
reason so why are these innovative
cutting-edge tech companies censoring
content it could be all of those things
I listed earlier or it could be because
they are cutting edge and innovative
they're creating new things and in
extreme cases like Google glass they're
creating new strange misunderstood and
potentially terrible things and that
means convincing the general public to
buy into using
owning and loving something that they
know nothing about and are naturally
suspicious of you're asking the world to
learn something new and you've got to do
whatever you can to make that learning
process as simple as possible
letting porn apps and topless girls into
the conversation can make it really hard
for the general public to concentrate
you're not even concentrating right now
are you so I say censor away technology
as long as you keep coming up with new
and exciting ways to make our lives a
little bit better I'll just look at porn
the old-fashioned way by opening up my
web browser surf safe everybody wear
condoms if you found this episode
informative and you want more daily
videos from us please subscribe this
show is new and we need all the support
we can get if you'd like to see more
test-tube content hit the other box now
and we will call up a video for you
thanks for watching and please let us
know in the comments what you think
about this video or been anything else
that's on your mind
