Palestine to me is the starting point is
where I came from it's my heritage my
cultural starting point its people its
land and it's a lot of injustice for
many many many years we watched in the
US and in the Western Journal as the
mainstream media have kind of painted
Palestinians in a way that kind of
dehumanized them we want to educate the
public about Palestinians we want to do
it through through the Arts
my story as a Palestinian is not unique
it's that of millions of other people
I'm Faisal Saleh I'm the founder and
executive director of Palestine Museum
us
I remember Palestine in the 50s and 60s
I left in 1969 two years after the 67
war there was a lot of anguish and over
you know the loss of home and loss of
land when people left they thought it
was going to be like two or three weeks
and everything is going to be settled
and everybody would go back but that has
it happened and it's been 70 years
originally my family comes from a
village called Salima and our family had
been there for generations in 1948 they
had to leave and they lost everything in
69 I received a scholarship to come
finish the last year of my high school
in the US I've been in the US for 49
years in a way I'm American and I you
know I don't like any other American
here and I work and pay taxes and
socialize with people here and yet at
the same time I'm able to relate the
same way to Palestinians and then
somewhere in the middle here there's
some no-man's land that's kind of
troubling sometimes the thought of doing
something for Palestine became in the
forefront for me I really wanted to do
something since I had not done anything
for a long time I began an intensive
effort to contact Palestinian our
artists in Palestine and around the
world and we had some office space that
was vacant for a long time and it was
really in bad condition we decided to
take some of that space and repurpose it
for the museum
in June of 2017 I started work on this
project we opened in April of this year
we are them at the Palestine museum us
we are in the town of Woodbridge
Connecticut and we're about a two-hour
train ride from New York City one of the
biggest obstacles was is to get the art
to display in more than like the
majority of the art here is on loan from
the artists a lot of them came from was
the Gaza some from Jordan and some from
the US also so whatever there are
Palestinians and there are Palestinians
everywhere but significant numbers from
the West Bank in Gaza
it's difficult chippings from there you
still have to get it through the Israeli
checkpoints and the borders and and
sometimes it took like two months to get
some sub shipment out of there we have
artists who work under extreme
conditions trying to show that despite
all the negatives all the obstacles
they're capable of producing
masterpieces of work it's a hundred
percent palestinian museum all about
palestine and palestinians palestinian
ideas funded a hundred percent by
palestinian currently i'm the only
source of funding for the museum
most people will come to the museum are
coming from a distance they're driving
one hour two hours sometimes three hours
to come here for Palestinians just like
a shrine they come here and they tell us
this is the only place that talks to us
and it's the only place that belongs to
us it's hard to find places where I'm
represented and I think that kind to the
palace my museum made me prouder of who
I am and who I will become it makes me
feel like I'm still connected to
Palestine even though I'm not there
right now I had a wonderful experience
coming to this museum and getting to
connect with a part of my history in the
past that I don't normally see the idea
of a palestine museum and the u.s. made
me so happy when Palestinians and
Americans visit the museum they're
really awed by what they see they're
awed by the photographs from the 1800s
and 1900s the rod by the paintings
the drawings on the hum that wall are
from the children's of Gaza after the
2008-2009 attack by Israel and Gaza as
part of treatment of the children they
were asked to draw what they saw and
this is some examples of some of the
drawings that have made it to the u.s.
from there we have artifacts like these
clay pots that are more than 100 years
old they were used in Palestine for
storing olive oil there's an
installation there that the chosen
ammunition box full of rocks and it
really highlights the asymmetry of the
conflict there are some paintings that
show the Holy Lands
what we've done here it was successful
but it has a small reach given the
physical location we want to take this
and branch it out to the 12 largest
cities in the United States and we want
to do it over a couple years
our objective really is to change the
discourse from talking about political
conflict talking about war terrorism to
talk about the human side of the
Palestinians and of the artists we have
the poets we have the writers we have
the sculptures and we're all we are
capable of excellence it's in your heart
you can really forget every Palestinian
they have it in their heart they're they
know what Palestine is and they know how
how much of a wound that is
and they're taking to do something about
it
