it's finally come to an end so to be
clear mr. Trump has no financial
relationships with any Russian oligarchs
that's what he said that's what I said
that's obviously what the our position
is after many months of fighting for his
innocence
Trump's former campaign chairman Paul
Manafort has pled guilty to one count of
conspiracy against the US and one count
of conspiracy to obstruct justice for
his efforts to tamper with witnesses man
apart has completely flipped on the
president and vowed to cooperate with
the Justice Department as well as Robert
Mulder's investigation of Russian
interference in the 2016 election
although Trump downplays mana for its
involvement in his 2016 presidential
campaign Paul Manafort was with me for a
short period of time he did a good job
the fact is man important worked for the
Trump campaign for five months three of
which he served as the campaign chairman
between March and August of 2016
possibly criminal events occurred on the
campaign trail during this time
including the highly publicized Trump
Tower meeting in which mana fort and Don
jr. met with Russians to in Trump's own
words get information on an opponent but
his ties to trump and Russia go back
much further than just five months so
how exactly did manna port end up going
from Trump's campaign mastermind to a
convicted criminal behind bars let's
break it down
Trump is known mana Ford since the early
80s when mana Ford longtime partner and
frequent Infowars guest host Roger stone
and Charles black opened a lobbying firm
known as black mana Fortin Stone Trump
was one of the firm's earliest clients
and hired them to assist him with issues
relating to his key
businesses and other real-estate
ventures many clients of mana forts firm
were less than savory individuals
including autocrats and des fÃªtes from
around the world which led to the firm
being called out in a report published
by the Center for Public Integrity
entitled the torturers Lobby this report
cited human rights abuses by regimes and
the firms that represented them in
Washington in 2004 mana Ford took the
notion of serving despots one step
further establishing business
relationships with oligarchs who are
themselves serving Russian President
Vladimir Putin among them was Russian
billionaire Oleg Deripaska who was
described in a 2006 US diplomatic cable
as quote among the 2 to 3 oligarchs
Putin turns to on a regular basis around
2005 man award presented Deripaska with
a confidential strategic plan to
influence politics news coverage and
business dealings in the United States
Europe and former Soviet republics with
the aim of benefiting Putin's government
Deripaska accepted the plan and signed a
10 million dollar annual contract with
manna port soon after on recommendation
from Deripaska manna for its set off to
work in the Ukraine for pro-russian
politician Victoriana Kovich who was
widely seen as a puppet of Putin manna
Ford was charged with making over the
thuggish Yanukovych's 2006 parliamentary
election campaign under man affords
guidance in the 2006 elections
Yanukovych became the prime minister and
went on to win the presidency in 2010
Nana Ford had delivered successfully for
Putin and as such lucrative side deals
with shadowy individuals connected to
Russian organized crime figures started
opening up for mana for vana Ford
continued working with President
Yanukovych pushing pro-kremlin policies
internally and on the world stage in
2011 mana Ford authorized a plan called
black ops meant to boost Yanukovych's
reputation some of the strategies
proposed
included rewriting Wikipedia entries to
smear a key opponent of Yanukovych
setting up a fake think-tank Center in
Vienna that would put out favorable
views towards Yanukovych planting false
stories in Western media weaponizing
social media that targeted Europeans and
Americans as well as working with a
right-wing us-based publisher Breitbart
to attack Hillary Clinton the Ukrainian
public wanted a closer relationship with
the European Union
yet Yanukovych kept cozying up to the
Russian government in November 2013 the
Ukrainian government suspended
preparations for signing the Ukraine
association agreement with the European
Union so that they could see closer
economic relations with Russia this led
to the euromaidan protests in February
2014 President Yanukovych fled the
country and it was later revealed that
Yanukovych fled to Russia with the help
of the Russian government at this point
manna fort had lost his main source of
income and Yanukovych deeply indebted to
Russian oligarch Deripaska due to a
failed side deal he joined the Trump
campaign in March 2016 as a
conspicuously unpaid volunteer On June
9th of 2016 manna for Donald Trump jr.
and then president's son-in-law Jared
Kushner took a meeting in Trump Tower
with Russian operatives who offered dirt
on heree Clinton the Trump team
initially denied having any knowledge of
assistance that the Russian government
provided but emails later released
between Donald Trump jr. and a Russian
representative showed that senior
officials in the Trump campaign knew the
meeting was about receiving information
to damage Clinton and her campaign in
August 2016 news broke revealing a
secret ledger that surfaced in Ukraine
showing Nana Ford has received twelve
point seven million dollars in
undisclosed cash payments from
Yanukovych is party over a span of five
years Manta Ford's deep involvement in
Ukraine and Russia was coming to light
and he was forced to resign from the
Trump campaign in October 2017 Manta
Ford was indicted on 12 federal charges
in the District of Columbia including
laundering millions of dollars through
overseas shell companies stemming from
his work in Ukraine failing to register
as a foreign agent and failing to pay
you
taxes for money earned in Ukraine in
February 2018 he was indicted a second
time on an additional 18 counts of tax
evasion and bank fraud in the Eastern
District of Virginia mana fork
decided to go to trial mana for it was
found guilty August 2018 on eight counts
of bank fraud and tax evasion and faced
a second trial in September after nearly
a year of proclaiming his innocence mana
Ford made the decision to avoid the
second trial by pleading guilty to two
charges one count of conspiracy against
the US and one count of conspiracy to
obstruct justice
due to attempts to tamper with witnesses
and fully cooperated with special
counsel Muller on all aspects of the
Russia investigation Nana Ford is a
crucial witness for the Moller
investigation because he was a key
linchpin between the Russian government
and the Trump campaign he can provide
first-hand knowledge of what happened
during the Trump Tower meeting vana Ford
has information on methods used by the
Russian government to hack the American
election as well as key information
regarding Kremlin operatives mana Ford
also may be able to provide information
on movement of monies sent from Russian
oligarchs to the RNC
special interest groups and individuals
connected to the Trump campaign and mana
for its unique history with Trump may
shed light into the shady dealings the
Trump Organization has had with members
associated with the Russian mafia and
perhaps most importantly mana fort will
have an idea of what Trump knew and when
hi guys I'm Alex filling in for versa
this week thanks so much for tuning in
to the Russia desk and if you liked it
and learn something please don't forget
to subscribe to our Channel and we'll
see you next week
