people in Russia are literally facing
years of jail time right now for sharing
and even liking memes on social media
have you ever shared or simply liked an
emotionally charged political name on
Facebook because you thought it was
funny
or maybe relevant maria Mochis niya and
daniel morgan two teenagers in russia
are facing up to five years in prison
because they shared memes online they
were arrested on charges of inciting
extremism and insulting religious
sensitivities you can even be charged
with intent
simply by storing the content in your
computer without having shared it with
anyone yet
the memes featured nuns smoking with the
caption quickly while God isn't looking
while another one shows Jon Snow from
HBO's Game of Thrones with the caption
Jon Snow is risen truly He is risen but
to understand why two teenagers sharing
memes online is considered inciting
extremism and insulting religious
sensitivities we have to back up and
first examine Russia's extremism laws in
2002 Russia's Duma which is the
equivalent to the United States House of
Representatives passed anti-extremism
laws or the federal law on combating
extremist activity in response to
terrorism in the North Caucasus the
purpose of the laws initially was to
stop any religious groups from claiming
they were better than any others but the
laws have since snowballed into broad
vagueness in 2014 after language is
added to the law to include Internet
activity the Duma jurisdiction expanded
into the blogosphere and any social
media site where extremists could be
sharing or even liking me
or other content that the Duma just
considers to be extremists so yes you
can be arrested for just clicking like
on something that the duma thinks goes
too far and as the years went on the
language of the laws kept expanding
which eventually led to more arrests
giving authorities more power to conduct
intrusive surveillance the laws also
required IT companies to store the
content of users online communications
like text messages photos and videos for
six months and the metadata for three
years the maximum punishment for sharing
or liking content like a photo depicting
Jon Snow as Jesus is five years in jail
even just the opening of one such
criminal case can land you on an
extremist list monitored by the federal
financial monitoring service people on
this list are restricted from certain
professions and their bank accounts can
be frozen even if they haven't been
convicted in the past year six hundred
and four people have been arrested most
of whom are under the age of 25 in
Russia today it is illegal through these
laws to express feelings of political
opposition online without possibly
facing serious consequences and the
Russian government believe it or not is
getting even more draconian with
extremists arrests which brings us to
the new greatness case ten protesters
have been detained since March in a
Moscow jail for using social media to
organize what the government has called
an extremist community this opposition
movement was hatched on the app telegram
which is Russia's equivalent of facebook
Messenger to best friends Anna Pavlova
17 and Maria du Bhavik 19 started
venting about the things that young
people in Russia talked about life
politics school the Putin regime they
discuss these things in a small group
chat on telegram called new chat members
of the group chat included mostly
unemployed men in their 20s and early
30s but unbeknownst to the members of
the group a man who introduced himself
as Ruslan D was monitoring the whole
thing before being formally invited
join the group within months of
Rousillon survival to the group chat
what was mostly talk about everyday life
quickly turned into a chat about
extremism and organizing a political
revolution and before long Ruslan had
pushed the group beyond just talking he
organized meetings and fully funded the
operation and before he joined the group
there was no indication that they ever
had any intention to meet in person but
Ruslan changed all of that he persuaded
the teens to start an actual opposition
group the members settled on calling it
the new greatness and even came up with
a logo according to members of the
organization Ruslan is the one who
authored the manifesto that called for
Putin to face a court of justice for his
actions Ruslan was also the one who
divvied up the group into separate
departments which in turn would qualify
them as extremists under Russian law and
when the group became a little intense
leaving certain members to feel like
they wanted out Ruslan was the one who
encouraged them to stay all 10 members
of this so-called group were arrested
four were placed under house arrest and
six including Anna and Maria were taken
into police custody the only member that
remained free was Ruslan Dean when he
was questioned as a witness during the
trial he said he came across the group
chat when he was admittedly lurking
online looking for government critics
but when the group's defense attorneys
read the transcript from Ruslan
testimony it was obvious that something
was fishy normally the witness includes
identifying details such as an address a
birthday phone number a job but all of
that information was missing the only
thing that they uncovered was his real
name Alexander Konstantinov because he
didn't provide any identifying details
defense attorneys believed that
Alexander Constantine of is a made-up
name in order to cover for the real
Alexander who is an undercover FSB agent
cracking down on political opposition
members of the new greatness faced up to
10 years in prison on these extremism
charges after hearing both sides of the
story
thousands of Russians took to the
streets of central Moscow in protest of
the Iraq
and as a result of the protest the next
day the court transferred Anna Pavlova
and Maria de Bhavik to house arrest
until September 13th
Pavlich OVA has asked that all charges
against her be dropped because they're
based on hearsay provided by Ruslan Dee
the alleged undercover FSB agent she
plans on suing him because 99% of all
cases in Russia end in a conviction
Pavlik Ava's parents are losing hope
Russia's extremism laws have gone from
attacking free speech to interacting
teenagers who are simply expressing
dismay over the direction of Russian
politics the precedent that the sets for
the future of Russian life is pretty
terrifying but many Russians have
already acknowledged the absurdities of
the laws social media companies
politicians and human rights activists
have had enough male da true the parent
company of VK which is Russia's Facebook
is asking the government to change
legislation on social media hate speech
and pardon those who have been unjustly
convicted and VK itself has recently
promised to introduce new privacy
settings which will make it harder for
law enforcement to monitor users
accounts three members of the Human
Rights Council under the Russian
President are also trying to combat this
they presented proposals to be approved
in September they denounced conflicts of
interests within the FSB and asked to
replace a jail time with fines and
supervision instead Russians are clearly
waking up to the laws and there are a
lot of debates surrounding them today
the Kremlin's effort to mute views that
may be politically different or actually
backfiring because Russian citizens are
fighting back
hey guys it's versa
please subscribe to now this world for
more from the Russia desk and let us
know in the comments what you want us to
cover and maybe give this video a thumbs
up if you liked it thank you for
watching
