did you know that laws still exist
around the world today that exonerate
alleged and convicted rapists if they
marry their victims so-called mariya
rapists laws were back in the news
recently after Palestinian President
Mahmoud Abbas
repealed that state's version of the
legislation it was a huge step forward
and came not long after a wave of other
countries in the region did the same but
there are still countries around the
world with different variations of these
laws and though the majority exists in
the Middle East and Africa the West
isn't exempt in fact the legislation
largely draws its roots to a 19th
century French code so what countries
still have these archaic laws I'm Alex
and on this episode of now this world
we're looking into these laws how they
came to be how they're still hurting
women and whether the problem stops with
repealing them though variations of
marry or rapist laws have mostly died
out in the West human rights watch
researcher Ratna Begum says they largely
originated from the French Napoleonic
Code of 1810 which stated that if the
kidnapper quote married the girl whom he
has stolen the family could waive his
criminal prosecution many provisions
also require the couple to stay together
for a certain amount of time if the
alleged rapist wants to avoid punishment
a similar article was adopted into the
Ottoman code of 1911 and many countries
around the world enacted similar laws
after Western colonial powers introduced
them it was then applied to a lot of
French mandates in countries where the
France colonized them particularly in
North Africa in Lebanon several
countries in the Middle East and so when
the British colonized several countries
in the Middle East as well they did not
apply the British code in in those
circumstances they apply to the Ottoman
code or allowed the Ottoman culture
apply for the Muslims
some of them retained their these
colonial provisions grants only repealed
theirs in 1994 and other Western
countries like Denmark and Italy
eventually did to a rush of countries in
the Middle East and North Africa have
also rolled back their own provisions in
the last couple of years but according
to Begum patriarchal attitudes have kept
versions of the laws in place for years
around the world she's
some lawmakers felt like they were
protecting survivors the idea behind a
lot of these marriages or these these
terrible crimes is interrelated between
the concept of women and girls as being
property it is about the virginity of
women engulfed being damaged goods
protests have cropped up in countries
around the world from Turkey to Lebanon
to Morocco where in 2012 16 year-old
Amina Phil Ali committed suicide after
being forced to marry her rapist who
continued to sexually abuse her after
their marriage
Amina's case made headlines across the
world but it's just one modern example
of many where these laws and provisions
double down on trauma for women while
essentially giving their abusers a
get-out-of-jail-free card if you're
wondering how often this actually
happens it's not that uncommon the head
of a women's shelter in the West Bank
documented 60 cases in that shelter
alone from 2011 to 2017 wherein a rape
prosecution was stopped after the
alleged rapist married the victim and
though these laws may be antiquated they
aren't just a thing of the past
experts we spoke to at the World Bank
women's rights NGO Equality Now and
Human Rights Watch indicated that it's
hard to compile a truly complete list of
countries with these provisions in place
because of the varying research
methodologies language in the individual
laws can also be contradictory not well
codified or confusingly worded so there
were some disparities in the countries
these organizations listed with Mary
arepas laws in place today for example
according to the World Bank the
Philippines Bahrain Iraq Angola
Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Libya and
Syria have legal provisions stipulating
that the perpetrator of rape or sexual
assault can escape punishment by
marrying the victim and some orgs would
add countries to that list the
difficulty of tracking these laws speaks
to the root of the issue itself a lack
of accountability awareness and disguise
there are also variations of these laws
that exist in other parts of the world
for example in Greece Russia Serbia and
Thailand and alleged rapist can avoid
prosecution if the victim is underage
and in Singapore Romania Thailand and
Turkey if the victim forgives him there
are also another dozen or so countries
where accused rapists can be exonerated
for reaching settlements with the
victim's families and at least another
10 where intramural rape is totally
legal already around the world one in
three women have suffered sexual or
physical violence and one in ten girls
have been raped or sexually assaulted
these laws make it easier for them to
get stuck in cycles of violence often at
a very young age
finally they have finally had the insane
me ahaaa
the flammer atrocious name monetary
system st sabah miss aria
- sorry who is she afternoon good hobart
mostest about you company submitted hi
these demonstrations have actually
resulted in some legislative momentum
and begum says local women's rights
groups are leading the charge against
merrier rapist laws in various countries
provocative campaigns like this by
lebanese women's group Abad coupled with
petitions from other women's rights
groups resulted in the repealing of the
country's own legal loophole but to help
address violence against women down the
line does more than the law need to
change although it can be cause for
celebration when countries repeal these
laws it may not mean they're making
significant progress in halting
gender-based violence so long as these
patriarchal attitudes are reinforced the
practice may continue the practice of
forced marriage to rapists actually
exists beyond the law so there are
situations where families are doing this
without actually involved in the
authorities at all and in places like
Lebanon for example even after the
merrier rapist loophole was closed
activists pointed out that no law exists
criminalizing child marriage or marital
rape whereas in Tunisia repealing their
law came as part of a larger effort to
eliminate violence against women and
girls including new measures to support
survivors with psychological and legal
assistance
begum thinks changes within the
education system may be the key you have
to get to the root of what's going on in
society one is to really have sex
education secondly that no woman a girl
should be identified simply as a sexual
object and thirdly you know we also need
to compact that level of stigma on
sexual violence victims still a repeal
is one step in the right direction in
order to repeal these laws there should
be public awareness and discussion about
them so what do you think it will take
to effectively D stigmatize this issue
let us know in the comments thanks for
watching now this world and if you learn
something from our deep dives into
global issues like this one don't forget
to Like and subscribe
