I became involved in Democratic
opposition politics I began working with
Boris Nemtsov leader of the Russian
opposition and I worked alongside him
for more than 15 years until the day he
was assassinated what I do now in the
open Russia movement is organized a
genuinely nationwide grassroots
pro-democracy movement to people all
across Russia who reject the regime of
Latta members and everything it stands
for the corruption the authoritarianism
leave the aggression the media
censorship the political repressions and
who want to see Russia become a normal
modern democratic European country we
now have more than 20 regional chapters
across Russia and we want to help
consolidate these people have a
different and better vision for Russia
and we want to empower them and help
them become active and informed citizen
the main focus of our work is the young
generation it's the people who are in
the late teens early 20s the people who
grew up and in many cases were born
under mr. Putin because he has now been
in power for almost 18 years when I go
around Russia and me with these
activists in the regions I have to
sometimes remind myself that I'm
speaking to somebody who doesn't know
anything except Vladimir Putin but it is
also representatives of that generation
who are increasingly saying enough we're
increasingly saying we are fed up and in
the last few months you have seen those
mass protests all across Russia people
coming to say no to the corruption no to
the political repressions no to
censorship no to authoritarianism and
how many story in my education and the
one thing that modern Russian history
definitely teaches us is that all big
political changes in our country happen
like this
quickly and unexpectedly but of course
the other side of this coin is that a
lot of people are not ready when this
moment of change the main focus of our
work at the open Russia movement is to
help prepare for that moment of change
which will come nothing is forever and
mr. Putin is no exception but when that
moment of change problems when that
change begins it's gonna be too late to
sit down and start figuring out what do
we do now we need to do this now to
prepare
the generation of people who will be
implementing the changes the young
people the people who represent the
future of Russia our movement open
Russia put forward some two dozen
candidates across the country not to
wait but to learn so they can learn how
to talk with people how to walk door to
door how to campaign how to organize on
local issues how to speak at rallies and
publish leaflets and all the wrestlers
because they'd have no experience on
this again and this is how we view
elections in Russia today has a kind of
a training round and this is significant
because the main way that Putin controls
elections in Russia he's not through
vote rigging although it happens not
through unequal media access although
that happens not through administrative
pressure on the voters which of course
happens also but the main way is by not
actually allowing opponents on the
pallet and it's pretty difficult to get
many votes if you're not present on a
ballot and this is the case in most
Russian elections but even when it's not
possible to win it's still possible to
learn and we want to help them gain this
experience I really feel like I'm 36
years old I feel like an old man when I
go around the country and I talk to
these people because they're really
they're late teens early twenties this
is the next generation it's a generation
that's gonna be shaping Russia after
Putin and we want you to do all we can
to make them more prepared for it to
help them gain the skills and experience
they will need and they will use when
that time comes for now he's doing the
usual sending his riot police and his
National Guard to attack in disperse and
arrest his own citizens but they're not
afraid and they will be back because we
know that in the end however strong the
pressure when enough people are willing
to stand up they succeed and then the
tanks stop and turn away
