when it comes to the new psycho out of
South Asia Bangladesh is often
overshadowed by its larger nuclear-armed
neighbours India and Pakistan but as the
country deals with an unprecedented
influx of about a million Rohan NGO
refugees from Myanmar Bangladesh is
presence on the world stage has taken on
a new urgency as it shoulders these
important diplomatic and humanitarian
tests
hi I'm Judah this is now this world and
we wanted to know just how powerful is
the People's Republic of Bangladesh
Bangladesh is over fifty seven thousand
square miles in size making it just the
95th largest country by area or just
slightly larger than the American states
of New Jersey and Pennsylvania combined
the country's home to a population of
about one hundred and fifty nine million
people making it the eighth most
populous country on earth Bangladesh had
a GDP per capita of only 1358 dollars in
2016 according to the World Bank but the
nation has seen a few years of economic
growth in 2017 it grew by 7.2 percent
according to the Asian Development Bank
additionally a recent report by the
World Bank says that the country has
experienced an impressive decline in
poverty especially in rural areas but
despite its improving economic
performance over the last few years
Bangladesh has experienced a share of
political blows it's perceived to be one
of the most corrupt countries according
to Transparency International a global
organization that ranks corruption
perception politically bangladesh is a
parliamentary republic with a
non-executive president its legislature
the gist ESN saw has 300 directly
elected members who serve five-year
terms and 50 seats are reserved
specifically for women while the
country's laws and shrines secularism
its courts have maintained that Islam is
Bangladesh a state religion about 89% of
all Bangladeshis practice the Islamic
faith one of Bangladesh's most pressing
issues has to do with the recent influx
of refugees almost 700 thousand row
hanger refugees have fled Myanmar since
August 2017 to escape what the UN is
calling ethnic cleansing it is estimated
that Bangladesh is hosting nearly 1
million row hangar
jeez due to previous waves of violence
the country now hosts more row hanga
than Myanmar this influx of people has
had political economic and social
impacts on Bangladesh but Bangladeshi
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina says her
nation is willing to do what it takes to
care for the refugees yes I know this is
not a rich country it is true
160 million people in a small you know
geographical land but if we can feed the
160 million people another 500 or 700
thousand people we can do it we can
share our food we are ready to do it and
our people are already doing it despite
international relief aid flowing into
the country it hasn't been enough to
cover the full cost of the refugee
crisis leaving it up to Bangladesh to
pay for the rest but what about its
relations with other countries in the
region when it comes to its largest
neighbor that surrounds most of the
nation India relations seem to be
improving some say that this could be an
effect of the Indian government's recent
policy to focus on China's growing
influence in the region this competition
between China and India has benefited
Bangladesh in some ways including its
stock exchange but relations with
Pakistan another regional power
harnessed friendly Bangladesh which was
formerly known as East Pakistan gained
independence from Pakistan in 1971 after
a brutal war while a rocky agreement has
held the peace between the two countries
relations have been tense to say the
least with two massive nuclear-armed
countries in its immediate vicinity
Bangladesh has also recently begun a
drive to modernize and bulk up its
military capabilities
under the plan force's goal 2030
Bangladesh has already purchased a
number of helicopters unmanned aircrafts
and anti-missile aircrafts its ultimate
goal to have an Army Navy and Air Force
capable of conducting warfare by the
year 2030 according to global military
ranking site global firepower
Bangladesh's military strength currently
ranks 57th out of 133 countries
around the world Bangladesh has a
variety of political and social
challenges to overcome whose solutions
may very well help determine how much
more powerful the country could become
in the next few years as they continue
to grow economically pull its people out
of poverty and bolster its military and
international standing it just might
position itself as a third player in
South Asia's largely to country show but
we'll just have to wait and see only
time will tell whether Bangladesh's
economy will continue to grow as well as
its political influence in the region
but what are some other nations you'd
like us to examine next let me know what
you think in the comments below thanks
for watching now this world and please
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more every week
