we asked you all a few weeks ago which
country wanted us to tackle and our next
how powerful is video and we got your
response loud and clear
Sweden it's often pointed to as the
ideal combination of capitalism and
socialism maybe it's due to the
country's high standard of living
education and socialized health care or
maybe it's due to their widely respected
international standing
whatever the reason we thought with your
motivation that we dive deep into their
society politics and military to find
out the truth behind just how powerful
Sweden really is the kingdom of Sweden
is a Nordic and Scandinavian country
located in northern Europe while many
use the two terms interchangeably
they're not actually the same the
Scandinavian countries are generally
considered to be Sweden and its
immediate neighbours Denmark and Norway
however the phrase Nordic countries
usually also includes Finland Iceland
Greenland and the Faroe Islands as well
as the Ã¥land Islands compared to most
of its neighbours and the European Union
Sweden is massive like other Nordic
countries Sweden is still technically a
monarchy although their royal family
holds no real power instead power is
held by its Democratic Parliament the
country's constitution is founded on
four major pillars first all government
power is granted by its population by
way of parliament the Riksdag second the
Constitution says the country will have
a king and queen with specific rules of
succession including a requirement that
they be Protestant third freedom of the
press is a guarantee which public
authorities are not allowed to censor
fourth freedom of expression cannot be
abridged except in cases of public
defamation Sweden is also well known for
the robust social system has in place
for its population of 10 million
residents the country provides universal
health care as well as a free college
education for everyone part of the
reason is able to do this is because
Sweden has one of the highest per capita
incomes in the world and the government
taxes
that income significantly on average and
nearly 60% roughly 1/4 of the collected
taxes go towards health care and
education about 40% goes toward social
security and just 5% is allocated toward
law enforcement and the military but
despite such a low budgetary focus from
taxes Sweden's military actually ranks
29th worldwide with more than 40
thousand available troops and a defense
budget of roughly 6 billion dollars
throughout its history Sweden has been
strictly neutral with its last direct
warfare happening in 1814 it is also a
member of numerous intergovernmental
organizations such as the European Union
the United Nations the Nordic Council
the World Trade Organization and the
OECD it is not however a NATO member nor
is it part of the eurozone preferring to
use their own currency the krona so what
does this high tax Social Welfare and
strong military mean for Sweden well
they have one of the happiest healthiest
wealthiest best educated and most
progressive populations in the world
with 10 million residents roughly a
quarter of the population is foreign
born due to the country's acceptance of
refugees from the Middle East and North
Africa
despite nationalist rhetoric from white
supremacy groups and even the President
of the United States crime in Sweden has
not seen a significant rise and it's
currently roughly the same as it was in
2005 in short Sweden has managed to
bridge the gap between social welfare
and high incomes while opening its doors
to those in need so when it's held up as
the model and standard for how other
country should function it may be
because Sweden is doing incredibly well
on its own so you just watched how
powerful is Sweden which was suggested
by our viewers keep an eye out for more
polls in our community tab to let us
know which topics you want us to dive
into thanks for watching now this world
and don't forget to Like and subscribe
for more episodes every week
