2017 has been a big year for Kazakhstan
they hosted an international Expo and
they currently hold a non permanent seat
on the UN Security Council while these
are new introductions on the world stage
regionally the country is a dominant
force for the last few years our
commenters have been asking us to dive
deep into the Central Asian giant and
we're finally ready to answer one of
your most burning questions just how
powerful is Kazakhstan well when we say
Central Asian giant we mean just that
Kazakhstan is massive coming in a little
over 1 million square miles in size that
makes it the single largest landlocked
country in the world and the ninth
largest overall that's about four times
the size of the u.s. state of Texas but
surprisingly Kazakhstan is population is
considerably lower than that of Texas
with only about 18 million residents
that's one of the lowest population
densities on earth Kazakhstan was the
dominant economy in Central Asia but
today their gdp is down by more than 100
billion dollars due to a worldwide
collapse in oil prices although slowly
recovering the economic burden has
significantly affected living conditions
in fact in spite of a formerly healthy
gdp life in Kazakhstan is considered
rather authoritarian it was the last
Soviet republic to become independent
and has kept the same leader in power
for the last 25 years Nursultan
Nazarbayev is often described as a
dictator who cracks down on free speech
and religion and is known to imprison
political activists although it is
technically democratic the reality of
the country's human rights abuses under
a long-term leader suggests that it is
anything but this is problematic for a
diverse population there are estimated
to be more than 130 ethnic groups living
in Kazakhstan although the overwhelming
majority are ethnically Kazakh and
religiously Islamic due to its large and
central location there is overwhelming
regional influence from neighboring
states such as Russia Uzbekistan Germany
and others and although it is such a
regionally dominant country Kazakhstan
military is not that large ranking 55th
worldwide it
roughly a hundred thousand troops was a
2.4 billion dollar defense budget
additionally military conscription is in
effect with a mandatory service of two
years however this mandatory service is
in the process of being phased out
luckily the size of their military is
not as important to the country's
defense as is their membership in a wide
variety of international organizations
kazakhstan is a member of the United
Nations and the World Trade Organization
they are also party to regional groups
such as the Commonwealth of Independent
States a collection of post-soviet
Republic's but most importantly
Kazakhstan is part of the collective
security treaty organization which
contains Armenia Belarus Kyrgyzstan
Tajikistan and Russia all of whom
pledged to support one another in case
of attack with these backing military
forces individual defense is not that
high of a priority kazakhstan is a
unique combination of internal power
with the reliance on external forces an
economy society and military the country
has plenty of work to do but has found
itself self-sufficient in the
post-soviet era ultimately its biggest
struggle is with regaining its recent
economic might and tackling rampant
human rights abuses from an
authoritarian quasi democratic political
system kazakhstan may be the largest
Central Asian country but it's only one
part of an important grouping of nations
known as the stance showing exactly what
they are and how they work together as a
collective regional power check out this
video to the right and thanks for
suggesting this topic we love hearing
from our viewers so thanks for watching
now this world please keep commenting
liking and subscribing
