since the election of Donald Trump
right-wing nationalist movements have
grown an exposure within the United
States in response left wing populism
has also seen a resurgence ranging from
peaceful to violent opposition one of
the most outspoken and aggressive of
these left-wing movements is known as
antifa
short form anti-fascism news about an
Tifa protests have included reports of
assault property damage and other forms
of violence against both white
supremacists and more moderate
right-wing protesters and whether you
call them antifa or an Tifa the group
has become a relatively recent buzzword
in the news yet the anti-fascist
movement has been around for nearly a
century so what exactly is the modern
and Tifa and where does it come from
well historically anti-fascism has been
defined as a reactive and militant
opposition to fascist groups in power
modern fascism arose out of a right-wing
response to socialist ideals like
democracy and liberalism and instead
focused on values like disciplined law
and order in particular Italian dictator
Benito Mussolini is considered the most
prominent early fascist leader who
explicitly declared war on socialism as
the fascist movement spread throughout
Italy and Germany large groups of
leftist revolutionaries including
socialists communists anarchists and
laborers fought back both physically and
with volumes of literature and large
protests in Italy this movement was
popular among ethnic groups threatened
by fascist nationalism which sought to
expel Slavic ethnicities in an effort to
quote-unquote reclaim Italy for Italians
one of the earliest anti-fascist groups
tigr or Tiger formed in 1927 Tiger was
made up largely of Slovene and Croat
people who fought against Italian
government efforts to eradicate Slavic
culture by prohibiting their language
religion schools and organizations as
other ethnicities and leftist groups
were threatened anti-fascist
organizations grew in membership and
gained public support originally these
groups were mostly political and
resistance based but Mussolini's power
grabbed following an alleged
assassination attempt led to the
creation of a secret police explicitly
designed to root out in clashes efforts
the police officially named the
organization for vigilance and
repression of anti-fascism infiltrated
Italian society and arrested thousands
of anti-government activists similarly
in early 1930s Germany the Gestapo
served the same function leading to
street fights with German and Tifa
groups such as the red front fighters
league these early oppressed groups
became heavily militant during World War
two fighting Nazis and Italian fascists
throughout Europe many leftist
revolutionaries saw violence as the only
way to stop fascism with Byng Marxist
theorist Leon Trotsky dismissing the
idea of peaceful efforts calling them
flabby pacifism which he said only
embolden fascist gangs
around this time in the United States
fascist friendly organizations such as
the German bund and the Ku Klux Klan
were also opposed by socialist and
communist groups after world war ii
anti-fascist organizations in the united
states were marked as subversive by the
US government since they were aligned
with communism which during the Cold War
the u.s. considered a larger political
threat than fascism ultimately the Cold
War took precedence over earlier fascist
versus anti-fascist movements it wasn't
until the 1990s when the USSR collapsed
that the two factions saw a resurgence
in response to right-wing nationalism
these newer anti-fascist groups were
more focused on political anti-racism
and anti-capitalist efforts but today a
new form of anti-fascism has taken the
reigns in the United States so-called
black bloc and Tifa activists are known
for concealing their faces and wearing
all black in order to avoid prosecution
for violent protests and property damage
these groups have been described in
mainstream media as confrontational with
a focus on disrupting marches by white
nationalists and Nazis such as in
Charlottesville Virginia while there is
no centralized antifa organization it's
been estimated that there are over 200
individual groupings throughout the
United States in addition to physical
confrontation online and Tifa chapters
seek to expose the identities of white
supremacists and get them fired from
their jobs or evicted from their homes
throughout history these groups often
evolved from existing extremist groups
on the political spectrum and tactics
and rhetoric from both sides can lead to
violence but in spite of ntfs goal to
disrupt a hateful ideology their own use
of violence has been widely disavowed
and in some cases has hurt the round
cause since the election of donald trump
has led to a rise and fascist exposure
many are asking is Donald Trump himself
a fascist check out an in-depth analysis
of that question in this video thanks
for watching now this world don't forget
to Like and subscribe for more episodes
diving into the news around us every
week
