as Germany gains leverage on the global
stage many have begun to reappropriation
of the free world away from the
President of the United States and
towards the Chancellor of Germany Angela
Merkel
she's the de facto head of the European
Union and an extremely popular
politician in her home country so just
how powerful is Angela Merkel well
Forbes has named Merkel the most
powerful woman and third most powerful
person in the world as of 2016 but the
Chancellor actually comes from humble
beginnings she was born in what was once
West Germany her father a Lutheran
pastor and her mother a teacher in
school she studied Russian and
mathematics and ultimately received a
doctorate in quantum chemistry following
the fall of the Berlin Wall Merkel was
eventually elected into the German
parliament with the Christian Democratic
Union a centre-right political party she
quickly rose through the ranks and
became the secretary-general of her
party in 1998 and in 2005 was appointed
as Chancellor of Germany she's held this
position for the last 12 years and
outlasted nearly all other major world
leaders from the start of her term
including George Bush Tony Blair and
Silvio Berlusconi so how she been able
to do this one major reason is that
Germany's economy has seen extraordinary
growth when Merkel was appointed to the
role as party leader Germany was
considered the quote sick man of Europe
with unemployment at more than 11% and a
GDP of roughly 2.8 trillion under her
policies unemployment dropped to below 4
percent and roughly a trillion dollars
was added to the GDP part of this
success was based on her criticism of
the former communist method of economic
stability which relied on a
protectionist system of high outside
tariffs forcing the purchase of lower
quality domestic products Merkel has
explicitly stated no nation can confine
itself to considering only its own
concerns it will sooner or later inflict
harm along these lines she has grown the
German economy to be the largest in
Europe and the fourth largest in the
world
additionally her strategy of investing
in developing countries in exchange for
a larger market of consumers has led to
a direct increase
in German exports of high quality
products thus skyrocketing economic
growth fueled by Germany's success the
fledgling European Union has adopted
much of the country's economic policies
and effectively established Merkel as
the predominant European leader
she has also proven to be a skilled
negotiator and relentless diplomat
having famously stood up to Vladimir
Putin brokered peace talks in Kiev
negotiated with the Iraqi Prime Minister
attended a security conference in Munich
and met with President Obama in
Washington all in one week still in
spite of her education economic prowess
political stamina and longevity Merkel
is not without criticism as the
far-right movement has grown throughout
Europe she has been widely rebuked for
allowing a large number of Syrian
migrants into Germany and by extension
neighboring countries by and large
Merkel remains a popular candidate with
her party winning the 2013 election by a
major landslide as many Western
countries see a rapid increase in
right-wing rhetoric Angela Merkel has
been called the liberal West's last
defender considering that she may
actually be the new leader of the free
world it's easy to say that Angela
Merkel is incredibly powerful and will
likely play a major role in world
development in the coming years while
Merkel is considered one of the most
politically powerful women in the world
there are many other women who deserve
the title in their own fields to learn
about who else tops the list of powerful
women check out this video to the right
thanks for watching out-of-this-world
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more videos like this every week
