North Korea has been scrutinized as one
of the world's worst dictatorships with
an especially strong focus on the
country's nuclear proliferation but in
spite of its tyrannical government
little attention has been paid to the
North Korean people what few reports
have come out of this autocracy paint a
bleak existence for the average citizen
so we wanted to know what is life really
like in North Korea well first and
foremost North Korean society is based
on a social caste system known as Seong
bun which is used to allocate government
assistance such as housing or rations
its ranks are determined by loyalty to
the North Korean dictatorship and a
single real or perceived slight against
the government can demote an entire
family and future generations this is
why one of the most common themes in
international coverage of North Korean
culture is a near fanatical devotion
towards the country's leaders allegedly
every home is required to have pictures
of former leaders Kim il-sung and Kim
jong-il and no other wall ornamentation
with strict rules and fines associated
with dusting the pictures regularly as
well as their placement for maximum
respect the cult of personality
surrounding the country's leaders is one
of the most emphasized aspects of song
but North Korea has a population of
about 25 million and while that's fairly
high its growth has been stagnant for
decades one of the most significant
barriers to population growth was the
North Korean Famine which lasted from
1994 to 1998 and the effects of which
are still felt today although originally
supported by the Soviet Union stemming
from their involvement in the Korean War
the collapse of the USSR meant that
North Korea stopped receiving aid and
thus food stores and production
plummeted in the early 1990s at the same
time natural disasters like droughts
decimated the populations ability to
grow enough food to sustain even local
populations and the inefficient
government system proved to be no help
at all by some estimates between half a
million and three and a half million
citizens died in the famine stunting
population growth and economic
development although in the year since
aid from the US and other countries has
improved the situation most reports
maintain that a majority of North
Koreans are unable to source foods with
necessary nutrients such as fats or
proteins largely subsisting on crops
like rice calves
and radishes in poorer regions even
boiled grass and ground tree bark serve
as food substitutes in addition to a
poor diet and the famine North Korea's
birthrate suffers from extreme poverty
and social conditions due to mandatory
10-year military conscription that
starts at age 17 citizens rarely get
married before their late 20s
nonetheless nearly all North Koreans are
expected to get married divorce rates
are effectively zero and couples are
encouraged to have as many children as
possible to offset the slow population
growth while most of the rest of the
world in occupation is something a
person can study for and work towards
within the North Korean collectivist
system jobs are assigned by the
government based on industry need and
location according to defectors there's
no choice whatsoever in career and the
only way to be assigned a preferable
position is to bribe government
officials jobs are also generally
limited to country sustainability for
example medicine factory work
construction or in some cases working
for foreign corporations that utilize
cheap North Korean labor although the
government allegedly provides free
health care it spends less per citizen
than almost any other country in the
world across the board the largest cause
of death is cardiovascular disease this
is partially due to the extremely low
standard of care with nearly all regions
of suffering shortages of medical
equipment medication and even
anesthetics for surgery
additionally smoking is widespread
nearly half of all North Korean men are
regular smokers although among women the
percentage is incredibly low
particularly in urban areas where women
smoking is severely stigmatized reports
from North Korean defectors also suggest
that the use of illegal drugs like
methamphetamine is not only widespread
but common these austere conditions
paint a bleak picture of life in North
Korea with nearly no room for upward
mobility extremely poor living
conditions and very little government
support for those outside the leaders
high-ranking inner circle although North
Korean propaganda has attempted to paint
the country as mighty and prosperous
with enormous monuments and fanatical
displays of loyalty the reality could
not be farther from the ideal so how
exactly does this autocratic
dictatorship actually funk
and who else has power and besides kim
jeong-hoon you can find out by watching
this video explaining the details of
North Korea's bizarre government thanks
for watching now this world and make
sure to let us know down below in the
comments what topics in series you'd
like us to cover and as always don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every week
