in early 2017 Romania Prime Minister
passed an executive order making it
almost impossible to convict high-level
officials for abuses of power he said
that the law was a way to ease pressure
on the country's overcrowded prisons
however critics accused him of using it
to free some of his political allies
from corruption charges after news broke
thousands of Romanians poured into the
streets in the country's largest
uprising in nearly three decades
European countries are generally seen as
examples of fairness and transparency in
government with countries like Denmark
and Switzerland consistently ranking
among the least corrupt
however in much of Eastern Europe
including Romania bribery and other
forms of corruption are still a part of
daily life so why is there this
discrepancy while much of Eastern Europe
was either part of or aligned with the
Soviet Union
this meant that these countries had
centralized economies where everything
from production to prices to individual
incomes was controlled by the state in
economies where everything is equal
incentives for demanding and offering
bribes are high and it's often the only
way to function as a business this
culture of corruption was only
exacerbated under Soviet era dictators
who built loyal regimes that ruled long
after the Soviet Union fell to
understand how this works look no
further than Romania a country that was
communist for more than three decades
this started in the aftermath of World
War two when the Soviet Union took the
country under its wing as a satellite
state in 1965 Nicolae Ceausescu took
over and although he distanced the
country from the USSR he created his own
more repressive brand of communism
Ceausescu transformed Romania into an
industrialized closed-off economy
resulting in a nearly 10 percent drop in
economic growth widespread unemployment
and extreme shortages of food energy and
other necessities meanwhile he became a
brutal and oppressive dictator enforcing
strict controls on media and opposition
and ordering the arrest torture and
execution of thousands of people this
eventually culminated in a violent
revolution and coup d'etat and in 1989
treach's coup and his wife were executed
Romania then began to make democratic
reforms but Romanians failed to see that
show chesco was only the tip of the
iceberg during his reign he built a huge
politically like-minded regime which for
more than a decade after the Revolution
maintained a major stake in politics
although Romanians had gotten rid of
Kosciusko
they hadn't purged his foundation
so many of the same abuses of power
continued this problem was not uncommon
among post communist states in Eastern
Europe during the process of
privatization corrupt relationships
formed between politicians and
corporations leading to bribes and
kickbacks what's more many members of
the elite were able to hold on to their
wealth and power by laundering money and
rigging elections after the Soviet Union
fell many countries established
democratic institutions but they failed
to get rid of corrupt individuals and
norms which in some cases continued
today in fact many of Romania's modern
politicians are former communists where
of connections to the Communist Party
with abuses of power so deeply rooted in
history and culture rooting it out
completely may take more than a
revolution and even with its enduring
legacy of corruption Romania is still
far cleaner in this country which
consistently ranks as Europe's most
corrupt want to know more check out this
video thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos
