liddie habla or the devil is how many
French citizens refer to one of the
country's oldest and most divisive
politicians 88 year-old jean-marie lepen
during his nearly 40 years as leader and
co-founder of the far-right National
Front party lepen has made headlines for
racist xenophobic and anti-semitic
statements including his dismissal of
Holocaust gas chambers is only a quote
detail of world war two but today far
more attention is being paid to the so
called Devils daughter marine lepen
marine has seen a meteoric rise in the
polls since taking over the National
Front from her father in 2011 so who is
marine lepen and is she following in her
father's footsteps
the lepen family has been in the public
eye for decades marine is the youngest
of three daughters and grew up while her
father was gaining notoriety as one of
the country's most reviled politicians
her father was a staunch fiscal and
social conservative who saw no place for
multiculturalism in France at the time
these views were seen as extreme and
marine was reportedly teased in school
and shunned by teachers when she was 8
the family's Paris flat was bombed while
no one was hurt marine still references
the event as what propelled her into
politics she later said I wanted to do
other things
but politics is a virus if you have it
you can never get away from him
marina and her sisters reportedly lived
and breathed the National Front party in
fact both of her marriages have been to
fellow party members marine went to law
school and around the early 2000s worked
behind the scenes as the National
Front's director of legal affairs with
the help of her father marine ascended
to become vice president of the National
Front in 2007 jean-marie ran for
president of France and marine managed
his campaign but his views were
perceived by many French voters to be
too extreme and he lost that election by
a wide margin in 2011 marine took over
the National Front from her father and
almost overnight brought the party back
up in the polls under her leadership the
National Front has taken on a massive
overhaul of its public image moving away
from what was perceived to be a fringe
party populated by aging bigots to a
modern common sense conservative
movement marine recruited countless
younger politicians softened the party's
rhetoric publicly denounced racist and
anti-semitic views and even
Retin to sue anyone who publicly labeled
national front has extreme right this
rebranding campaign perhaps reached its
zenith in 2015 when marine forced her
father out after he refused to back off
of Holocaust minimizing statements
meanwhile some of Marines views have
progressed beyond her father's she is
decidedly pro-choice and gay friendly
and has been openly critical of
capitalism
however she hasn't veered that far like
her father Marine has been accused of
xenophobia and has taken a hard line
against multiculturalism and immigration
in 2015 marine went on trial for
inciting religious hatred after she
compared Muslim Street prayers to the
Nazi occupation of France during World
War two the state prosecutor determined
that lepen was exercising her right to
free speech and she was ultimately
acquitted today in her presidential
campaign she is advocated for stricter
border control and a return to the franc
currency as well as an exit from NATO
and the European Union she has even
posed a measure that would deport legal
immigrants who have been out of work for
six months or longer marine lepen to
visit views have fueled a move to the
far right across france but not everyone
is happy about her rise in popularity
many of murine speeches have been met
with protests some of which have turned
violent but if the success of Donald
Trump and the brexit referendum are any
indication France may be ready for a
populist nationalist leader will have to
wait till spring to see how they'll vote
isolationist sentiments are a major
bolster for right-wing politicians not
just in France but in all of Europe to
find out more about the rise of
conservatism in the region check out
this video thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos
you
