it's becoming increasingly clear that
the tech revolution is moving faster
than anyone expected
for many automation has made life easier
cars can be built in a few hours rather
than a few weeks money can be dispensed
from ATMs at any time of day you can
even check yourself out of a grocery
store without any human interaction at
the forefront of this technological
shift is none other than one of the most
technologically advanced countries in
the world Japan while a number of
physical jobs are already being phased
out in favor of automation
the next big plateau is replacing
positions which require critical
thinking something believes to be unique
to humans but some companies in Japan
are making the change with the help of
artificial intelligence
Fuko commute rural life insurance is
laying off 34 workers whose job it is to
calculate how much to pay out for
insurance claims in their place will be
an AI system based on an information
analysis machine created by IBM although
the initial cost of the machine is high
roughly 1.7 million dollars the company
believes it will save more than a
million dollars every year and fo cocoa
is not the only company in Japan looking
to replace its mental workforce at least
3 other similar companies are looking
into AI systems to replace
intermediaries between the customer and
the product and that kind of makes sense
considering that Japan's population is
dropping from 2010 to 2015 the country
lost almost 1 million people with it
dramatically low birthrate and nearly a
third of the population is over the age
of 65 but while humans are dwindling the
ability to automate jobs in Japan is
only improving one data analysis found
that artificial intelligence and robots
could replace roughly half of the jobs
in Japan just within the next 10 to 20
years around the world the same rush to
automate is ongoing reports by the World
Economic Forum show that as many as 7
million jobs will be lost to robots in
just the next five years in the top 15
countries which comprise more than half
of the world's workforce although every
industry would see job loss and be
mostly concentrated in areas like health
care energy and financial services in
particular office administration would
likely see the biggest hit even today
jobs are dropping off at an alarming
rate on the other hand certain jobs in
particular skilled person-to-person
careers such as therapy social services
and
psionically jobs like data analysis will
likely be safe and even increase in
demand these first few efforts in Japan
may be new but illustrate a dramatic
shift worldwide which for many is
worrisome if robots are able to
replicate human intelligence what else
is on the table for replacement music
poetry these activities may seem safe
from automation but there are already
signs that that's not the case
computers are already composing music
and Twitter BOTS are creating complex
poems in the end Japan may not just be
leading the way for automation of
certain jobs or perhaps the automation
of humanity we can't do episodes like
this without our sponsors and this
episode is brought to you by domain.com
if you're an entrepreneur innovator or
building a small business domain.com is
the place to go and that next great idea
hits you get 20% off domain coms already
affordable domain names and web hosting
when you use coupon code seeker and
checkout when you think domain names
think domain.com so what else is being
lost to this move to automate everything
some people are struggling to find work
in not automated areas and others have
given up trying entirely what exactly is
slowing new job seekers and what will
happen going forward by now in this
video in the next 10 years less than
half of 1 billion job seekers are
expected to actually find work clearly
this situation is terrible not only for
young people but the world economy as a
whole
thanks watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for more
videos every day
