Iran and Russia have little in common
along cultural ethnic and religious
lines Iran is an Islamic Republic while
Russia has a long history of secularism
yet the two are close geopolitical
allies for one simple reason the united
states conflict throughout the Middle
East and Central Asia
has pit the u.s. against both Iran and
Russia as all three seek greater power
in these regions so what exactly makes
up the alliance between Russia and Iran
and what does it have to do with the
u.s.
well notably Russia and Iran have both
held unfriendly relations with the
United States for decades for Iran this
began largely due to a cia-backed coup
which replaced the appointed prime
minister with a u.s. friendly Shah in
1953 roughly 26 years later the Shah was
overthrown in the Islamic Revolution
ending US relations as for Russia
negative and competing relations with
the United States following World War
two ultimately culminated in a
half-century long Cold War lasting until
the fall of the Soviet Union although
political disagreements between them
continued to this day
as such the US has placed economic
sanctions on both countries most
recently in Iran for violating details
of an agreement on nuclear proliferation
and in Russia for the invasion of Crimea
in Ukraine in light of these sanctions
the two countries were forced to rely on
each other for certain types of trade
like oil in fact in recent years they've
worked on an oil for goods deal that can
be worth as much as twenty billion
dollars and would help Iran dispense
with its excess of oil since the two
share a border via the Caspian Sea
they're able to cooperate militarily as
well Russia's collective security treaty
organization which serves as an affront
to NATO and features predominantly
post-soviet States has invited Iran to
join
additionally the two our primary
founders of the gas exporting countries
forum which represents roughly 70% of
the world's natural gas due to military
sanctions against Iran the country also
relies on Russia for armaments in 2010 a
UN resolution
and the sale of missile systems and
other heavy weaponry to Iran
forcing Russia to go back on a deal for
long-range surface-to-air missiles
however following completion of the Iran
nuclear deal between Iran and the United
Nations Security Council the missile
delivery was reinstated the two
countries also work together on security
particularly against Isis the so-called
4+1 coalition made up of Russia Syria
Iran Iraq and Lebanon have shared
intelligence in order to fight the
terror group however the United States
has pushed back on this coalition saying
it aids not just anti-isis efforts but
pro Syria efforts particularly by Russia
and Iran both have been allies of the
Syrian government for decades by some
accounts Iran is more of a pawn for
Russia to wield its influence rather
than a fully equal partner in their
relationship one thing is certain
however this generally favorable
relationship has done plenty to rebuff
the United States while both Iran and
Russia see mutually beneficial results
from their alliance
besides the 1953 CIA backed coup Iran
has plenty of other reasons to dislike
and distrust the United States you can
learn more about the history of their
mutual conflict and where they stand
today by watching this video on November
4th of that same year protesters stormed
the US Embassy in Iran and the Iranian
government held 52 Americans hostage for
more than a year thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more videos every day
