with the 2016 presidential race coming
to a close we've heard a lot from
supporters of Donald Trump and Hillary
Clinton but there's one group we haven't
heard from early in Trump's campaign he
said the silent majority is back and
many have pointed to this silent
majority as the driving force behind
Trump's rise in the past year so what
exactly is this silent majority and how
will these voters impact the election
well the term was popularized by
President Richard Nixon shortly after he
took office in 1969 enormous
demonstrations against the war in
Vietnam were taking place around the
country and the use were extremely vocal
and visible but in his speech Nixon
called on the silent majority who agreed
with him on a slower withdrawal from
Vietnam they remained silent because of
societal pressure from the comparatively
outspoken 1960s anti-war counterculture
nonetheless the silent majority
undoubtedly existed and in fact helped
Nixon win the presidency but the silent
majority was more complex than simply
conservatives who are afraid to speak
out the term also implied those in
middle America particularly blue-collar
workers to whom politics was not a
priority Nixon himself described these
groups as quote forgotten Americans and
that those who were the most vocal and
received the most representation did not
necessarily represent that silent
majority but why would Trump even invoke
a term by Nixon considering his
disgraceful history and near impeachment
well it may be that Trump is banking on
Nixon inspired voters the sentiments
behind a modern silent majority are
similar to those of the Nixon era and
the two politicians are not entirely
dissimilar Trump's outlandish behavior
may call out severe criticism by the
media but his strict presumption of law
and order as well as exploitation of
racial tensions in public fear to garner
popularity has certainly worked to gain
him the nomination
what's more the United States is
experiencing a hostile counterculture
not unlike that of the 1960s many on the
Left label not just Trump but his open
supporters as racists and sexist s'
which is not a label anyone wants to
hold so it is likely that many of Trump
supporters are silent about their
support but do still comprise a majority
of the voting Republican Party although
Donald Trump appears to be losing
support from the GOP in the final weeks
of
the election there still no telling how
much of the silent vote he has left in
such a close race between two generally
unpopular candidates with third parties
gaining unprecedented ground it is
possible if the silent majority may be
more important in this election than
ever before despite the successes of
third parties in this election could one
actually win and has that ever happened
before
find out when that's happened in the
past and why we haven't seen a viable
third party candidate in so long by
watching this video here since Millard
Fillmore stepped down as the last Whig
party president no third party has ever
come close Theodore Roosevelt who had
already been president as a Republican
couldn't even win the 1912 election
under his own bull moose party yet
thousands of people vote for third party
candidates every four years thanks for
watching seeker daily everyone please
subscribe and like this video and share
it with your friends see you later
