last week YouTube came under fire after
users noticed they could no longer
monetize their videos based on
advertiser friendly content guidelines
themes of sexuality violence bad
language drugs or anything controversial
like war or tragedy were considered not
advertiser friendly and hundreds of
channels seeker daily included so much
of their newsworthy content demonetised
meaning they could not be used with
YouTube's internal advertising program
popular youtuber and seeker partner Phil
DeFranco quickly fired back in a viral
video where he rightly stated that
although content creators were not being
outright prevented from posting their
videos taking money away from creators
is in and of itself a form of control
and censorship penalizing creators for
addressing controversial topics makes
them more reticent to address them in
the future and this holds true for all
forms of press and media censorship
having Free Press is vital to a
functioning democracy allowing a free
flow of information gives people the
ability to decide for themselves so we
need free press but who actually pays to
keep the news free well historically
most media has been supported by one of
three methods advertising state
sponsorship or by subscription some
function through a combination of
sources like newspapers and cable
television which has funded both by
advertisers and by a subscription model
but both of these methods run the risk
of alienating either their subscribers
or their advertisers based on content
which can end up in a sort of
self-censorship which is what YouTube is
being accused of encouraging inherently
it's an imperfect system if you're
watching a video about Isis and a
laundry detergent banner pops up from
the bottom that's damaging to the
advertisers brand but the world of news
does not care about what consumers or
advertisers find distasteful journalists
have a responsibility to report on it
all the same but what are the
alternatives some media is
state-sponsored like National Public
Radio in the United States but
state-sponsored media is a slippery
slope as can be seen in countries with
less free regimes like North Korea or
Eritrea Plus as Public Broadcasting's
regular fundraising efforts would
suggest they can't solely rely on state
funds media companies can attempt to
work on a subscriber model and in fact
despite the
fiquitiva free internet content reports
show that more than half of Millennials
in 2015
paid for their media including news and
entertainment but just like advertisers
subscribers pose their own problems and
hold their own biases plus forcing
people to pay for content directly tends
to alienate potential and existing
audiences for example after The Times UK
put up a paywall on its website the
company reportedly lost more than 80% of
its readers in just three weeks
in fact one journalist and Stanford
Research Fellow estimates that a website
with a hard paywall can expect to lose
up to 90 percent of its readers although
they may regain a small proportion of
page subscribers the loss has an effect
on their reach and quality ultimately
there's no right answer Guardian
reporter Simon Jenkins notes that
there's no question that the private
sector is an insecure way of financing a
free press that does not make money but
all the other ways are worse and for
that reason YouTube's guidelines or any
advertising based censorship should be
based on social responsibility rather
than being a question of legality the
existence of this problem is not new
television radio newspapers and even
books have all struggled to find a
balance between being controversial and
being funded and while it seems to work
most of the time it's not without its
glaring flaws now to its credit YouTube
has started Romana Tizen videos after
implementing a better appeal process but
some serious questions remain check out
this video up top by Phil DeFranco for a
more in-depth look at the YouTube
controversy and for a better
understanding of why media companies
have no legal requirement to support
freedom of the press check out this
video below about the First Amendment
and what it does and does not cover
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day of the week
you
