Republican presidential nominee Donald
Trump has seen unprecedented support in
the 2016 election with many of his
backers hoping he'll run the United
States like one of his many businesses
the Republican nominee is far from the
first politician to promote this idea
but would it actually work should the
u.s. be run like a business well on its
face both businesses and governments
should certainly strive to be more
efficient accountable and transparent
this is especially relevant in the face
of widespread government inefficiency
which is suggested to cost taxpayers in
the billions and even trillions in Iraq
between 6 and 12 billion dollars
earmarked for reconstruction was
misappropriated and long unaccounted for
although some was later recovered so it
certainly sounds nice to have someone
with financial business experience to
get a grip on spending right well the
problem is that businesses and
governments are not just different
they seek fundamentally opposing goals
in a nutshell businesses seek to create
the maximum amount of profit for
shareholders by any means necessary
which can include layoffs inferior
products and even outright bankruptcy in
fact one of the ways Trump has gotten so
rich is by strategically filing for
bankruptcy in order to extract the
maximum value out of his companies
declaring bankruptcy on a government
especially one as globally integral as
the US would be disastrous on the other
hand governments are specifically
intended to benefit and represent people
first and be sustainable or profitable
second a government run like a business
would be beholden to its shareholders at
the expense of the consumer but both its
shareholders and its consumers are the
same pool of taxpayers this makes it
much more difficult to balance the needs
of shareholders and consumers in
practice businesses that are entirely
owned by their workers are rare and also
workers owning the means of production
is actually a form of socialism
moreover the reason businesses are able
to operate is because of a competitive
market governments are monopolies in
almost every way you can't shop around a
government without leaving the country
this is partially the reason
government-run services like the DMV and
the post office are criticized for being
inefficient they don't have an incentive
to improve not only that but taxes are
not the same as sales citizens are
legally required to pay taxes and they
can't easily boycott government price
when a business needs to get back into
profitability oftentimes it'll impose
strict cost-cutting measures and the
same concept is known as austerity for
governments this can be seen in
countries like Greece and Spain where
austerity measures have led to high
unemployment and poor economic
performance finally and perhaps most
compellingly profit is not the ultimate
goal of a government governments are
primarily engaged in promoting social
value which is why public schools and
parks don't make any profit but are
nonetheless funded basically governments
are designed to care about the people
that they're made of and elected by
although good policy can lead to a
budget surplus that's rarely the
ultimate goal of a government nor should
it be Donald Trump may be a businessman
but by all accounts the US should not be
run like a business if you're like me
and love history science and exploration
you should check out science go where
you can binge watch all seasons current
and past of your favorite shows right
now I'm watching marathons of how it's
made check out the link in the
description below to learn more and if
you're looking to learn more about
government privatization you can watch
our video here well privatization occurs
when a government agency that provides
public services is converted into a
privately owned organization while the
services often remain they can be
delivered on a for-profit basis rather
than strictly operated for the benefit
of the public thanks for watching seeker
daily make sure to LIKE and subscribe
for new videos every day
