in July 2016 the African Union unveiled
its first electronic passport or a
passport if all goes according to plan
these passports will be available to all
au citizens by 2018 au leaders hope that
a passports will open up trade and
travel between African countries so what
exactly is an e Passport
well an e passport also called a
biometric or digital passport is
embedded with a chip on that chip is all
the information on a passports personal
data page like the card holders name
physical appearance and date of birth
some include other biometric data like
one's photograph fingerprint and even
their iris pattern having this
information digitized rather than just
printed is designed to prevent identity
fraud and protect the privacy of the
traveler although many countries are
just now rolling out the passports
they've actually been around for almost
two decades in fact the first a passport
was introduced by Malaysia in 1998 as a
local company was the first to develop
the technology interestingly biometric
data is also embedded on all of
Malaysia's ID cards after the rollout
proved successful more and more
countries adopted the technology and
today most of the world plans to or has
already introduced B passports the u.s.
began rolling out new passports in 2006
and since 2007 it has issued them
exclusively their development came at
the heels of the enhanced border
security and visa entry Reform Act or
simply border security Act which
required all US entry ports to be
equipped with biometric scanners and all
visa-free travelers to have the
passports this law was passed in 2002
amid concerns for national security in
light of the September 11th attacks in
the African Union the pivot towards a
passports is less about security and
more about unification in 2015 Africa's
internal trade was just 11% the lowest
in the world Europe by comparison saw
internal trade at more than 60 percent
proponents of the e passport argue that
it will ease travel between African
countries thus breaking down barriers on
free movement of labour and trade and
strengthening some of the region's
particularly vulnerable economies but
globalization may come at a cost as
critics argue that passports have the
potential to infringe on one's personal
privacy and other civil liberties
shortly after the u.s. announced their a
passport rollout the AC
you published a formal opposition they
argued that the non encrypted data on
the chip leaves one's personal
information vulnerable to third parties
thus opening the door to identity fraud
others have argued that the idea of
making one's bodily characteristics
machine readable is problematic in
itself as it leaves a huge margin for
error for example at a British Airport
in 2011 a couple who had mistakenly
switched passports still made it through
security and facial recognition scanners
what's more an investigation of
Britain's airports a year earlier
revealed that biometric scanners had
cleared five people on watch lists as
well as a man using his sister's
passport thus a passports have been
thrust into the larger debate over the
importance of personal privacy versus
national security and although they're
quickly becoming the international norm
their implementation is still a process
of trial and error ie passports aside
not every country is okay with you
having multiple passports also called
dual citizenship learn more about where
in the world dual citizenship is banned
and why some countries aren't
comfortable with the idea by watching
this video technically a person can have
as many citizenship as they can legally
maneuver someone can be born in one
country to parents from another country
marry someone in a third country
establish residency in a fourth country
while buying citizenship in a fifth
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
