the 2016 presidential election has been
one of the most contentious in US
history with many calling out both
candidates for not representing their
party's core values former candidate Ted
Cruz has called Donald Trump a quote
politically correct New York liberal for
his past and current views so we wanted
to know just how liberal is Donald Trump
well one of the big reasons Trump has
received criticisms for his political
stances is that they're extremely
inconsistent as a populist candidate
Trump tends to say what he believes
people want to hear which sometimes runs
contrary to the Republican platform
Trump has not only held liberal ideas he
was once actually a registered Democrat
from 2001 to 2009 and even as recently
as 2011 Trump changed his party
preference to unaffiliated before
changing it back to Republican in 2012
the same year he registered his slogan
make America great again but he wasn't
just a Democrat in name only Trump also
supported and openly donated to
Democrats as of 2011 he gave more than
half a million dollars to New York state
campaigns with over two-thirds of those
donations going to Democrats but his
most notable contributions have been to
his current opponent Hillary Clinton
according to federal disclosure records
he and his son donated to Clinton four
times between 2002 and 2007 as well as
giving the Clinton Foundation at least
$100,000 bill and Hillary Clinton even
attended Trump's 2005 weddings with
Hillary reportedly sitting front row but
even despite Trump's close ties with
Democrats does that mean he supports
liberal ideas well some of them when
asked about health care in a 1999
interview he openly supported universal
health care and although he has called
Obamacare a disaster in a 2015 60
minutes interview Trump said that under
him the government would pay to take
care of everybody in regards to health
care which is the basic definition of
universal health care rather uniquely
among Republicans Trump is also vocally
supportive of LGBT and transgender
rights referencing the North Carolina
transgender bathroom controversy Trump
commented that individuals should use
the bathroom they feel as appropriate
Trump has even supported amending the
1964 Civil Rights Act to include
protections against discrimination based
on sexual orientation
in fact the Log Cabin Republicans a
leading conservative LGBT rights group
called him the most gay friendly
Republican nominee for president ever
but as a relative newcomer to politics
especially compared Hillary Clinton
Trump has rarely been held to account
for his political views allowing him to
shift his opinion depending on the
political climate without a voting
record it's hard to say whether he'll
continue his support for liberal
positions on topics like health care and
LGBT rights but regardless of the
far-right image surrounding Trump he may
be more liberal than anyone expected but
nonetheless Trump has also been
regularly accused of holding extreme
right-wing views with some even calling
him a fascist but what exactly is a
fascist and does Donald Trump fit the
bill
it's then unsurprising that even Trump's
slogan make America great again
plays in line with traditionalism and
his fear of things like the Internet
speaks to the fascist fear of modern
depravity thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
