in June 2016 the United Kingdom voted to
leave the European Union in a
controversial referendum known as brexit
many Brits who supported brexit argued
that the UK would be better off if it
adopted the Norwegian model that is
remaining outside the EU while reaping
some of the organization's economic
benefits but how well is this model
working for the country just how
powerful is Norway well at nearly
150,000 square miles or a bit larger
than the US state of Montana Norway is
the second biggest Scandinavian country
but with a population of about 5 million
the country has the lowest population
density in all of continental Europe
still those who do live in Norway tend
to be fairly well-off the country has
the third highest per-capita GDP in
Europe and the fourth highest in the
world this is partially due to Norway
being the largest per capita producer of
oil outside the Middle East accounting
for roughly a quarter of the country's
nearly four hundred billion dollar GDP
while the global slump in gas prices has
taken a huge toll on other oil-dependent
economies like Brazil and Venezuela
Norway has been less affected this is
because over the years the country has
stored much of its public money in its
sovereign wealth fund which is like an
investment account for countries and
Norway's is reportedly the largest in
the world
Norway's economy also benefits from the
country's unique arrangement with the EU
the so called Norwegian model means that
although Norway is not an official
member it has full access to the bloc's
internal market and it can trade most
goods with member states duty-free
what's more it's not limited by the EU
strict internal trade policy and thus
has the freedom to negotiate free-trade
agreements with countries outside the
organisation however when it comes to
Norway's defence existing outside the EU
does have certain disadvantages Norway
has little say in EU policies regarding
regional security which is problematic
when dealing with Russia over their
shared border still Norway does benefit
from its membership in NATO which is
crucial as the country is relatively
weak on its own its military encompasses
just 70,000 personnel and a 7 billion
dollar defense budget historically
Norway has built up its military through
mandatory conscription however since the
end of the Cold War the country has
relaxed its drafting policies and in
general those who don't wish to serve
are not forced to that said
option is still an official civic
responsibility and in 2013
Norway became the first NATO and
European country to expand this duty to
women as well as men as an economically
stable and NATO protected country Norway
is doing well but like other
Scandinavian countries Norway is
struggling to control an influx of
migrants integrate ethnic minorities and
navigate an aging population all while
maintaining its robust social safety net
and economic competitiveness if many
Brits had considered these and Norway's
other domestic issues perhaps they would
have thought twice before choosing to go
it alone the kingdom of Norway is also
home to the small bard Seed Vault one of
the largest collections of seeds in the
world and trace over on dnews got to see
the inside of it you can learn more
about the Doomsday vault by watching
this video here by digging a 130 meter
tunnel deep into the mountain the vault
is underneath that permafrost meaning
they only had to cool it the remaining
12 Celsius at that temperature the
860,000 varieties currently in the vault
can be held for decades thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
