rapid technological development since
the first human entered space in 1961
suggests that it won't be long before
space tourism is easy and affordable but
how long will it take until everyone can
vacation in space while although the
term sounds incredibly futuristic there
have actually already been seven
official space tourists meaning they
were paying customers and not government
employees or scientists
but despite companies like Virgin
Galactic space X and Mir core which have
attempted to build their own space
travel infrastructure actual tourism is
localized and extremely rare all seven
tourists were flown by the company's
space adventures in collaboration with
the Russian space agency from the first
official flight in 2001 to the latest in
2009 a Russian Soyuz craft has
transported customers to the
International Space Station during
routine missions what few extra seats
were available could be sold to tourists
each of these trips lasted around 10
days and the cost varied between 20 and
40 million dollars per person but in
2010 the Russian space agency eliminated
extra seats on future missions after the
u.s. ended its shuttle program
forcing space tourists to find a new way
into outer space early space tourism was
part of a 1980s effort by NASA to
include private citizens like teachers
journalists and artists but the first
such Space Flight participant was
teacher Christa McAuliffe on the
Challenger shuttle after that spacecraft
exploded in flight in 1986 killing
McAuliffe and everyone else on board
NASA canceled the program the next
attempt came in 1990 from the Soviet
Union just one year before its collapse
in an effort to raise money for its
failing space program the space agency
agreed to fly a Japanese reporter to its
MIR space station for between 12 and 37
million dollars according to varying
sources since the fee was paid in part
by the Tokyo Broadcasting System it
wasn't technically considered tourism
the first official space tourists Dennis
Tito was also scheduled to go to the MIR
Space Station but Mir was soon
decommissioned and fell back into the
atmosphere burning up on descent so in
2001 Tito was instead flown to the
International Space Station for a report
in 20 million dollars today despite its
rarity space tourism actually has
official guidelines from the US
government which includes specific
background checks to make sure the
participant is not a terrorist if you're
on the no-fly list
that means into outer space too however
private spaceflight is a gray area laws
passed since the 1980s including the
1998 commercial space act and the 2004
commercial space launch amendments
encourage private investment and even
require that NASA used private launch
sites whenever available with so much
money and regulation being pumped into
space tourism it's only a matter of time
before a reliable and repeatable system
is put in place there are still a lot of
angles to figure out and a lot of
paperwork to file but for commercial
space tourism the sky's the limit well
kind of one of the biggest hurdles in
space tourism hasn't been the cost or
the technology but rather acquiring an
FAA pilot's license that lets them go
into space bureaucracy and regulations
are major parts of space flight so what
exactly are the rules about who owns
space or the moon find out in this video
the Outer Space Treaty prohibits any
country owning any celestial body or
portion of space calling it a common
heritage of mankind that said man-made
objects launched into space and onto for
example the moon are still allowed to be
owned so something like a hotel on the
moon could technically be property of
whoever owned that hotel though it's
still a matter of legal interplanetary
debate thanks for watching seeker daily
please don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
you
