after five years of civil war
Syria is a shadow of the country it once
was
forces loyal to President Bashar
al-assad ceaselessly battled the rebel
groups trying to topple his regime and
then of course there's the other war the
one being fought to keep Isis from
seizing control of the vulnerable nation
Aleppo Syria's largest city and economic
capital lies at the center of these
conflicts though thousands have fled the
city there are many who have stayed
behind so what is life like for those
who remain here before war broke out in
2012 Aleppo was a bustling city home to
around 2 million people today thousands
have left and the city itself is divided
assad has control of the West while
opposition forces rule the East
including the historic center of the
city known as the old city of Aleppo
this UNESCO World Heritage Site once
boasted mosques Suk's and minarets that
dated back to the 12th century today
however these sites are barely
recognizable
hello hola hola
that voice you just heard belongs to
this man for us a bow husana he's a
soldier that fights for job Hut al
shamea one of the factions of the
opposition and yes that noise you just
heard was the sound of a shell exploding
nearby in the last four years the people
of Aleppo have heard this noise all too
frequently both opposition forces and
the government have shelled the city and
in late 2015
Russia got involved in support of
Assad's regime their eye strikes on
Aleppo employed internationally banned
cluster bombs to inflict a huge amount
of damage however it is the Syrian
government's use of barrel bombs that
have reportedly caused the most
destruction in Aleppo these crude
explosives have targeted areas where
civilians gather like hospitals schools
and mosques to devastating effect
Allah Allah demon sue Sheridan with a
memorial for what
Nizam built milania's can can reveal the
a man left us a few caribou hide Geralyn
Geralyn colorful Medeiros Masjid
Kannamma Sally Field Yemen possible we
had gentler help her gentle with the
first Earl of Harewood on heavy
though there have been some efforts to
maintain un-brokered ceasefires they've
been short-lived so living here in
aleppo means living with the ever
constant fear that in an instant you
could lose everything that an exit or
listen listen sit sit sit sit sit sit an
exit that enigma who did this is
Rashidah Adri another opposition soldier
who lives in aleppo old city with his
wife and five children prior to the
outbreak of war Rashid was a shoe
salesman then during a government strike
he was stripped of both his livelihood
and his home with no steady source of
income like many others who remained in
Aleppo Rashid had no financial means of
escaping Syria Tilly Kennedy be shaken
and that Dula million young a fee for
our family in the cemetery even that
marine I feel fear she thought Marie
Osmond in Schwab on a lake level of
autonomy nirahara Turkey come on
Istanbul
sir wattle makhni a duly banu hilal also
the blood or abolish maybe if he year
nasty ani Venus dolly tune mahogany
Nelson and if he FEMA care no limit of a
dick move
Etha oh joy the church women might maybe
in Holland
my children Oh Murphy Oh name 200ms on
Heather I might already and he said what
the Lanterman is on me about my ugly
I mean Monte Oh shake it out movie
shadow cause shake it out since the war
began water and electricity have been
frequently cut off in
opposition-controlled parts of the city
the government has also cut off all but
one supply route into the area meaning
that basic necessities like food bottled
water and medical supplies have become
almost impossible for families like
Rasheed's to obtain but these aren't the
only fears and concerns that Rashid has
for his family like many parents in his
position he's worried that the war has
already damaged his children's prospect
for any kind of future initiative to do
you - I'm never tired - oh I imagine you
are necessary for a variety of other I'm
addressee stolen honesty's
reestablishing education in Syrian
cities like Aleppo to say nothing of
basic necessities is a huge concern
someday the war here will end and it
will be up to those left behind to try
and rebuild right now however it seems
that the generation tasked with this
effort will be ill-equipped to restore
this historic and once great city right
now ending the war seems impossible
Syria is facing an almost complete
economic and political meltdown leaving
some to wonder whether the country is on
the verge of becoming a failed state
check out this video on what defines a
failed state and whether or not Syria
really is on its way to becoming one as
always thanks for watching and don't
forget to subscribe
you
