since the Occupy Wall Street movement of
2011 gained national interest Wall
Street has taken center stage on the
political radar in particular candidates
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton have
rallied against Wall Street's
disproportionate influence in the US and
on the global economy so just how
powerful is Wall Street well in common
use
Wall Street refers to the American
banking industry the term is used
because Wall Street in New York City is
the location of significant financial
markets including the Nasdaq and the New
York Stock Exchange these two markets
are the largest exchanges in the world
and facilitate the trade of more than 27
trillion dollars of company stock
changes in the global economy are
directly reflected in the performance of
these stock markets and vice versa but
stock market capitalization isn't
necessarily a measurement of power as
that money is actually held by investors
and not specifically by Wall Street by
comparison US financial institutions
hold roughly 15 trillion dollars in
assets half of which is controlled by
just five banks that's almost the United
States entire yearly GDP the largest in
the world so what does Wall Street do
with that money well a significant
portion of it goes toward swaying
political policy a 2009 study by the
Center for Economic and Policy Research
found that banking deregulation in the
United States was heavily pushed by
banks themselves by way of financial
lobbyists deregulation in the 1970s and
1980s was based on the idea that
removing government oversight of the
financial system would allow it to
flourish and Wall Street's profits would
trickle down to Main Street in fact what
ended up happening was that financial
deregulation allowed banks and lenders
to take on riskier loans as well as to
bet on the stock market using customer
money this all came to a head during the
late-2000s financial crisis where it
came out that poorly regulated banks
were offering massive mortgages to
people who are unable to pay them so
when the housing market finally
collapsed him the weight of these bad
loans it took down the world's financial
markets as well in short Wall Street's
practices contributed to the downturn in
the global economy that's pretty
powerful but what's even more powerful
is what happened next
instead of letting the affected
financial institutions fail under the
weight of their bad loans they were
bailed out with public money the Federal
Reserve committed roughly sixteen
trillion dollars to the bailout which
was led by Henry Paulson the secretary
of the Treasury Paulson was also the
former CEO of Goldman Sachs which
received nearly thirteen billion dollars
as part of the bailout clearly Wall
Street has a huge amount of money a huge
amount of influence and even former CEOs
in government positions so when
candidates like Bernie Sanders promise
to take down Wall Street it may sound
like a good idea but it's probably
harder than you think
so why exactly does Bernie Sanders want
to take down big banks and what's so bad
about them anyway learn more about the
problem with banks being too big to fail
in this video the first major bailout of
AIG too big to fail bank was in 1984
when the Reagan administration gave two
billion dollars to the United States is
a largest bank continental Illinois it
came close to failing after buying loans
that weren't worth as much as originally
thought this was not unlike the 2008
mortgage crisis where home loans were
misrepresented as being stronger than
they actually were thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
