this is a story about people who stand
to lose everything people who may need
to flee their native home and never come
back these people are refugees but
they're not running from war or an
oppressive government they're seeking
asylum from climate change my project is
called warm waters and it's about people
living in the front line of the climate
change that's applied soakin his project
aims to document the effects of climate
change on nations bordering the Pacific
Ocean so far Vlad has focused on some of
the most affected the island nations of
Oceania I have seen villages completely
destroyed by strong winds and huge storm
surges people have lost their lives and
communities have been displaced from
places where their families have lived
for generations
Tuvalu the fourth smallest nation on
earth is struggling to cope with the
consequences of climate change located
about halfway between Australia and
Hawaii to Baloo's nine low-lying islands
cover just 26 square kilometres with a
population of just under 11,000 here
rising sea levels and increasingly
violent storms have already decimated
the two balloons way of life due to the
limited space people use the airport
runway to exercise play games and even
sleep when it's too hot to stay in the
house rising sea levels are shrinking
this already tiny hotel and during king
tides even the runaway subject to
flooding it is predicted by the climate
change scientists that this country
might become uninhabitable
future land loss isn't the only problem
facing oceanic nations like to balloon
the rising sea levels are cutting off
access to surface water right now around
three million people in the region are
affected and the overall situation is so
dire that around a fifth of Tuvalu's
population has already left to seek
refuge in larger islands these people
may be the world's first climate change
refugees but Vlad predicts there will be
many more from Pacific all the way to
northern Alaska many communities have
already moved to new locations another
preparing to relocate relocating may be
the only option for climate change
refugees but some have already found
that adjusting to life in their adopted
home could prove to be difficult the
island nation of kiri baths for example
is facing the threat of rising sea
levels
they government bought some land in Fiji
recently where its resident will be
relocated in the event sea levels rise
to the point that it drowns this Pacific
island nation however if they move to
Fiji
I carry bus people will have no rights
as the same as Fijian citizens they
won't be able to vote they will always
be seen as immigrants and they are at
high risk of losing their national
identity
it is easy to dismiss the consequences
of rising sea-levels to believe that
it's a problem limited to these small
and distant island nations but sea level
projections show that in just under a
century 414 US cities will be facing the
same problems as Tuvalu and Kiribati to
say nothing of the rest of the world
some climate scientists predict that by
the end of the century places like Miami
Amsterdam humble coal is burned could be
affected by rising sea levels too if
this becomes reality it won't only
impact these areas environmentally but
culturally and politically as well the
struggle for resources land food and
fresh water may cause local and global
conflicts it's clear that is the
greatest issue that we will be facing
soon
you
