the devastating avalanches on Mount
Everest in 2014 and 2015
highlighted some long-standing problems
for the climbing industry there
particularly for local Sherpa guides
where issues like overcrowding safety
meager wages and insurance are of
immense concern these problems have left
many wondering why the Nepal government
hasn't done more to support the Sherpa
guides who risk their lives so that
foreign climbers can attempt Everest the
desire to conquer Everest has been on
the rise ever since Sherpa Tenzing
Norgay and new zealand air edmund
hillary first summited the peak in 1953
for decades climbing the world's tallest
mountain remained the reserve for
hardened explorers but in the 1990s
advances in technology made summiting
the mountain an attainable dream it is
until you get down off the mountain that
really strikes you and then all of a
sudden it hits you that you've just
lived your dream or you've accomplished
one of the greatest accomplishments that
you can get that's Robert Hoffman he's a
former Everest expedition leader from
California who summited twice and like
so many who have made the climb he
relied on the invaluable support of
local guides to reach the peak most
guides like Tenzing Norgay hail from the
Sherpa community a small ethnic group
who reside at high altitudes across
Nepal India and Tibet the
commercialization of Everest has
encouraged many from the community to
become guides
despite the perilous nature of the work
the job requires guides to make multiple
trips up and down the mountain carrying
heavy loads for climbers and in doing so
they risk frostbite avalanches and
sometimes death on average guides
typically earn up to $8,000 in the
three-month climbing season that's more
than ten times the average Nepali salary
but many argue that this wage is not a
fair one especially given the dangers
the business of climbing Everest can be
very lucrative for tool companies and
the Nepal government on average the cost
to climb Everest is around $50,000 with
six hundred people attempting each year
together with revenue generated from
other mountains in the Himalayas and
related tourism it's estimated that the
climbing industry in Nepal is worth
three hundred and sixty million dollars
per year that's about two percent of the
nation's GDP which is why some would
reason there is such a huge problem with
overcrowding the amount of people today
takes a lot away from the experience of
Everest because it was a huge mountain
but there is a finite limit to how many
people you can put there at any given
time and unfortunately the Nepalese
government is very greedy they don't
want to see any reduction in the numbers
of people climbing the mountain because
of the money that they're making the
pressure that crowds put on local guides
is just one of the ways that Everest
climbing industry has negatively
impacted the Sherpa community Nobu
Tenzing is the son of Everest pioneer
Tenzing Norgay and he's also the vice
president of the American Himalayan
foundation it's an organization that is
helping the Sherpa community challenge
poor working conditions something he
feels his father would have felt
strongly about the mountain Istanbul
managed by the Nepalese government no I
think he would have a lot to say about
the imbalance in the issues with risk
and inequity that people suffer on the
mountain and the Sherpa community is
beginning to find their voice in 2014
they issued a list of demands for the
Nepal government to change the way
Everest is run according to jungbu
Sherpa a retired guide who summited the
Mount
in five times over 15 years this goes
far beyond crowd control
I wanted to see continued provide the
safety tools improving the communication
and providing the pervert
wages if there's a any tragedy to cure
on the mountains while they're doing
guiding make sure that family is
protected by the companies but by the
government's janggu is referring to a
push to increase life insurance payouts
for guides killed on Everest this is one
of the demands the Nepal government has
met increasing the amount from $10,000
to $15,000 in 2014 however Norbu
stresses this still doesn't stretch very
far in fact today the payout is actually
worth less than it once was sort
breadwinner is usually the father or the
husband so when that person dies it's a
massive loss now when you compare that
level of insurance with what Sherpas
hats and 3040 years ago that insurance
covered them enough so that the widow
could build a tea house the kids could
go to school they could build a home the
insurance these days barely covers the
cost of the funeral the Nepal government
has also met some of the other demands
made by the Sherpa guides like banning
inexperienced climbers from Everest and
changing routes up the mountain to ones
that are less prone to avalanches
for now though many within the Sherpa
community still don't feel that the
risks outweigh the benefits being on an
expedition on Everest is a very good way
of earning a significant amount of
income in a very short period of time
but obviously it comes at very huge huge
risks this question is is it worth it
want to know more about the plight of
Sherpa guides on Everest then tune into
the premiere of Sherpa airing Saturday
April 23rd at 9 8 central as part of
elevation weekend on discovery as always
thanks for watching and don't forget to
subscribe
