in March 2016 North Korea called upon
its citizens to prepare for another
arduous March a reference to the
country's devastating famine in the
1990s North Korea's food shortage is so
dire that the government launched a 70
day loyalty campaign requiring farmers
to donate crops to the military and
citizens of Pyongyang to provide more
than two pounds of rice to the state
every month so how did North Korea get
to this point malnutrition is nothing
new for North Korea the country has a
long history of food shortages after the
famine of the 1990s North Korea relied
on international donors like China in
the United States for about 80 percent
of its food supply but throughout the
2000s its donors steadily cut them off
in response to the country's persistent
human rights abuses and growing nuclear
program by 2013 at the country's food
aid had dropped almost twenty fold the
United Nations reported in 2015 that 70
percent of North Koreans are food
insecure and more than a quarter of
children under five are chronically
malnourished North Korea's current
plight is largely a result of its severe
drought which the government calls its
worst in the century in 2014 rainfall
hit a 30-year low and roughly 30 percent
of the country's primary crop has dried
up in the past North Korea has dealt
with the country's periodic floods and
droughts with proactive farming
techniques but the severity of this
drought has outweighed even their most
efficient methods even privately-owned
markets which were once a primary source
of food for city dwellers have been
strictly curbed under supreme leader Kim
jong-un this is under the backdrop of
North Korea's severe inequality and
corrupt government which experts say has
filled many of the country's otherwise
avoidable food shortages North Korea's
social system calls someone assigned
citizens one of three designated social
classes based solely on their family
history a person sanguine determines
where they work live and even how much
food they receive from the state
accordingly those with the lowest song
loans
for the most from food shortages it's
estimated that more than three million
North Koreans died during the 1990s
famine many of whom belonged to the
lowest societal sector what's more the
North Korean government has reportedly
prioritized its military and nuclear
program versus feeding its hungry
population according to the UN the
strategy has persisted even during
periods of mass starvation North Korea's
allies and other world leaders have
responded to the country's massive
military spending with economic
sanctions which are reportedly the
toughest in two decades these prohibit
un members from purchasing North Korea's
two largest exports coal and iron but as
history shows that government is
hesitant to help its own people instead
as famine looms the state has asked its
citizens to quote chew the roots of
plants once again millions in North
Korea are starving with almost no
resources to turn to watch my other
video on dnews to learn more about the
effects of starvation on the body the
lack of experimental data on the subject
is largely due to the fact that it is
unethical to conduct a study that
requires participants to go without food
and that its effects depend on many
factors such as the weight of the person
before they began to starve their
genetic makeup their health and whether
their drinking water thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
