oil prices continue to fall to around
$40 a barrel many oil dependent nations
are seeing their main source of profit
drying up one particularly frightening
report from the International Monetary
Fund stated that most Middle Eastern
countries could run out of money in just
five years
but the oil-rich Middle East has spent
significant wealth on trying to find new
sources of income once the petroleum
economy becomes unprofitable some
countries have already begun to shift
their economies away from oil production
so can the Middle East survive without
oil well the majority of the Middle
East's oil comes from just six countries
Iran Iraq Kuwait Qatar Saudi Arabia and
the United Arab Emirates produce more
than 25 million barrels a day
but despite the region's oil heavy focus
the country of Bahrain has already
become the Middle East's Firstpost oil
economy Bahrain stands as a model for
other countries as they've never had
much oil to boost the economy there is
instead an emphasis on banking tourism
manufacturing and construction in fact
Bahrain is the main financial center for
all the surrounding oil money and their
success is partially due to a unique
niche Islamic banking Islamic banking is
simply banking that follows Sharia law
and for many religious people in the
Middle East it is a necessity in
particular it prevents Ussery or the
charging of excessive interests for
loans which is prohibited in the Quran
it also does not allow investment and
things like pork alcohol or tobacco as
those are prohibited the demand for this
sort of specific care has led to
significant financial growth for Bahrain
and other countries like the United Arab
Emirates Saudi Arabia which still sees
around three-quarters of their revenue
from oil has begun to diversify their
output and works to export minerals like
aluminum and gold to eventually replace
oil additionally many Middle Eastern
powers are investing in alternative
energies Saudi Arabia is already setting
itself up to provide solar and nuclear
power to the entire Gulf Coast and while
all these countries are looking for
lucrative income replacement the richest
of the rich are actually investing in
other countries Qatar which has the
highest GDP per capita in the world
recently promised to invest 15 billion
dollars in Asia with about 200 million
dollars worth of property purchases in
India
but since the Middle East has spent much
of the 20th century raking in oil wealth
there is considerable worry about the
future for the use as extremely high
paying oil jobs transition into a more
transit financial and service industry
many fear that oil funded government
programs will end
Saudi Arabia provides free education and
health care with no taxation so even if
those rich countries are able to
jump-start alternative revenue sources
young residents will likely have less
job security fewer social benefits and
they'll have to work much harder than
the current generation and before a post
oil economy arrives there's no guarantee
that Saudi Arabia will have enough
reserves to make it there if you want to
learn more about the potential for Saudi
bankruptcy as a result of cheap oil
watch this video up top or to find out
who exactly controls the world oil and
why check out this video below thanks
for watching test-tube news everyone
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos from us every day
