a march 2016 editorial in one of China's
state-owned newspapers use the rise of
Donald Trump in America as an example of
the inherent failures in democracy much
of the American media seems obsessed
about Trump's run for the White House
and the rest of the world is also
keeping a close eye on the coverage of
the 2016 presidential election so just
how does the world view Donald Trump
while for many non Americans Trump
embodies a popular stereotype of United
States as viewed from abroad many
believe he personifies qualities like
vulgarity ignorance superficiality
materialism and narcissism according to
a Politico interview with a sociologist
Trump is essentially a candidate that
people love to hate who makes other
countries feel good about not being
American in fact he seems to be so
widely reviled that half a million
residents of the United Kingdom signed a
petition attempting to ban him from
their country even Harry Potter author
JK Rowling compared Trump to Lord
Voldemort in a tweet the candidate is
also frequently compared with unpopular
regional far-right politicians for
example Francis jean-marie Le Pen or
Italy Silvio Berlusconi the former
National Front leader lepen actually
endorsed Trump who shares nationalistic
views against immigration at the same
time despite earning the ire of most
world leaders Russian President Vladimir
Putin has said of the candidate that he
is quote a brilliant and talented person
and that he's the absolute leader in the
presidential race and while many
Europeans are terrified of a trump
presidency many people in Latin America
are furious early in his campaign Trump
described Mexicans as being rapists and
criminals Mexican officials responded
calling the comments profoundly ignorant
and social media in the country
ridiculed him as attention-seeking in
some countries Trump has even used as an
insult when the Venezuelan president
moved to close the country's borders he
was ridiculed as being too Trump like
with internet memes showing the
president with trump's trademark
hairstyle but although Europeans are
frightful and Latin Americans are
insulted for how
the most worrisome aspect of Trump's
perception abroad is in the Middle East
one security expert at the Center for
Strategic and International Studies told
Newsweek that Trump's statements work to
validate groups like Isis and al-qaeda
by painting the US as anti-muslim Trump
creates a black and white us-versus-them
narrative that appeals directly to
potential terror recruits as
controversial as Trump statements are he
is still receiving support in the US as
shown by his success in the primary
elections and with just a few months
until the general election Trump's
popularity has many worried about the
effects of a trump presidency but across
the board one thing seems clear with the
exception of far-right European groups
and a rowing proportion of the American
public the rest of the world does not
seem particularly excited to see Donald
Trump in the White House and while some
may be using Trump to challenge the idea
of democracy there's more at play than
meets the eye check out this video up
top by our friends at China uncensored
to get an up-close look at how China
views Trump and you can watch our video
below about the GOP s attempt to stop
Trump's candidacy thanks for watching
make sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
