in early 2016 Apple released a letter to
its customers detailing that they would
not comply with a request by the United
States government to create a security
backdoor for the iPhone Apple CEO Tim
Cook argued that such a tool would
undermine privacy and could be exploited
by hackers on the other hand the FBI
says that it needs a security backdoor
to acts as the San Bernardino terrorists
phone which is an argument implicitly
tied to national security this battle is
an example of a long-standing debate
between the values of safety versus
privacy so is increased national
security worth the privacy cost
technically some form of privacy is
referenced in the US Constitution the
Fourth Amendment protects citizens from
unreasonable searches but what is and
isn't considered reasonable has come
under fire in many cases attempts at
increasing security come at the loss of
certain civil liberties body scanners
and airports trade the privacy of
someone else senior body for the
knowledge that fellow passengers too are
being screened and are unlikely to be
carrying something dangerous
similarly the predominant argument for
the NSA's mass surveillance has been
that it has kept Americans safe and that
those who have nothing to hide should
have nothing to fear in the age of the
Internet this debate has reached new
heights as people keep massive amounts
of personal information online and on
their electronics increasing their
vulnerability to outside access
nonetheless in late 2015 a Pew poll
found that more than half of Americans
thought these anti-terror policies had
not gone far enough
this is compared to 20 percent who
thought the policies had gone too far in
restricting civil liberties so if a
majority of Americans want to extend
these policies do they actually work in
theory yes trading a small amount of
privacy for security can be effective a
metal detector takes away your privacy
to conceal metal objects but the
trade-off is that it Ward's others from
having guns bombs and knives in practice
however privacy concessions like this
don't always have an obvious benefit for
example the Transportation Security
Administration has gotten a lot of
attention for implementing body scanners
physical pat-downs and unlockable
luggage yet the US has Inspector General
testified in 2015 that the TSA was
riddled with major security failures in
some cases missing entire layers of
security altogether during internal
testing guns and bombs easily slipped
through the system suggesting that it
would not be very difficult for a
terrorist to do the same despite the
loss of privacy the security received in
turn has shown to be woefully
ineffective on top of that security
measures themselves can be exploited
further lessening our privacy and
security
removing encryption or allowing
unauthorized access into electronics has
already had unintended consequences
the 1994 communications assistance for
Law Enforcement Act forced telephone
companies to build wiretapping
capabilities into their equipment for
law enforcement use but in 2005 it was
discovered that hackers had been using
those wiretapping capabilities for more
than a year to spy on the Greek
government Greece had been using
American manufactured phone systems
which were made vulnerable by the 1994
Act when addressing Apple's concerns
it's clear that historically national
security measures have often undermined
privacy and even led to exploitation
themselves so the question of whether
safety from terrorism is worth giving up
certain civil liberties remains
incredibly contentious to do more
episodes like this we rely on our
sponsors this episode is brought to you
by Squarespace they'll help you build a
website even if you've never done it
before when you sign up for a year
they'll give you a domain name for free
and if you type in test-tube at checkout
you'll get an extra 10% off Squarespace
you should Apple is one of the biggest
companies in the world and by opposing
the FBI they're showing just how much
influence they've got so how powerful is
Apple check out this video to find out
Apple is the world's most valuable
publicly traded company in February 2015
it rose to be the first US company worth
more than 700 billion dollars about the
same as the GDP of Saudi Arabia since
1976 Apple has manufactured and sold
personal computers but they're now
better known for consumer electronics
including phones tablets mp3 players and
smartwatches thanks for watching
test-tube news don't
- like and subscribe for new videos
every day
