in early 2016 Canada's new foreign
minister pledged to strengthen ties with
Russia less than two years after Canada
cut ties over the annexation of Crimea
so where did Canada and Russia stand
are they really allies well Canada and
Russia are the two largest countries in
the world they are separated by roughly
750 miles covering the u.s. state of
Alaska and the Bering Strait as was
noted in their 65th anniversary of
diplomatic relations the two countries
share cold winters vast land a sense of
northern as' and a love of hockey the
two nations were originally somewhat
allied during World War two with Canada
being utilized to ship weapons and aid
to Russia but in the mid 1940s a Soviet
embassy clerk defected to Canada and
revealed the extent of Russia's spy
network this event according to some
sparked the Cold War itself and as a
result Canada actually viewed the Soviet
government as an enemy for longer than
even the United States throughout the
Cold War Canada regularly allied with
the Western bloc and NATO against the
Soviet Union however for a brief period
Canada's Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau
attempted to bridge the Cold War gap
during one visit to Moscow in the 1970s
Trudeau described the United States as
Canada's greatest cultural economic and
military threat with the collapse of the
Soviet Union in late December of 1991
Canada almost immediately entered into
an official diplomatic relationship with
the new Russian government in a final
act of opposition to the former Soviet
Union Canada was also the first Western
country to recognize the newly
independent Ukraine as the two largest
Arctic states ownership of the region's
oil and gas rights the effects of
climate change and the treatment of each
country's indigenous northern
populations has led to both cooperation
and distrust for issues like joint
Arctic search-and-rescue operations the
two have seen bilateral support they've
also worked together on the global
partnership against the spread of
weapons and materials of mass
destruction
however the explosion of Russia from the
g8 in 2014 and numerous Western
sanctions have considerably slowed
cooperation in all of these areas since
the end of the Cold War the two saw
trade increased considerably but in
recent years the balance of exports and
imports has fallen 2014 saw roughly 1.8
billion dollars in trade this was the
same year Russia banned
and other Western food imports in
retaliation for Western sanctions on the
annexation of Crimea this atmosphere of
distrust intensified during former
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper's
administration congealing that Russian
President Vladimir Putin did not belong
in the g7 because he runs an economy
that is dominated by oligarchs and
criminal syndicates so why are Russia
and Canada now seeking to strengthen
ties well the new Liberal Party is
hoping to work on resolving their
international conflict instead of
cutting out Russia entirely the new
Foreign Minister has cited America's
willingness to communicate with Russia
saying it would be irresponsible not to
do the same Russia and Canada's
relationship has long been rocky and
complicated but their proximity Arctic
interest and mutual obsession with the
United States means that they will
likely always be forced to work together
while geopolitics is tough making a
website is super easy this episode is
brought to you by Squarespace which will
help you build a website even if you
have no idea what you're doing they'll
give you a free domain and when you sign
up for a year and if you type test-tube
at checkout you'll get an extra 10% off
Squarespace you should and although
Russia and Canada may be on shaky ground
individually they are powerhouses watch
this video up top to learn about Russia
or the one at the bottom for more about
Canada thanks for watching test-tube
news don't forget to Like and subscribe
you
