on October 31st 2015 an airplane flying
from Egypt to Russia suffered an
explosion killing 224 people on board
the plas was reported by US intelligence
to be the result of a terrorist bombing
possibly by branch of Isis
investigations are currently underway
but while the use of airplanes and
terrorism has slowly been rising over
the past century it's actually
incredibly rare to get a better sense of
the risk we wanted to know how big of a
threat is air terrorism well the most
well-known case is also the primary
reason that people associate planes with
terrorism the attacks of September 11th
Saudi Arabian Islamic extremists
hijacked four airplanes crashing two of
them into the World Trade Center in New
York and one into the Pentagon in
Virginia the death toll was nearly 3,000
people these attacks brought about
increased airport security aggressive US
intervention in the Middle East and
ramped up domestic surveillance but this
was not the first act of midair
terrorism the second worst occurred in
1985 a Boeing 747 traveling from Canada
to India was blown up by a suitcase bomb
which was left checked in by a passenger
who never actually got on the plane the
attack killed 329 people on board
primarily Canadians of Indian ancestry
perhaps surprisingly the perpetrators of
the attack were thought to be Sikh
terrorists this group had been fighting
for the independence of a part of India
known as Kali Stan and as with many
similar independence fighters the Indian
government fought back this culminated
in a massacre of Sikhs at one of their
holiest temples one more famous plane
bombing occurred in 1988 where a
suitcase bomb went off on an American
plane as it flew over Scotland killing
243 people in recent years it's thought
to have been ordered by Libyan officials
even possibly by ex leader Muammar
Gaddafi as revenge for u.s. military
actions but despite the supposed
frequency of these events from 1999 to
2009 only six flights were sabotage with
terrorist intent four of them where the
planes taken on September 11th and the
other two were the foiled shoe and
underwear plotters that's six flights
out of roughly 100 million that occurred
during that same time period with other
added factors the chances of dying in an
airplane
first attack are about one in 10 million
so even if the October 2015 plane
bombing does turn out to have been
terrorism the chances of dying in such
an attack are almost zero if you're
interested in learning more about the
rise and fall of terrorism check out
test-tube plusses playlist up at the top
in the video down below find out how al
Qaeda managed to survive after
coordinating the September 11th attacks
thanks for watching make sure to
subscribe to test-tube news to watch new
videos every day
