in February 2016 the first Silk Road
train arrived in Iran after making a
nearly 6,000 mile trip taking just two
weeks this route is the start of what
many are calling the new Silk Road
modeled after ancient trade roads which
allowed the East and West to connect in
the BC era the new pathway is expected
to revolutionize China as well as other
countries along the way so what exactly
is the new Silk Road well to get a sense
of where we are today let's look at the
original Silk Road for a long period of
time there were localized kingdoms and
empires spanning the globe but the
region between China and Western Asia
and Europe is not very hospitable and
crossing it back in 200 BC would have
been incredibly dangerous as a result
while trade did occur it was much more
regional and long-distance trade routes
were rare but when the West encountered
Chinese silk demand for it outweighed
the danger the huge demand led to an
entire network of trade routes
criss-crossing Central Asia although
many other goods found their way along
this road it was named after its most
lucrative good silk most importantly for
human civilization the increased trade
led to culture sharing between the East
and the west religions philosophies and
even diseases made their way from one
region of the world to the other and
while the original Silk Road was a
political and economic explosion the New
Silk Road promises to change the face of
Asia it's being hailed as the signature
foreign policy initiative of Chinese
President Xi Jinping and could be the
largest economic undertaking since the
Marshall Plan post-world War two
in fact many are saying that the road
would be China's answer to the us's
trans-pacific partnership which
presently excludes China and Russia and
seeks to streamline global trade first
and foremost the new trade routes will
make it easier for China to trade with
former Soviet states which have seen a
sharp rise in trade since the USSR's
collapse the plan to build more roads
railways ports and other transit
infrastructure is being called the one
belt one road plan this is comprised of
two routes a land road running from East
Asia into Western Europe and a maritime
route stretching to Southeast Asia South
Asia and Africa by see along the way
these routes will pass through as many
sixty countries and regions covering
half of
world's entire GDP just the
china-pakistan corridor alone is
expected to cost 46 billion dollars and
while the total cost for the project is
unknown analysts expect the road to
bring in an additional two and a half
trillion dollars of trade to China in
the next decade this long reach across
Asia will serve to boost economic
prosperity but perhaps more importantly
give China greater control over its
neighbors some strategists in Mei Jing
have also suggested that an increase in
economic stability may undermine the
appeal of radical Islam in the region
particularly in countries like Pakistan
and Afghanistan as well as violent
autonomous states like singeing with
trade agreements like the TPP
threatening China's influence in the
global economy the new silk road is
likely China's best bet at keeping trade
supremacy as well as exerting further
control over Asia in any case China is
about to own a huge number of
infrastructure projects in a diversity
of regional countries that alone puts
them in a risky yet incredibly strong
bargaining position with the rest of the
world but that's not to say that China
is already a major world economic leader
find out more about just how powerful
China is by watching this video there's
a general consensus that China has the
largest active military in the world but
there's also a consensus that both
Russia and the US rank higher than China
as far as military strength is concerned
thanks for watching test-tube news don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
