in September 2015
Spain's Catalonia saw pro-independence
parties secure a majority in the
regional elections this is big news for
Catalonia who has demanded its full
independence from Spain for decades as
an already distinct and self-reliant
region we wanted to know just how
powerful is Catalonia
well Catalonia is an autonomous
community within Spain although there's
still technically under Spanish rule
they have their own government which
includes a president and a parliament
most importantly they have their own
cultural distinct identity and even
their own language Catalan Catalonia
makes up about 12 and a half thousand
square miles comprising roughly 6% of
Spain their population is about seven
and a half million with one in six
Spanish residents living in Catalonia
their capital Barcelona is the second
most populous city after Spain's capital
Madrid this relatively small subsection
of the country is actually one of its
most industrialized in 2012 the
autonomous region brought in 255 billion
dollars nearly 20% of Spain's total GDP
this would rank them roughly 42nd
worldwide right between Chile and
Pakistan the reason for such a strong
financial presence is that Barcelona is
a massive economic hub for the European
Union their industrial sector is
primarily based on food and beverage
chemical production bio pharmaceuticals
and medical technology the capital is
also an important tourist destination
with one in for tourists in Spain
visiting Catalonia beach resorts fine
dining and famous art by Salvador Dali
and architect Antoni gaud√≠ contribute
greatly to catalonia's popularity but
although Catalonia isn't economically
and culturally significant forced
seeking independence they do lack one of
the most important aspects of being a
sovereign nation a military because
Catalonia is still beholden to Spain any
Catalan soldiers are inherently loyal to
Spanish interests although Spain's
military only ranks about 48th worldwide
they have more than enough stopping
power to invade and dominate Catalonia
some have said that if catalonia were to
secede Spain could easily consider it
illegal and send troops into the region
to defend territorial integrity like
many other subjugated people's living
what they consider to be foreign
territory Catalonia is in a tough
position while they may have a strong
enough culture and economy to survive on
their own
Spain has a dedicated interest and
ability to prevent them from seeking
independence since a fifth of Spain's
economy is localized in Catalonia
there's little surprise that this is one
Golden Goose they're unwilling to let go
still with such a Pro independent
government it seems like only a matter
of time until those tensions are
resolved peacefully or like many other
nations Catalonia may be facing a
violent revolution for sovereignty
interested in learning more about why
Catalonia has been seeking independence
from Spain check out seeker Daily's
video Catalonia is already an autonomous
region within Spain but it's hoping to
accomplish what scotland failed to do in
2014 and become its own independent
nation but got the lan have had a
distinct culture within Spain for a long
time ever since a royal marriage in the
15th century integrated Catalonia into
Greater Spain thanks for watching
test-tube don't forget to Like and
subscribe we'll see you next time
