in August 2015
China and Russia conducted joint
military training exercises in a Display
of power and alliance just half a
century ago the two nations were at odds
and fearing nuclear war but today China
and Russia worked together in groups
like bricks and the Shanghai Cooperation
Organization so why do China and Russia
love each other well in the early 20th
century China and Russia were both in
the middle of communist revolutions
national leaders Joseph Stalin and Mao
Zedong even created similar cults of
personality surrounding their leadership
however when Stalin died in 1953 his
successor denounced his repressive
regime and created a rift between China
and the USSR in 1961 because of the
USSR's divergent ideology Mao's regime
called the new Soviet government
revisionist traitors at the peak of Cold
War tension the two almost went to war
over territorial conflicts but when the
Cold War ended in the 90s so did a de
facto alliance between the US and China
against Soviet Russia diplomatic
tensions thawed as the two countries
expanded economically they found it
mutually beneficial to pursue a
constructive partnership the success of
this new alliance led to the 2001 Treaty
of friendship and cooperation ensuring
well military cooperation the alliance
between these world's superpowers has
served to make both countries more
powerful Russia is the largest country
with the second strongest military in
the world they have more nuclear weapons
than even the United States meanwhile
China has one of the largest economies
and is the most populous nation as of
2014 after the US China and Russia spend
the most on their militaries their
alliance has flourished especially in
this 2014 when the US and Europe imposed
economic sanctions on Russia for
invading Ukraine Russians have been able
to support their economy with increased
business ties to China and China has
benefited from increased preeminence in
the Eurasian region slowly rising up to
counterbalance Western dominance
however today experts claim the
countries remain suspicious of one
another
Russia in the midst of an economic
recession wants a higher price for their
oil than China is willing to pay and
China is weary of Russia's military and
energy links to Indian Vietnam both of
whom are China's rivals also in the wake
of Russia's annexation of Crimea China
is concerned about potential border
conflicts with their northern neighbor
all in all they have quite a few minor
but potentially serious conflicts which
undermine complete trust in one another
America and Europe are watching Russia
and China's diplomatic friendship
carefully Western leaders have already
stepped up efforts to pivot to Asia and
address future competition from the east
although the US and the European Union
still lead the world the nominal GDP
figures the combined military and
economic might of China and Russia
cannot be ignored their cooperation
through billion-dollar energy deals
trade and military training drills has
the world wondering what the future
holds for the sino-russian alliance
Russia isn't China's only close ally in
the region China also supports North
Korea to find out why watch this video
19:49 they first recognized each other
diplomatically and in 1950 China helped
North Korea out militarily they share a
border that runs over 1,400 kilometers
and are frequent trade partners thanks
for watching test-tube news don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
