throughout 2015 Iran has been working
with the global community to implement
strict nuclear development standards but
although the US government is in support
of comprehensive reform Israel's Prime
Minister has said that any chance of a
nuclear-armed Iran would threaten
Israel's very existence Iranian leaders
have opposed Israel's statehood and
repeatedly threatened to annihilate the
country with tensions sky-high we wanted
to know what would happen if Israel and
Iran went to war well first and foremost
the big issue at hand is the potential
for nuclear war currently Israel is
thought to be considerably farther ahead
in nuclear proliferation than Iran
although Israel is not one of the five
countries allowed to possess nuclear
weapons they maintain what's called
nuclear ambiguity some sources estimate
that Israel has at least 80 nuclear
weapons meanwhile Iran is said to be
nearing the capability to produce their
first nuclear weapon however evidence as
to whether this is true or even possible
is the source of much debate Iran has
been sanctioned for violating nuclear
guidelines and been accused of
developing weapons-grade uranium
still no matter how far along Iran
actually is there's little doubt that
Israel's ambiguous nuclear arsenal is
considerably more powerful but outside
of nuclear war had its military stack up
well both are relatively strong ranking
within the top 25 most powerful world
militaries in terms of manpower Iran
takes a significant lead while both
countries have mandatory conscription
Iran's population is 10 times that of
Israel's so while Israel has about
800,000 available troops
Iran has closer to two and a half
million Iran is also about eight times
larger than Israel making it
considerably harder to invade however
Iran falls short in nearly every other
military category Israel is one of the
world's biggest arms producers and
develops a considerable amount of
military technology Iran lost Western
military support during the iran-iraq
war leading them to rely on Russia China
and North
riah Israel also spends roughly 17
billion dollars a year on its military
while Iran only spends about a third of
that overall there's no comparison
between the size and scope of Israel's
advanced arsenal and Iran's outdated and
outsourced military capabilities Israel
is also well known for having one of the
most highly trained defense forces in
the world but all that aside experts
point out that neither country has much
of a geographic reach into the other the
two are just too far apart for a
conventional war instead some point to
their involvement sin regional proxy
wars to assert dominance Iran and Israel
may be sworn enemies but Iran's biggest
threat comes from the United States
which has troops in neighboring
Afghanistan and Iraq thus with the u.s.
backing Israel's powerful army Iran
would have a lot of trouble winning any
kind of direct conflict one of Iran's
only direct supporters North Korea is
always on the brink of war to find out
how a war between North and South Korea
would turn out check out this video
in terms of Armed Forces South Korea has
one of the most powerful militaries in
the world with roughly three and a half
million available troops however while
South Korea has millions of highly
trained soldiers North Korea has the
advantage of being an authoritarian
military base dictatorship thanks for
tuning in to test-tube make sure to LIKE
and subscribe for new videos every day
