on the anniversary of Michael Brown's
death groups of armed men calling
themselves oathkeepers patrolled the
streets of Ferguson Missouri they claim
to have justified interest in upholding
the Constitution but many viewed their
presents as unwarranted outdated
vigilantism so what exactly are
vigilantes well in Spanish the term
vigil and that means Watchmen vigilantes
are considered the Citizen Watch keepers
of their community but without
government approval or authority
vigilantes may work alone or in groups
to deliver vigilante justice on their
own terms historically they have been
controversial figures because the
punishments they deliver to perceived
criminals can often be misdirected and
overly violent however vigilantes often
have local public support especially
when official law enforcement is corrupt
or weak in fact vigilantes are glorified
in Western culture from the legend of
Robin Hood to modern comic book
superheroes they are portrayed as
protectors of the common man but Delonte
ism also plays an integral role in
American history in the 1700s colonists
reacted to corrupt British rule and took
the law into their own hands often
protesting and terrorizing British
sympathizers later as pioneers explored
the western frontier there simply wasn't
enough law enforcement to police the
vast West so average citizens were
forced to deal with crime themselves
this form of vigilante justice was known
as frontier justice lynching was a
common tactic of vigilante mobs during
the 19th century both to punish and
deter criminals but despite a long
American history of vigilantism
there are huge drawbacks to its use
vigilante justice doled out by just one
person or an angry mob has proven to be
highly biased and subject to unjust
killings and brutal torture countless
deplorable examples of vigilantism have
occurred against african-americans in
the south victims would be summarily
executed without a trial at the hands of
races vigilante groups like the Ku Klux
Klan to guard against this kind of
misguided justice American laws
endeavored to strictly separate law
enforcement and the judicial system from
the bias of an angry vigilante mob in
the words of John Adams America is a
government of laws not
of men but vigilante justice still
remains a hot-button issue especially as
a practice adapts to the digital age
internet shaming known as digital antium
was recently responsible for exposing a
big game trophy hunter and led to death
threats against him whatever form it
takes vigilantism represents a system of
justice that is highly corruptible and
when used by the wrong people can have
devastating results growing distrust of
police force is part of the reason why
some people have become vigilantes watch
this video to find out if US police are
too militarized ten years after the war
on drugs was announced Ronald Reagan
passed a federal law allowing police to
cooperate with the military and use
their military equipment he justified
this as a necessary step in fighting the
domestic drug war with this new
cooperation police were able to access
military-grade rifles used for jungle
warfare in Vietnam thanks for watching
us on test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
