in 1911 a fire in the Triangle
Shirtwaist Factory in New York led to
almost 150 deaths because sweatshop
owners kept the doors locked
many were trapped and how to jump out of
the high story windows this incident was
the catalyst for labor law reform in the
United States but outside the u.s. labor
laws are still extremely lacs so which
countries have the worst labor laws and
what are the most dangerous jobs in the
world
well according to an expert at the
institute for global labor and human
rights today's most dangerous job is
ship breaking this is the practice of
cutting apart and dismantling huge
tanker ships and recycling the pieces
the work is difficult and deadly because
tankers are built to withstand ocean
storms and resist breaking apart often
they release hazardous materials like
asbestos and their decomposition is
toxic to laborers and the beaches they
are dismantled on according to a
watchtower Group one worker dies every
week and one is injured every day
although deaths are so common that many
go unreported the most dangerous
shipbreaking goes on in Bangladesh India
and China
additionally sweatshop labor fishing and
mining are also among the most dangerous
professions within the developing world
in fact Bangladesh India and China are
often listed as the worst countries in
the world to work in this is due to
unfair labor practices and inaccessible
worker rights labourers often must work
with carcinogenic materials and aren't
compensated for job-related health
problems sweatshop factories that supply
global companies managed to keep costs
low by ignoring safety standards and any
attempt by workers to organize unions
for better treatment can result in fines
and even prison time in countries like
Saudi Arabia and Qatar in the u.s. jobs
that deal with heavy machinery have the
highest rates of fatality specifically
Lumberjacks fishermen and pilots
the risk of being murdered while on the
job is highest for taxi drivers and
chauffeurs which is more than twice the
rate for police officers and although
there are many more labor protections
the u.s. actually ranks pretty low for
workers rights in fact the US has the
same labor rating as countries like
Mexico Argentina and Thailand this is
partially because many American
companies oppose organized labor and
worker benefits Walmart for example is
notoriously anti-union and was recently
ordered
pay almost 200 million dollars for
failing to compensate workers however
for a company like Walmart finds in
lawsuits account for only a small
percentage of their profits and often
have little effect on workers rights
reform according to the International
Labour Organization on average every day
about 6000 people die for work-related
incidents this adds up to more than 2
million deaths per year and countless
more injuries though the ILO has long
endeavored to bring standardize worker
rights to all countries worldwide so far
their efforts have not succeeded today
millions of people continue to labor in
work conditions far worse than the
average American citizen has ever seen
the world is a dangerous place for many
professions check out the video up top
from this happened here about the perils
of war photography or to see which
countries are the most dangerous for
journalists check out our video below
thanks for watching test-tube don't
forget to Like and subscribe we release
new videos daily
