in March 2016 the United States approved
a deal to sell nearly 700 million
dollars worth of smart bombs to the
Turkish government this purchase is part
of the United States's foreign military
sales program which uses the US
government as an intermediary and
facilitating arms sales to foreign
countries not only do these weapons
bring in revenue for the United States
but they are a key part of the USS
foreign policy with arms playing such an
integral role in the world's economy and
stability we wanted to know what are the
biggest countries in the global arms
trade well first of all the arms trade
refers to more than just weapons or
armaments it includes military
information vehicles and technology
alongside traditional guns bombs and
bullets most countries are unable to
produce or develop modern military
technology so there are only a handful
of countries which supply the rest of
the world according to the Stockholm
International Peace Research Institute
the global total for military
expenditures in 2014 was roughly 1.7
trillion dollars making up more than 2%
of the entire world's GDP that's nearly
two hundred and fifty dollars for every
person on earth there are nearly 900
million small arms and light weapons
estimated in circulation and almost 1
million small arms alone produced
annually this is on top of thousands of
tanks aircraft warships so who is making
all of this equipment the biggest
weapons and technology exporter in the
world by a large margin is the United
States it supplies roughly one third of
the global arms trade and in 2015 saw
nearly 50 billion dollars in foreign
military sales four of the top five
largest defense contractors in the world
are American companies with such a
massive military budget the US economy
is actually optimized to profit off of
global conflict American weapons made by
American companies bring in billions and
help to outgun anti-american interests
by supplying Allied forces the next four
largest exporters Russia Germany France
and China combined barely outspend to
the United States so where do these
weapons go and why well the single
largest purchaser of military equipment
is Saudi Arabia which spent roughly six
and a half billion dollars in 2014
though Saudi Arabia is not a
particularly large country compared to
there's in the list it does hold a
unique and potentially dangerous
position in the Middle East with nearby
Iran dwarfing the Saudis and military
sized Saudi Arabia is forced to compete
by using the latest military equipment
to primarily bought from the United
States but although the arms trade is
intended to support Allied nations that
is also how dangerous groups are able to
get their weapons for example while Iraq
is the sixth largest recipient to
foreign arms there have been many
reports that Isis members are buying or
seizing american-made weapons recent
videos show Isis using m16s manufactured
in the United States so while it may not
be the case that the arms trade keeps
everyone safe there is no question that
it makes its participants a huge amount
of money but while the arms trade takes
up a huge portion of the USS budget and
revenue few weapons or as expensive or
dangerous as nuclear weapons to find out
exactly who has them and who is
suspected of having them check out this
video as of now there are eight states
known to have nuclear weapons and they
fall into two categories countries that
have signed the treaty on the
non-proliferation of nuclear weapons or
NPT and countries that have not thanks
for watching test-tube news everyone
don't forget to Like and subscribe so
you get new videos from us about the
world every day
