a recent British inquiry into the
suspicious death of former KGB agent
Alexander Litvinenko concluded that
Russian President Vladimir Putin had
likely authorised his killing while it's
unclear whether these claims are true
the silencing of dissent is not out of
character for the former Soviet security
agency the KGB so what exactly was the
KGB and why was it so feared in its time
well the KGB or the committeth assumed
honest in light mists apostasy was the
Soviet Union's security and foreign
intelligence agency it operated from
1954 to 1991 when the Soviet Union
collapsed it was replaced by the FSK and
then the FSB in the new Russian
Federation both have served similar
security functions to the KGB during its
existence unlike other countries
security agencies the KGB was
effectively an independent government
body with little oversight by Russian
leaders the organization performed a
combination of duties including
intelligence gathering border security
and propaganda enforcement however most
controversially it operated as Russia's
secret police and domestic surveillance
unit more than half a million people
were employed by the KGB with thousands
of international spies at the time it
was the single largest institution of
its kind around the world
the KGB gathered information by using
legal resident spies which were Soviet
citizens given permission to be in other
countries by way of working in embassies
for similar international grounds they
would claim diplomatic immunity if they
were caught Russia also had illegal
spies with no immunity and although it
was riskier they were able to more
easily integrate without immediate
suspicion domestically the KGB was
feared as the country's secret police
they would seek out those suspected of
being anti-communist or anti-government
and frequently searched their homes and
arrest dissidents they established
individual departments for controlling
religious activity subversive
nationalism for an influence to an
authorized media and specifically the
Jewish population
the KGB even worked against heads of
state who threatened the stability of
Soviet ideology in 1964 former and
acting KGB officers staged what's been
considered a non-violent coup d'etat of
the Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev
replacing him with leonid brezhnev
however the next attempted coup by the
KGB was not as successful in 1991 as
Russian President Mikhail Gorbachev
began implementing reforms he was
arrested by the KGB who feared a loss of
power
although the coup failed after two days
it's been pointed to as a major
contributor to the rapid destabilization
of the Soviet Union and its collapse
that same year the KGB was a long-feared
organization and a huge source of
tension for the United States during the
Cold War although it was dissolved
alongside the Soviet Union the current
Russian President Vladimir Putin was
himself a KGB officer from 1975 to 1991
which may be why many questioned whether
the influence and methods of the KGB are
truly gone from Russian government the
death of Alexander Litvinenko was
certainly suspicious to see a timeline
of his alleged poisoning check out our
video at the top for a more in-depth
look at Russia's problems of corruption
see the video down below thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
