so you might have heard a little bit
about the mass protests taking place in
Iran these past few weeks at their peak
thousands of people were arrested and at
least 22 people were killed in violent
clashes but despite the fact that some
demonstrations are still going on
headlines about them have largely
dropped out of the news hey guys I'm
bersia
I wanted to find out more about the
impact of these protests that have
rocked Iran in December in January so I
had to go back at how it all started why
it's important and what it means for
one's place in the world
especially the Middle East the protests
started on December 28th 2017 in Mashhad
the second-largest city in Iran and they
spread quickly to the capital Tehran as
well as several other cities and rural
areas many organizers say they started
because of the skyrocketing prices of
basic goods the price of eggs for
example reportedly jumped over 40
percent now Iran ian's have been waiting
for their daily economic struggles to
get better for some time especially
after the current president Hassan
rouhani signed a deal in 2015 that
lifted economic sanctions on the country
in exchange for limiting their nuclear
capabilities one of the chief
beneficiaries of the lifting of
sanctions was actually the Supreme
Leader of Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei
how many controls what Reuters calls a
massive financial empire say Todd which
is able to resume some of its main
businesses after economic sanctions were
lifted but while the Supreme Leader and
the government of Iran may be getting
richer the people are not some 33% of
Iranians lived under the poverty line in
2017 so fast forward from 2015 with the
signing of that deal to the end of 2017
when it seems like things are getting
worse rather than better for the general
public
protestors took to the streets in over
80 cities and towns and chanted slogans
like leave Syria alone think about us
the government of Iran has provided
quite a lot of financial and military
support to the government of Syria and
their ongoing civil war but to these
demonstrators that's unnecessary support
and they prefer that the government
direct their resources internally others
took the opportunity to blast the
supreme leader and protest against
living in an Islamic Republic with
chants like death to the dictator so
what does it actually mean that Iran is
an Islamic Republic though the country
has a president he has very little power
compared to the supreme leader who makes
the final decisions on pretty much
everything in regarding government
religion culture the economy the
military and more the Iranian
Revolutionary Guard is made up of about
a hundred and fifty thousand troops all
of whom are tasked with enforcing the
rules of the Islamic Republic in this
case they cracked down very quickly on
the protesters arresting thousands of
them and leading to violent clashes that
killed almost two dozen people this
brings us to the 1979 Islamic Revolution
where the supreme leader and
Revolutionary Guard first came to power
prior to that Iran was ruled by Shahs
monarchs who came from a specific family
line it was a Thorat Aryan but
pro-western supported by the United
States and largely secular but a
combination of Islamic supporters
leftist groups dissatisfied students and
guerrilla groups came together to
overthrow the Shah in 1979 and the
Islamic Republic was born under this
system the Supreme Leader is the head of
state and in 1979 it was rucola Khomeini
a religious leader and politician who
helped lead the revolution when he died
10 years later it was Ali Khamenei who
would succeed him as the Ayatollah
how many served as president of Iran
from 1981 to 1989 before making the
switch to Supreme Leader and that brings
us back to what he's doing today banning
the teaching of English in primary
schools after these mass demonstrations
the 1979 revolution came about partially
because of anti-western sentiment
and the Islamic Republic is staying true
to its roots the supreme leader says
learning English early opens the doors
to quote unquote
cultural invasion and the government of
Iran has blamed everyone from the u.s.
to the UK to Saudi Arabia to Israel for
stoking the current protests English by
the way will still be taught in middle
and high school and Iran for now it
seems that they think anybody younger is
too young to handle foreign culture like
it's a gateway drug and this brings us
to what's next for Iran some experts
think the government is missing the
point of the protest when they blame
external forces for what's happening
inside the country Kareem said jodpur an
Iranian and a senior fellow at the
Carnegie Endowment for international
peace believes that even if the protests
die down now the resentment toward the
regime will remain and will eventually
resurfaced in the future so the Iranian
government blames foreign powers for
these protests but organizers insist
it's all coming from the Iranian people
what do you think let us know in the
comments below and don't forget to Like
and subscribe for more videos every week
from now this world
