El Salvador is one of the most dangerous
countries in the world to live in today
in recent years a homicide rate has gone
through the roof making it the deadliest
country in the world outside of an
active war zone but how did the country
get to this point hey guys I'm bersia
and today we wanted to go deep into the
history of how El Salvador became such a
dangerous place first to understand
what's going on there today let's go
back to the 19th century El Salvador has
struggled with extreme inequality
between the ruling classes and everyday
citizens for a really long time but what
was the source of this problem some say
it was coffee coffee became a major cash
crop for El Salvador in the late 1800s
it led to what some call a coffee
revolution which brought in a new stream
of cash into the country but here's the
problem
two major families controlled most of
that wealth and used it to become
politically powerful this kind of
pattern would go on throughout the 1900s
leading to the formation of the Central
American Socialist Party and an upright
Phoenix the government but in 1932 the
government brutally cracked down on this
peasant uprising killing anywhere from
ten thousand to forty thousand people
remember this because it's going to come
in handy later a man named Thoreau
bundle Martin was the leader in this
peasant uprising the massacre later
became known as la matanza and it really
established a government's military
power while all of this was happening El
Salvador was also in a land tug of war
with its neighbor Honduras Honduras is
more than five times the size of El
Salvador but the population of El
Salvador was bigger
so Salvadorans began relocating to
places like Honduras Honduras responded
by passing land reform laws that
essentially took land away from
Salvadoran immigrants and gave it to
native-born Hondurans
they also expelled many migrant workers
as if that weren't enough tensions
continued to rise when
these two countries faced off in the
1969 FIFA World Cup qualifier after the
game's violence broke out between fans
of the two countries this ultimately led
to an intense four day war in July 1969
that became known as the quote football
war the brief conflict ended in a
ceasefire but it still had a lasting
impact on El Salvador during this period
the military grew even stronger then in
the 1970s an oil crisis and even more
economic instability shook the region
causing communism to become more popular
among the public then Along Came General
Carlos Alberto Romero who represented
the Salvadoran military and the closely
associated national conciliation party a
group that was strongly opposed to
communism when Romero won the presidency
and a controversial election in 1977 it
led to mass protests against him that
were met with violence by the military
and state supported actors thousands of
people were killed by security forces
during this period that instability went
on for two years until 1979 when the
Revolutionary Government hooda deposed
president Romero and a military coup
this was the beginning of the Salvadoran
Civil War the home too quickly formed a
military dictatorship killing peaceful
demonstrators assassinating leaders who
were trying to form socialist
cooperatives among the core people in
the country and even killing Archbishop
Oscar Romero who dared to speak out
against them here's where the u.s. comes
in we're now at the height of the Cold
War and the u.s. is worried about losing
Central America to communism so
President Jimmy Carter actually
supported this brutal new military
government for the purpose of trying to
keep the country stable Carter provided
some aid but Ronald Reagan would come
along and provide even more nearly 1
billion dollars in economic aid to the
Salvadoran government and
years in 1980 several left-wing
communists and guerrilla organizations
came together to form the Farah bundu
Lamartine National Liberation Front
named after the peasant leader that we
told you about earlier the group came to
be known as the FMLN and they became the
main resistance against the unpopular
dictatorship and they fought fire with
fire launching military offensives
against the government using violence to
try and take parts of the country back
and at times they were often successful
but the civil war would rage on all
through the 1980s with the u.s.
providing support to the dictatorship of
El Salvador about 80,000 people died
during this war and more than 1 million
people were displaced a peace deal was
finally reached in 1992 after 12 years
for a civil war of that brutal obviously
has lasting effects on a country even
today but one aspect in particular is
directly linked to the violence that we
see in El Salvador now many people fled
during the civil war and some of them
ended up in Los Angeles California when
in LA they encountered gangs so some of
the children of these immigrants decided
to form their own and thus was born the
infamous ms-13 gang ms-13 quickly gained
a reputation for extreme violence drug
trafficking extortion and more they
started in LA but spread to other parts
of the United States and in the 90s and
2000's spread down to Central America
partially because of US deportations so
a gang formed in LA
born of immigrants who fled El Salvador
Civil War have brought back brutal
violence to the country and a vicious
cycle but that's not the only reason El
Salvador is dangerous today
the drug war that has raged on in Mexico
has also spread through Central America
and the lack of political stability has
bred corruption so this tiny country has
been dealing with a potent cocktail of
corruption drug war gangs
the effects of a long civil war as if
that weren't enough in 2001 the country
was devastated by earthquakes that
killed hundreds causing landslides and
mass destruction the humanitarian
disasters that followed were so bad that
the George W Bush administration offered
temporary protected status to all
Salvadorans living in the United States
which President Trump recently announced
he was ending but while parts of the
country may have recovered from the
property damage caused by the
earthquakes El Salvador very much
remains a dangerous place to live as we
saw in this video US foreign policy can
have lasting ramifications for other
countries around the world but what's
the current u.s. foreign policy check
out this video to the right that breaks
down the Trump administration's first
year of foreign policy thanks for
watching now this world and don't forget
to Like and subscribe for more videos
every week
