in September 2015 a judge ruled that the
song happy birthday does not fall under
a valid copyright although many people
are unaware for decades the song could
not be used commercially without
incurring royalties to warner/chappell
music group they claim that they own the
rights and collected an estimated two
million dollars a year off of it but how
is something so simple and universal
even considered to be owned by single
company how exactly does copyright work
well copyright is protection for
tangible expressions of an idea it's
intended to give the creator of
something original the ability to use
and make money from it without others
being able to use it themselves but
copyright law isn't a blanket ban there
are a number of limitations that do
allow for widespread use first and
foremost it's important to note a
distinction between copyright and
trademark you might see these frequently
represented by the symbols C and T M
although they generally protect the
derivatives of an idea also called
intellectual property each applies to
different types of property copyright
tends to cover literary and artistic
work for example movies and books
trademark is more often used to protect
the company's brand and would include
things like logos and names trademark is
the reason you don't see thousands of
knockoff McDonald's restaurants while
copyright is the reason you can't just
print and sell the Lord of the Rings
books or download pirated movies but
what you are an art allowed to do in
regards to intellectual property is
entirely based on which country you're
in and how strict their copyright laws
are now most of the world adheres to the
Berne Convention which was the basis for
most modern copyright law its greatest
contribution was to establish the
concept that the creator of a piece of
work has automatic copyright from the
moment of its creation in a fixed
tangible form still there are small
differences between countries in how
that law is implemented and enforced
looking at u.s. copyright law there are
specific limitations on how long an idea
can be controlled by a single person
this is usually pegged to expire fifty
to a hundred years after the death of
the creator after which time it falls
into public domain when something is in
public domain anyone can use and
reproduce it there are also instances
where small portion of copyrighted works
can be used without violating copyright
this is referred to as fair use and is
usually for educational purposes parody
criticism research and so on one of the
biggest reasons for the
this is to prevent censorship by saying
that any mention of an existing work
would violate its copyright copyright
law is complicated and dense and it
doesn't even apply in a number of
countries which haven't signed any
international copyright treaties but in
the rest of the world the ability to
control and profit off of your ideas is
an important aspect of the economy and
intellectual property there's more to
copyright law than meets the eye
the same goes for the First Amendment to
learn more about how complicated freedom
of speech and religion are check out
this video most importantly and perhaps
the source of so much misunderstanding
is that the Amendment begins with
Congress shall make no law many people
gloss over this part they believe that
the First Amendment personally
guarantees them an inalienable right to
speech press religion and so on but all
it really covers is what Congress is not
allowed to restrict through specific
laws thanks for watching make sure to
LIKE and subscribe to this channel so
you don't miss out on any new videos
