people love to hate on the UN about its
ability to create change though even the
organization's fiercest critics admit it
has done a lot of good around the world
the UN has also been accused of being
complicit in corruption tangled in
bureaucracy and increasingly reactive
rather than proactive in addressing the
world's crises it's also been accused of
failing to act to prevent genocides and
places including Rwanda in 1994 Bosnia
in 1995 and Darfur Sudan in the early
2000s some have even called the
organization totally powerless but there
are certain countries in the UN that get
to exercise real power we're talking
about the UN Security Council's
permanent five members or p5 they all
have what's known as the right to veto
so we're gonna break down what the right
to veto is how the p5 got this power and
how its implementation has failed
humanity Rhian crises around the world
we also sat down with Salil Shetty
former secretary-general of Amnesty
International to help break down some of
the shortcomings of the Security
Council's veto power the p5 have been
accused of at times abusing that power
do you see it that way without question
to understand that we need to establish
the context in which the Security
Council was set up especially because
it's remained largely unchanged since
its first meeting the council is one of
the six principal organs of the United
Nations which was founded in October
1945 created in the immediate aftermath
of World War two the UN's goal was to as
their Charter puts it quote save
succeeding generations from the scourge
of war the US UK and then Soviet Union
the three major Allied powers were
Victor's of world war ii and they were
ready to establish their status and
power in the form of an elite council
former US President Franklin Roosevelt
lobbied for China's inclusion as a
permanent member of the Council and then
British Prime Minister Winston Churchill
did the same for France the permanent
five members of the Security Council
were established and granted veto power
meaning their single negative vote
carries the power to reject a resolution
so you have Russia and China sort of on
one side and you have France UK and the
United States on the other so it's kind
of the West versus the rest and that's
how it's been organized some of the
body's powers and responsibilities
include to investigate threats to
international peace to recommend a
resolution process to impose and lift
sanctions and to even enforce military
intervention it's done all of those at
various times including military action
against Gaddafi in Libya in 2011 and
sanctions against Iran in response to
their nuclear program in 2006 the p5
also set aside another six eventually
becoming ten non permanent membership
spots non-permanent members rotate every
two years for resolutions to pass nine
out of the 15 total members on the
council have to vote in favor so even
though they don't have veto power
temporary members still have a really
important job but if even one of the p5
states vetoes a resolution that's it
and that's happened hundreds of times
since the council was founded often in
cases where that state has been accused
of advancing its own political interest
in the face of global crises good let's
take a club so the people who are the
most powerful members in the club they
make the rules so it's not they're not
gonna change the rules in a way that it
negates their own interests so who are
we talking about here let's start with
Russia they've used their veto power
more times than any other p5 member most
recently the ally of the Syrian regime
has used its veto power 12 times on
draft resolutions concerning the Syrian
civil war that includes drafts that
would have allowed chemical weapons
investigations imposed sanctions and
referred Syria to the International
Criminal Court more than 400,000 people
have died as a result of the conflict in
Syria since 2011 Amazon I tell you Josh
systematic just want one veto who can
say the security la will see at high
elongation or carry on the military
those ones can say the guarantee LEDs
traditional Arsenal she meets you so the
kind of underlying issue is you know
that every country in
security counselors is there in order to
protect human interest the interest of
humanity as a whole but they tend to
protect their own national interests
so the humanitarian of the human
consequence of these big powers playing
politics is what we see in sillier
Russia has similarly exercised its veto
power to protect its interests around
Ukraine and Crimea but Russia isn't
alone in using the veto power in
accordance with its national interests
China has vetoed several measures that
landed legitimacy to Taiwan's
independence which China doesn't
recognize meanwhile the US has voted
down dozens of resolutions related to
its support for Israel including those
that would have condemned Israeli
settlements as illegal called on Israel
to completely withdraw from Palestinian
territories and requested investigations
into mass killings of Palestinian
protesters along the Gaza border it also
casts the single opposing vote against
14 affirmative votes on a resolution
calling on the u.s. to withdraw its
embassy in Jerusalem one party cannot
continue to monopolize the peace process
especially not one that acts with bias
in favor of the occupying power at the
expense of the law and the rights of the
occupied people even the threat of a
veto is enough to keep resolutions off
the table altogether
as has been the case with the mass
killings of the rahaga Muslims in
Myanmar China a major trade partner of
Myanmar is expected to veto any related
resolutions so what's been proposed for
the future of the veto some countries
including p5 members France in the UK
have supported the concept of voluntary
restraint that basically means the p5
would have a responsibility not to use
their veto power in situations where
mass atrocities are being committed like
Syria for example
this proposal has gained steam in recent
years with major human rights groups
calling on the Security Council to adopt
the measure but some say the veto is
necessary to act as a check and balance
on foreign intervention and others say
it might be hard to agree on the
definition of what constitutes a mass
atrocity another proposed remedy rather
than restrict the P 5 s power expand its
membership some argued the glaring lack
of permanent representation from regions
like Africa Latin America the Middle
East and Asia is part of the problem and
that expanding the p5 to those regions
would benefit the council India Brazil
Germany and Japan are among the popular
contenders collectively they formed a
group known as the g4 to strengthen
their chances of permanent membership
status on the council big challenge the
UN faces how do you make sure that if
you start by saying we the people where
are the people's voices in the
decision-making and while some permanent
members like France in the UK are more
open to expansion Russia China and the
US have been more cautious or directly
opposed it would take a whole lot of
support to modify the UN Charter and to
get all p5 members to agree at the same
time to restrict their own power but
despite all of its flaws experts
generally agree the UN creates a vital
space for diplomacy mediation and
maintaining international peace it is
indisputably helped save lives lift
people out of poverty and starvation and
maintain global order I always say
another challenge of the UN as if it
didn't exist we'd be free try and figure
out how to invent it but it still
remains to be seen whether the Security
Council will make the necessary reforms
to balance power among its members and
adequately address global humanitarian
crises that are falling through the
cracks
we want to hear from you how do you
think the Security Council should be
reformed should veto power extend beyond
the p5 or should it be reigned in during
mass atrocity situations let us know
what you think in the comments below and
if you learn something on this episode
of now this world please hit that like
and subscribe button
