in early September 2015
Russia deployed military tanks and cargo
planes into Syria despite Western
warnings that Russian involvement could
escalate the Syrian civil war Syria has
been called Russia's closest ally in the
Middle East and one of its last today
Russia openly supports the current
Syrian regime so why does Russia love
Syria well in the early 20th century
many Arab nations like Syria obtained
their independence from Western colonial
powers they began to assert themselves
via the Arab nationalist movement and
rejected Western dominance this led to a
number of Middle Eastern countries
siding with the similarly anti Western
USSR during the Cold War in turn the
Soviet Union provided some financial
military support additionally the
creation of Israel in 1948 was resented
by many Arab countries including Syria
Iraq and Egypt between 1955 and 1960 the
Soviets gave Syria more than two hundred
million dollars in military aid in
exchange for greater Soviet influence
and increased foreign trade in 1971 they
were allowed to use a Syrian port for
their own ships patrolling the
Mediterranean Sea that same year the
Assad family seized control of Syria the
new leader installed a hereditary
authoritarian regime using the Soviet
model for a single party police state
since then Syria has been riddled with
economic social and human rights
problems but Russia remains in support
of the Assad regime in 2012 Russia along
with China vetoed a UN resolution to
sanction Syria's government for human
rights abuses this was after the
military under current President Bashar
al-assad who's accused of firing on
civilians during government protests on
multiple occasions Russia has pledged to
continue supporting Syria against
terrorism and outside influence one
expert attributes this relationship to
the fact that Russia is running out of
stable allies in the Middle East
due to chaotic Arab Spring regime
changes the turmoil in Iraq Egypt and
Libya has been very unprofitable for
Russia who had previously strong
alliances with those countries for
instance in 2011 after the fall of
Libya's Muammar Gaddafi Russia claims to
have lost more than four billion dollars
in arms
US officials have made it clear that it
would be unconscionable for any party
including the Russians to provide any
support to the Assad regime however it
is in Russia's best interest to keep its
main ally in the Middle East unified and
stable as long as Assad remains in power
Syria and Russia will continue to
cooperate the United States has serious
issues with Russia and Syria's alliance
to find out why Russia hates the United
States so much check out this video in
recent years Russian President Vladimir
Putin has called the United States a
parasite living off the global economy
throughout Russia Americans are given
the nickname
Pindos that suggests their heavily armed
and surrounded by technology but weak
and ineffectual without it thanks for
watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
