California hosts the top five most air
polluted cities in America experts
suggest that in the 1960s LA's ozone
pollution was even worse than in
present-day Beijing so how bad is LA's
pollution now and how does it compare to
other cities worldwide well the World
Health Organization and the American
Lung Association both measure air
pollution primarily by how many fumes
and particles exist in the air that we
breathe the fumes come from sources like
power plants or car exhaust and are
referred to as ozone or smog particles
on the other hand are solid and most
evident in dust and smoke our body is
equipped to expel larger particles by
coughing or sneezing but anything less
than two and a half microns in diameter
can get stuck in the lungs and enter the
bloodstream this can trigger lung cancer
heart disease and strokes one researcher
is compared living in a polluted city
like Beijing to smoking one and a half
cigarettes every hour in the US Los
Angeles is the worst ozone polluted city
due to its massive car population and
Fresno is the most particle polluted as
a result of brush fires and other
burning of fossil fuels
California's pollution restrictions are
some of the nation's strongest but the
recent drought has thwarted recent
efforts to clean up the air however
things have improved over the last
half-century at one point in 1954 LA was
said to have virtually shut down for a
month due to smog today LA's annual mean
density for small particles in the air
is 20 micrograms per cubic meter and
Fresno's density is rated at 45
micrograms per cubic meter
comparatively Beijing's annual mean
comes to about 56 micrograms per cubic
meter this is much improved from a mere
decade earlier the city smog once
merited the nickname air pocalypse and
China was home to 16 of the planet's 20
most air polluted cities one recent
report even suggested that pollution had
contributed to more than 4,000 Chinese
deaths every day
however Beijing's pollution levels have
since gone down and China is taking
steps to drastically curb emission
they have set goals for emission
reduction in international conferences
and they have threatened to shut down
factories which don't comply to
guidelines this is not that different
from the steps la took to reduce their
own pollution the Clean Air Act's in
1963 and 1970 began a revolutionary
change in air pollution regulation for
California and other smoggy regions laws
mandated strict limits on regional
pollution and were enforced by hefty
fines spare the air days were introduced
to the public to cut down on wood
burning smoke the government also
offered more education and benefits to
those who were interested in being more
eco-friendly but other cities especially
in developing countries do little to
deal with pollution today the most
polluted city in the world is New Delhi
in India where existing anti-pollution
laws are weak and inconsistently
enforced international politicians
encourage countries like China and India
to make new pledges to reduce their
emissions like some did in 1997 with the
Kyoto Protocol as global warming and
environmental change become increasingly
important it will be vital for polluted
countries to clean up their act do you
want a more in-depth look at how
pollution uniquely affects China and how
deadly it is watch this video chinese
residents are subject to 40 times the
number of microscopic irritants found in
smog that is recommended by the World
Health Organization in fact the former
Chinese Health Minister has attributed
the high rates of lung cancer in China
to this toxic smog thanks for watching
test-tube news everyone make sure to
LIKE and subscribe so you don't miss out
on our new videos every day
