in July 2015 the US Iran and five other
world powers came to an agreement
concerning Iran's nuclear proliferation
well President Obama has promised that
this deal would cut off Iran's ability
to develop nuclear weapons
esra was Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu openly disagrees in fact
Israel and Iran have a long and
tumultuous relationship since the late
1970s which has only progressively
gotten worse so why do Israel and Iran
hate each other well it all started in
1947 when the United Nations held a vote
to split the Palestinian region into
Israel and Palestine at the time Iran
was one of the thirteen countries to
reject the proposal once the Israeli
state had been established Iran voted
against their admission into the UN
however Iran soon became one of the
first Muslim majority States to
unofficially recognize Israel
sovereignty in 1950 in fact the two
countries ended up sharing a close
relationship due to Iran's secular
leadership from 1925 to 1979 the two
countries had thriving trade and even
combined military forces to develop new
technologies but everything fell apart
in 1979 when the Shah of Iran was
overthrown by religious leader Ayatollah
Khomeini Iran became an Islamic Republic
ruled by Islamic law
Kimani quickly severed ties with Israel
as well as the United States calling
them little and big Satan still during
the iran-iraq war Israel supplied around
with military equipment which has been
considered crucial in Iran's victory yet
anti-israeli rhetoric continued and
increased within Iran notably in 1985 an
Egyptian man murdered seven Israelis on
vacation in Egypt and respond to an
issued a stamp featuring a picture of
the murderer and named a street in their
capital after him glorifying him as a
hero and a martyr their relationship
continued to deteriorate with further
Iranian leaders calling Israel's
existence illegal and parasitic and for
it to be eliminated the most significant
breakdown came as President Ahmadinejad
was elected in 2005 he called for the
end of the Israeli State and supported
the Iranian born anti Israeli terrorist
organization Hezbollah he is also a
known Holocaust denier in recent years a
number of Iranian nuclear scientists
have been assassinated by Israeli
intelligent agents in order to stop
nuclear development at the same time the
US and Israel have stopped a number of
assassinations of Israeli and Jewish
targets by
running an agent in 2012 several
Iranians were arrested after a plot to
bomb diplomatic officials was discovered
today tensions have centered around
Israel's fear of Iran obtaining nuclear
weapons although Iran has repeatedly
promised to never develop a nuclear
missile
they have also repeatedly been caught
attempting to do just that with Iran
having operated as a religious state
since 1979 there is little hope of the
two making peace anytime soon Iran's
nuclear proliferation is a hot-button
issue with the storied history behind it
to see a timeline of Iran's temps check
out this video or learn why the United
States and Israel are so close here
thanks for watching test-tube news make
sure to subscribe and check in every day
for new videos
