in July 2015
Pew Research Center released a report
surveying more than 45,000 people in 50
nations asking what global threats they
feared the most the topics of most
concern focused on Isis climate change
cyberattacks economic instability and
international disputes so what our
country is afraid of well across the
board climate change is one of the
greatest concern to the most countries
regions of the world bordering oceans or
containing rainforests namely those in
Africa Asia and especially Latin America
brings it as a high priority Burkina
Faso Brazil and Peru were among the most
vulnerable least prepared and most
concern about climate change economic
instability came in as a close second
understandably feared the most by poor
countries Ghana Spain in Uganda had the
strongest concerns about their economies
with Spain struggling in the EU and the
others among the world's most
impoverished nations Isis was also a
significant worry but for fewer
countries than economic instability
concerns particularly Lebanon Spain and
South Korea were the most worried about
Isis understandably Lebanon is located
near Isis invaded Syria
however while Spain and South Korea have
limited contact with the terrorist group
there have been recent reports of Isis
related violence at Isis recruitment
among their citizens within this study
the United States is one of the most
fearful nations across the board while
trying to have the lowest rates of
extreme concern why is that
well the contributing factor may be
related to the media in each country
America has a long history of news
fear-mongering at the turn of the 20th
century overly sensationalist and
provocative journalism was used to
increase profits this quote yellow
journalism was even said to have
contributed to the start of the
spanish-american war the practice gained
significant popularity and is only
increased today famed political
commentator Noam Chomsky has called the
United States an unusually frightened
country by comparison Chinese media and
in particular Chinese TV is one of the
most tightly state-controlled mass media
forms this means that Chinese citizens
are much more enthusiastic about
government policies and the nation's
overall health a separate Pew poll found
that China has among the highest levels
of confidence
their government but as with many
reports on global trends the original
Pew survey on international concerns
doesn't really offer a full story on any
one topic there are more than 150
countries that remain outside of the
survey scope and poll results are often
generalized still having a picture of
what scares us the most does help
address our common fears the world is a
scary place
but that doesn't mean it's all bad some
of the happiest countries in the world
still have major concerns on their plate
to learn more about which countries are
the happiest check out this video to get
their final scores they take the ladder
of life average multiplied by the life
expectancy and divide that by the
ecological footprint so that's how Costa
Rica Vietnam and Colombia were named the
happiest places in the world to live
thanks for watching and don't forget to
subscribe we have new videos coming out
every day
