over the past 10 years the number of
billionaires worldwide has skyrocketed
during the mid-1990s the total share of
wealth among billionaires was about one
trillion dollars but as of 2017 that
number has grown by eight hundred
percent today just eight people control
as much money as the bottom 3.6 billion
people on the planet but in spite of
their incredible wealth not one of those
eight comes anywhere close to the
richest people in history
so who holds the title and how much
money did they have well it's important
to note that the value of currency over
time is incredibly difficult to
calculate and all of the figures we
present our rough estimations of
modern-day currency nonetheless these
historical figures were almost
undoubtedly the richest of their era and
we can start most recently with former
dictator Muammar Gaddafi as of the start
of the 21st century Gaddafi had ruled
over Libya for four decades and spent
that time consolidating power and wealth
during the Libyan Civil War which
eventually led to his death Gaddafi was
in total control of Libya's economy and
spent it lavishly on himself when the
United Nations voted to freeze his
personal assets an estimated 130 billion
dollars in real estate and financial
holdings around the world were seized
further investigation found that the
dictators total stashed wealth all
embezzled from the Libyan economy was
closer to 200 billion dollars making him
the richest man in the world at the
start of the Libyan civil war in 2011
this sort of wealth by world leaders is
certainly not new it's going back more
than 2,000 years to ancient Rome one of
the most commonly referenced richest
people ever was Marcus Licinius Crassus
Crassus was a Roman politician who was
alleged to have made his fortune through
slave trade silver mines and real estate
most notably Crassus was known to have
formed the first firefighting Brigade
but instead of arriving at an ongoing
fire and putting it out
Crassus would negotiate for the sale of
the property from the homeowner as it
burned to the ground only then would he
direct his brigade to put out the fire
he was also known to enslave architects
and builders to reconstruct these
burnt-out homes which contributed to his
massive real-estate fortune
Crassus was estimated to control two
100 million sesterces which doesn't have
a direct dollar value but was roughly
the same as the entire Roman Treasuries
annual budget however modern historical
accounts suggest that Crassus was not
nearly as rich as his contemporary
Emperor Augustus Caesar according to
Time magazine and Stanford Professor Ian
Morris Augustus's Roman Empire was
alleged to control as much as 1/3 of the
entire world's economic output and his
personal fortune was believed to be
about 1/5 of that amount that's roughly
four point six trillion dollars and
included personal ownership over the
entire country of Egypt but neither
Gaddafi nor Crassus nor Augustus hold a
candle to the richest man who has ever
lived
Mon Somoza of Mali has been described as
so inconceivably rich that no accurate
figure could do justice to his wealth he
ruled Mali during the 14th century his
extraordinary fortune came from enormous
gold reserves on his territory which he
distributed throughout Africa in
particular one massive pilgrimage he
undertook from Mali to Mecca spread his
legendary status around the world
Mazda's entourage included hundreds of
thousands of soldiers civilians and
slaves all carrying literally tons of
gold allegedly his generous distribution
of gold created financial crises and
mass inflation along his pilgrimage and
he single-handedly urbanized entire
cities building schools and mosques
simply put Mansa Musa was so
indescribably rich that there's no frame
of reference to estimate his wealth and
he ranks historically as the wealthiest
person in history hands down today
incredible wealth is more often
distributed among entire families than
singular people one of the most commonly
named wealthiest families in the world
is the Rothschild family find out just
how much money they have and who they
are by watching the video to the right
thanks for checking out now this world
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more episodes just like this every week
