teaching creationism in schools has been
hotly debated in the United States since
the Scopes trial in 1925
though the US Constitution forbids the
official establishment of religion today
many state-sponsored public schools
continue to teach the Christian doctrine
of creationism so why does the US still
teach creationism
well first off in general creationism is
the belief that God created the universe
out of nothing and designed humans to
resemble himself many fundamentalists
also follow the biblical idea that the
earth is less than 10,000 years old but
evolution a scientific theory
popularized by Charles Darwin in the
19th century conflicts with these
religious beliefs evolution supposes
that men evolved from primates over time
and that the earth is billions of years
old in the past because the u.s. is
mostly Christian States had various laws
banning the teaching of evolution in
public schools or at least mandating
that it be taught alongside creationism
however the Supreme Court has declared
that teaching creationism violated the
Constitution's Establishment Clause
public schools must be religiously
neutral and science is not legally
considered a form of religion however
some teachers still find ways around
federal laws by choosing their words
carefully if they educate children about
creationism but don't specifically
advocate for it it's de legal in
Tennessee and Louisiana schools have
state laws allowing teachers to address
alternatives to evolution without
advocating them in Texas and Arkansas
charter schools reportedly use textbooks
that support creationist views then in
ten other states including Florida
Georgia Indiana and Ohio private schools
including religious institutions still
teach creationism so right now there are
thousands of students being taught
Christian doctrine in the place of
widely accepted science every year
because the u.s. remains a predominantly
Christian conservative nation a 2014
Gallup poll revealed that 42 percent of
Americans still believe in creationism
in the end the debate
we'll rage on even though the federal
government has pretty clearly spoken on
the issue in favor of evolution so what
does science actually say about human
evolution tres explored it in depth on
our new channel test-tube plus check out
this playlist here to learn about where
humans come from and how we evolved
there are some scientists who believe
that if we move to a spacefaring or
underwater life then things are darker
which maybe we'll get paler maybe our
eyes will get larger people with larger
eyes might do better in those societies
you know like like Gollum or something
thanks for watching guys
