with sanctions on Russian soil industry
and increased fracking in the United
States oil prices around the world
fluctuate significantly year by year
facing a potential bust many oil
boomtowns attempt to diversify their
interest before the oil runs out so what
is an oil boomtown and where are they
located around the world in oil boomtown
is a region that grows quickly and amass
as large profits after the discovery of
oil in turn oil corporations flocked to
the area providing high wages and high
rates of job creation many migrant
workers arrive hoping to strike it rich
to supply the new workers company spring
up creating an economic boom because of
the incoming wealth and lack of housing
to keep up with the new demand rent
prices skyrocket in 2014 the city with
the most expensive rent in the United
States was actually an oil town in North
Dakota called
Williston the last five years
Williston's population has more than
doubled one of the earliest successful
oil boom towns is the Texas city of
Beaumont rocketed to international fame
and fortune in 1901 when the world's
first major oil gusher was discovered
the oil strike produced more oil than
all the other wells in America at the
time combined it would also later spawn
some of the current Giants in the oil
industry including Texaco the boom town
of Beaumont continue to thrive even
after the initial strike dried up but
many oil boom towns are not as lucky men
travel in California and pit-hole in
Pennsylvania both became ghost towns
when oil reserves were tapped because
oil wells are unpredictable they can dry
up and leave a boomtown without enough
money to sustain its growth also when
oil is found in a somewhat undeveloped
country weak government oversight and
regulatory laws can mean that the oil
companies effectively run the town and
with that labor laws corruption and
wealth inequality can run amok in
Nigeria for example dishonest oil
industry practice or set to have cost
the nation tens of billions of dollars
the most famous oil boomtowns presently
include Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the
United
Arab Emirates which are some of the
richest cities on the planet Africa's
oil boomtowns including Luanda and on
Jimena even outrank famous
middle-eastern cities in oil wealth in
Canada Calgary produces 70 percent of
the country's crude oil and in the
United States Texas has almost 10
billion barrels of oil improving
reserves oil boomtowns are concentrated
in the Middle East however they can crop
up anywhere in the world in America the
oil industry is experiencing a shake-up
new fracking practices have added tons
more domestic oil to the market and
deflated prices of oil from typical
wealth setups but although some are
sweating the present international oil
market the reality is that the future of
alternative energy may see a final end
to oil boomtowns once and for all if you
want to see what other negative
consequences countries faced with lower
oil prices take a look at our video here
having cheaper gas is a good thing right
well maybe not a lot of countries and
micro economies may stop functioning if
oil prices dip too low there's a link in
the description below to that full video
thanks for watching guys
