in June 2015 a North Korean soldier
defected to South Korea by crossing the
infamously dangerous Korean
Demilitarized Zone or DMZ although over
a thousand people defect from North
Korea every year it is rare for them to
cross the heavily policed DMZ that
separates North and South Korea so what
is the DMZ well following World War two
Korea was split in half the South was
administered by the United States while
the North came under the direction of
the Soviet Union although both countries
soon gained their independence tensions
eventually led to the Korean War in 1950
the end of the war created the fortified
and constantly monitored border running
between the two countries it is about
150 miles long and two and a half miles
wide and has the largest military
buildup of any border in the world this
no-man's land in between is littered
with electrified fences land mines and
gun turrets since no human activity is
possible along the DMZ the undisturbed
land has inadvertently become a wildlife
sanctuary in fact it serves as home for
a third of the endangered red crown
crane population and other endangered
species besides a train track the only
place to cross from one side to the
other is called the joint security area
this is where negotiations and meetings
have occurred between the two countries
in the presence of the US and the UN on
either side of the line soldiers square
off in a decades-long intimidating
staredown neither side is allowed to
talk to each other outside of scheduled
meetings and even human contact is
discouraged despite a number of deadly
incidents and extremely high tensions
the area is regularly visited by tour
groups as many as a hundred thousand
tourists come to the joint security area
every year from both sides of the border
visitors are asked to sign a declaration
that states the visit to the joint
security area at Panmunjom will entail
entry into a hostile area and
possibility of injury or death as a
direct result of enemy
although an armistice between the two
countries has been in effect for over 50
years no peace treaty has been signed
and the two countries are still at war
until they make peace the DMZ will
continue to be a divided and volatile
boundary want to learn more about the
conflict between North and South Korea
check out our video on whether the two
countries could become one in the future
there is a chance that North Korea may
not actually want to unify in fact they
may still see South Korea as an enemy
they allegedly sank a South Korean navy
vessel and have fired artillery at South
Korea on more than one occasion thanks
for watching test-tube and don't forget
to subscribe
