in June 2015
Iraqi officials reported that as many as
500 children were kidnapped by Isis to
serve as suicide bombers and child
soldiers the use of children in combat
is an unfortunately common occurrence
around the world despite being
internationally outlawed and condemned
so how does Isis recruit child soldiers
it's impossible to determine how many
children have been influenced or forced
into joining the terrorist group Isis
but some reports have suggested that as
of 2014 there were at least 800 members
under 18 and today that number is likely
much higher in fact a human rights group
has noted that between January and late
March of 2015 400 children were
recruited that's more than three times
the number of new adult soldiers
recruited during the same time period
some even say that Isis takes in two to
three hundred child soldiers every month
the conscription of children is
partially the result of the poverty
surrounding Isis controlled territories
with no other options for food and
shelter many see the financially wealthy
Isis as an alternative these young
fighters are referred to as Cubs of the
Caliphate although many children are
kidnapped a number join voluntarily
influenced by the potentially high
salary for fighters others are sent or
sold to terrorist training camps by
their parents in the hopes of instilling
Sharia teachings and military experience
and although a kidnapped or voluntary
recruit has a chance of coming home if
their parents are able to track them
down it can cost a significant sum of
money to bribe the child's captors into
releasing them despite a shocking
propaganda video showing a child soldier
executing two purported spies most
children don't take an active part in
combat more frequently they help older
fighters with things like stocking
ammunition cooking cleaning and guarding
some are reportedly mentally challenged
and are forced to act as suicide bombers
without comprehending the situation
allegedly new child recruits are entered
into a fast-tracked 45-day legitimacy
training course which is followed by
three months of
courses some video suggests that these
are combinations of ideological
indoctrination and military training
certain sources say that child
membership is increasing because Isis's
overall membership is decreasing since
children are particularly susceptible to
indoctrination they are easier to
recruit and the use of young fighters
and propaganda videos can be seen as an
attempt to convince more youths to join
their ranks as countries around the
world continue fighting against Isis the
idea of fighting against children is a
surefire way of bringing down morale and
might be the terrorist groups most
despicable plan yeah believe it or not
women from all over the globe have also
been joining the Islamic state to learn
more about the reasons behind this
phenomenon watch our full video here why
are women so eager to join a militant
group that's so publicly anti women
thanks for joining us here on test-tube
news please subscribe to see all our
videos every single day
you
