in our last video we explained that
capitalism grew out of the failure of
middle-age feudalism but why did it grow
so quickly and pervasively as a social
and economic system capitalism in a
nutshell is the private ownership of the
means of production combined with a
free-market system of trade and while
not everybody agrees with capitalism's
effects on society it's difficult to
argue that capitalism doesn't have a
massive impact on societies that
implement it which is also nearly all
societies so why is capitalism so
successful essentially capitalism grew
to be what it is today because it is an
attractive offer it says that if you are
able to outwit your competition you'll
get more money and money can buy you
more options you don't have to work the
fields anymore instead you can pay
people to do that for you and that
process incentivizes innovation and hard
work of course the dark side is that if
you don't manage to outwit your
competition you may end up in a worse
place than if you had never competed to
begin with that's the inherent basis of
inequality and the source of most
capitalist critiques it also promotes
financial gain as the most effective and
sought-after tool for how we measure
success
now many countries have attempted to
combat the negative aspects of
capitalism while promoting the positive
socialist leaning countries like Sweden
are championed because they soften the
blow of failing in a capitalist system
for social welfare other countries
attempt to remove capitalism entirely
the USSR for example suffered from a
lack of incentive and subsequently used
force as motivation countries that
prioritize capitalism above social
protections like the United States tend
to suffer from some of the nastier side
effects like high rates of poverty and
inequality clearly capitalism comes with
its pros and cons as is the case with
most political systems whether it is
worth it or not will probably depend on
your values and priorities since
capitalism is a complex and
interconnected system there are millions
of other angles and opinions we can't
cover in two three minute videos or even
a three-month video
so let us know what we missed if you
enjoyed this video make sure to check
out our piece on communism and economic
and political theory on the opposite end
of the spectrum you can find that link
in the description below so we wanted to
know what exactly is communism well
there are a number of overlapping
philosophies and socio economic systems
that can be described as communist in
nature please don't forget to subscribe
and thanks for watching test-tube use
