Isis has so much money that they're
wealthier than several actual countries
so how does Isis get its money as some
of the more hardcore test-tube fans may
have noticed we're making some really
exciting changes here and we're happy to
announce that moving forward we're going
to be known as test-tube news we'll
still be focused on all the topics
you're interested in that's not going to
change we're just getting a new name so
let's get to it
Isis has grown from a violent marauding
terrorist cell to a violent marauding
terrorist state but fighting a war to
establish a Caliphate is expensive
especially when countries like the u.s.
are ready to foot the other side's bill
so how has Isis managed to stay viable
where does Isis get their money well
some estimates have placed Isis's income
as high as 3 million dollars a day
following the capture of the Iraqi city
of Mosul in 2014 their assets increased
to as much as 2 billion dollars that
explains how they've been able to buy
guns and pay their fighters more than
any nearby government the bulk of their
cash comes from captured oil fields
massive Wells and refineries dot
northern Iraq and Syria where Isis has
taken over in turn they've reportedly
sold stolen oil to Turkey where oil is
extremely expensive although US forces
have pushed back Isis is still believed
to control half of Syria's oil fields
besides oil territory the terrorist
group receives donations from supporters
in wealthy Gulf countries the worst
offender is Qatar where the government
has done little to stop the flow of cash
Isis also made about 125 million dollars
from kidnappings and ransoms between
2008 and 2014 their gruesome execution
videos have pressured multiple countries
into negotiating for the release of
certain prisoners rather than leaving
them to such a horrible fate since Isis
is at its heart a criminal organization
it should be unsurprising that some of
their funds come from organized crime
and extortion in the cities they've
taken control of sources have reported
that they loot and steal from the
government's they overtake and they sell
what ancient artifacts they haven't
destroyed then they impose a sweeping
tax on the
citizens charging them for using roads
running a business withdrawing money
from the bank etc on top of that they
operate a mafia type extortion system
where residents have to pay Isis to be
protected from Isis these methods along
with suspected organ farming human
trafficking and crop control have made
it possible for Isis to become somewhat
self-sufficient
they've even announced their own gold
silver and copper currency to compete
with global currencies they consider to
be satanic unlike most terrorist groups
which receive the majority of their
funds from outside sources
Isis has managed to sustain itself
whether the wealth of Western nations is
enough to overcome this advantage is yet
to be seen we release two new videos
every single day so if you're not yet
subscribed click now if you want to
learn more about the Islamic state check
out our full playlist below seriously
thank you all so much for your support
your comments and for everything we'll
see you tomorrow
