among presidential candidates junior
senator Ted Cruz has received some of
the widest media attention over the past
few years as the first Hispanic Canadian
senator from Texas Ted Cruz is a very
particular sort of politician and that
is not gone unnoticed the Republican
candidate has been hailed as the Tea
Party's poster boy so we wanted to know
who exactly is Ted Cruz
well perhaps most confusingly Ted Cruz
was born in Canada to an American mother
and a Cuban father notably his father
fought in support of Fidel Castro during
the 1950's now if you watched our who
can run for president video you'll know
that being born in Canada actually
doesn't disqualify Cruz from running for
president anyway crews began his
political career as a domestic policy
adviser to President George W Bush
he helped stop the Bush v Gore recount
which awarded Bush the presidency in
2000 he later became the Texas Solicitor
General and was part of a number of
high-profile cases in one he prevented
the Supreme Court from removing under
God from the Pledge of Allegiance in
2012 Cruz joined the Senate and burst
into the public eye mostly for his
conservative policy stances and his
questionably true statements in support
of them cruz opposes net neutrality as
well as the authority of the FCC's
regulatory control he has voted against
all gun control bills and has threatened
to filibuster bills that would improve
the background checks for gun purchases
like most conservatives Cruz is
adamantly against Obamacare some have
pointed to him as the leading force
behind the 2013 government shutdown in
protest of Obamacare although Cruz has
blamed Obama for the shutdown
he has also proposed legislation barring
illegal immigrants from ever receiving
citizenship and to triple the number of
guards and our borders as the recipient
of large donations from gas and oil
companies Cruz is largely in support of
the Keystone XL pipeline and lifting
limits on oil exports he's also spoken
out about ending the 1992 ethanol
mandate that aims to reduce carbon
Cruz has voted against the idea that
climate change is man-made and has
called environmental scientists global
warming alarmists and compared them to
flat earthers socially Cruz is
anti-abortion except in cases of harm to
the mother he also opposes same-sex
marriage and gay pride parades then 2015
Cruz proposed the state marriage Defense
Act which would prevent the federal
government from using the word marriage
or spouse to describe non-traditional
marriages he also voted against a bill
which would protect a number of minority
groups including women Native Americans
and the LGBT community he also opposes
the legalization of marijuana although
he respects a states right to decide as
a candidate Cruz doesn't especially
stand out amongst his fellow Republicans
however as a polemic speaker on social
and political issues Ted Cruz has led
the pack in conservative rhetoric
despite garnering less support than some
of his other peers the GOP race for the
2016 nomination is going to be long and
messy to learn more about Mike Huckabee
and Marco Rubio two other candidates
check out these videos now thanks for
watching test-tube and don't forget to
subscribe below
