Russia has spent the last few years
growing its list of Western enemies but
the country's relationship with Israel
has only improved in spite of Russian
support for Syria and a long history of
tense adversarial relations Israel and
Russia are close geopolitical allies so
why exactly did the two countries love
each other well the political and social
history of Russia and Israel is actually
incredibly unique early on in Israel's
formation the Soviet Union was a major
supporter of a Jewish state allegedly
Russian dictator Joseph Stalin expected
the new country to be socialist and the
USSR was even the second country in the
world to recognize Israeli sovereignty
after at the United States however this
support was not long-lasting in an
effort to gain control over the Middle
East Russia funded and armed countries
like Syria Iraq Libya Egypt and others
meanwhile the United States provided
military and financial support to Israel
creating a de-facto adversary to the
Soviet Union and yet in spite of their
political divide the people of Israel
and Russia have seen parallels social
development due to the Soviet Union's
persecution of religion and in
particular the country's state
sanctioned anti-semitism Israel served
as a welcoming home for Jewish Russians
known as refuseniks in 1970 a group of
refuseniks attempted to hijack an
airplane in order to escape the Soviet
Union and while they failed it drew
international attention to the fact that
conditions within Russia were terrible
and those who wanted to leave weren't
allowed to so throughout the 1970s
Russia allowed hundreds of thousands of
Jewish Russians to leave the country
and by 1988 an estimated 160,000 had
emigrated to Israel this mass migration
of Jews was known as the 1970 Aliyah
once in Israel Russians were able to
assimilate while introducing their own
social norms including a focus on high
culture such as theater literature music
and art when the Soviet Union's last
leader Mikhail Gorbachev opened the
country's borders
a second massive wave of Russian Jews
came to Israel close to 1 million over
the following decade and a half there
are now more Russian Jews living in
Israel than there are in
and Russia is the largest source of
international Jews in Israel this
enormous domestic influence of both
Jewish culture and Russia and Russian
culture in Israel may be the reason that
both countries are incredibly
sympathetic to each other in spite of
their international disagreements in the
early 2000s the two populations elected
leaders who are outspoken supporters of
each other
Russia's Vladimir Putin and Israel's
Ariel Sharon Israel's current Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu himself has
family roots in the former Russian
Empire for the past decade
much of Israel's ability to maintain
both their sovereignty and avoiding
international sanctions has stemmed from
broad and equal support from both of the
world's twentieth-century superpowers
the United States and Russia in fact the
US and Russia in addition to the United
Nations in the European Union make up
the Middle East quartet which is a
collection of national bodies working to
solve the israeli-palestinian crisis on
the one hand Russia has been working to
support the Syrian regime which has
repeatedly attempted to destroy Israel
meanwhile Israel stands opposed to Iran
Russia's longtime ally and yet the two
countries have cultures and politics
that are so deeply intertwined that
their social bond is able to overcome
any military divisive Nasiriyah Israel
have been opposed for decades to learn
about why that you hate each other
despite sharing allies watch this video
right here thanks for checking out now
this world don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more videos like this
every week
