at test you daily we try to bring you
the most compelling stories but there
are always a few that don't make the cut
so here's a weekly roundup of some of
the stories you might have missed more
than 300 women and children were rescued
from Boko Haram by Nigerian troops this
week despite worldwide protests
Indonesia executed several drug
smugglers including two of the
Australian Bali Nine and a mentally ill
man from Brazil the Supreme Court heard
arguments concerning lethal injections
following a 2014 botched execution in
Oklahoma the Italian Army's low-cost
marijuana farms have begun to produce
their first crops medical marijuana is
legal but very expensive in Italy a new
report implicated the American
Psychological Association in rewriting
it's legal and ethical guidelines for
the Bush administration in order to
justify their torture program what are
the stories did we miss let us know in
the comments and as always thanks for
watching and make sure to subscribe
