in April 2015 the u.s. territory of Guam
lifted their ban on same-sex marriage
this puts them ahead of at least 13 US
states which still have laws on the
books preventing equal marriage for all
in fact the issues of gay rights
including marriage have become
increasingly relevant in just the past
few years with multiple countries
stepping up to legalize same-sex
marriage
so where is same-sex marriage legal well
currently marriage between two people of
the same sex is officially legal in 18
countries with legislation enacted in
Slovenia and partial legality in the US
and Mexico in the u.s. it is recognized
on a federal level with 36 states plus
Washington DC and Guam allowing
legalized gay marriage the first country
to end marriage discrimination was the
Netherlands it may seem surprising today
but that legislation wasn't passed until
as recently as the year 2000 in 2003
Belgium also legalized the practice but
prevented same-sex couples from adopting
children until 2006 in 2005 both Spain
and Canada followed suit Spain legalized
because of the election of a Progressive
Socialist government that campaigned for
the issue Canada then did so because
more than three-quarters of their
territories and provinces had already
established marriage as a gender neutral
issue in 2006 South Africa's
Constitutional Court ruled that banning
same-sex marriage was inherently
unconstitutional making it the first
African country to change their views in
2009 both Sweden and Norway allowed
current and future civil unions to be
considered legal marriages in 2010
Portugal Iceland and Argentina also made
the shift most significantly Iceland
elected an openly gay prime minister in
2009 since 2013
Brazil France Uruguay New Zealand the UK
Luxembourg and Finland have all passed
bills giving same-sex couples the right
to marry with so many countries enacting
equality legislation the u.s. is
definitely falling behind
despite the overturning of the
controversial Defense of Marriage Act
which led to the federal recognition of
same-sex marriage gay marriage is still
not legal in 13 states it seems as
though it's only a matter of time until
advocacy groups get what they've been
looking for gay marriage as a universal
human right
America is pretty divided on the issue
of same-sex marriage but the problems
run even deeper while other minorities
are protected from discrimination the
LGBT community is not the overall law of
the land when it comes to discrimination
in America is a 1964 Civil Rights Act
this protects employment discrimination
based on race color religion sex or
national origin watch that video at the
link in the description and thank you
for watching test-tube please subscribe
