at the United States is most complicated
neighbor Mexico has a lot of factors
working for it and against it with a
strong national culture and positive
international relations marred by
expanding cartel violence we wanted to
know just how powerful is Mexico
well geographically Mexico is fairly
large at roughly 750,000 square miles or
about a quarter the size of the
contiguous United States Mexico is the
14th largest country in the world Mexico
is also home to over 120 million
residents making it the most populous
spanish-speaking country Mexico also has
one of the world's top economies with a
GDP of about one and a quarter trillion
dollars although that's actually still a
few hundred billion dollars smaller than
the GDP of Texas
Mexico's high-yield economy is largely
the product of their strong trade ties
through the North American Free Trade
Agreement in fact trade with the US and
Canada accounts for nearly half of all
Mexican imports and exports additionally
as the world's top producers of
electronics automobiles silver and oil
Goldman Sachs has predicted that by 2050
Mexico will be the world's fifth largest
economy however in comparison Mexico's
military is relatively unimpressive
stacked against the world's armies
mexico ranks 31st about on par with
south africa this is partially due to
the fact that mexico has historically
only spent about half a percent of their
GDP on their armed forces by comparison
the u.s. spends closer to four percent
and although mexico isn't really in a
position to be invaded their military
and police forces have been overwhelmed
by the country's hyper violent drug war
during which over 60,000 have died and
another 20,000 have gone missing on top
of their drug problem mexico also
suffers from relatively high infant
mortality in a comparatively low
literacy rate sources have pointed to
the fact that roughly half of Mexico's
population lives below the poverty line
a statistic that's been unchanged for
the past thirty years despite
significant economic growth overall
Mexico is an important manufacturing
ally with a rich history and strong
economy however a more realistic view of
the country would paint it as an
impoverished warzone heavily reliant on
its very powerful name
so how powerful is Mexico the truth
might lie somewhere in the middle if you
want to check out our full how powerful
series you can find it right here or if
you want to learn about how legalizing
weed in the US would affect the drug
cartels in Mexico check out this video
below thanks for watching test-tube
don't forget to subscribe
