recently Pope Francis referred to the
mass killings of Armenians by the
Ottoman Empire during World War one is
the first genocide of the 20th century
in response Turkey recalled their
vatican city ambassador and declared the
Pope's comments to be null and void both
deniers and believers of the Armenian
Genocide claimed to have history on
their side so was the Armenian Genocide
a genocide as the Ottoman Empire
declined in power during the turn of the
20th century Turkish leaders suspected
the Armenian population of supporting
Russia in the russo-turkish Wars and
during World War one starting in the
early 20th century the New York Times
began regularly reporting on a series of
mass executions of Armenians by the
Turks most Armenian Genocide historians
agree that the largest loss of life
occurred around 1915 with one and a half
million Armenians left dead from
torturous practices like hard labor
camps and death marches France Canada
and Switzerland are among more than 20
countries which officially acknowledged
that the violence against Armenians was
a genocide
however the Turkish government refuses
to acknowledge that claim so was it a
genocide the United Nation describes
genocide in a 1948 convention as the
carrying out of acts intended to destroy
in whole or in part a national ethnical
racial or religious group but turkey
denies that they were attempting to
destroy the Armenian people they say
that during World War one both sides
experienced casualties turkey claims
that only about three to six hundred
thousand Armenians were killed while
Muslims in the region experienced even
more casualties approximately 2.5
million in eastern Anatolia alone
therefore Turkey has maintained that the
violence towards Armenians did not
constitute a genocide Azerbaijan is one
of the only nations to side with turkey
on this issue
so was it a genocide most major nations
say yes but the dispute is ongoing and
since turkey is a powerful ally in the
euro Asian region some countries like
the US and the UK have avoided using the
term genocide diplomatic alliances in
the area are currently in a delicate
balance but dialogue between Armenia and
Turkey remains open for now while large
international wars are less commonplace
in recent years the death toll from
terrorism has been on the rise to learn
more about just how many people have
been killed by terrorists
watch our video here this is in spite of
reports that the United States arguably
one of the leaders in the war on terror
has spent over a trillion dollars on
anti-terrorism operations since 9/11
thank you for checking out test-tube
today make sure you hit subscribe to see
all of our newest videos
