hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
so I have not done a twenty one pilots
video for ages and I seriously mean ages
and honestly since then I haven't
listened to a single other twenty one
pilots song so I'm still coming into
this pretty damn blind but recently
twenty one pilots released two new songs
so today we're gonna listen to both of
them one is just audio the other one is
a music video so I hope you all enjoy
before we start though if you're new
here make sure you click Subscribe and
enable notifications so you get notified
anytime I upload a new video let's do
the audio first because I feel like it
would be nice to work up to the music
video it's called Niko and the niners it
was really really casual at the moment
this kind of feels like elevator music
and I'm taking that
okay look I know that I don't really
know that much about 21 pilots but I
have to say from my experience with them
before they don't sound the same here
I'm lighter when I'm Lord I'm higher
when
well like this course a lot and this is
really groovy I feel like it's the base
in the background that's really doing it
for me let me just
yeah this is like easy and casual and
I'm loving the delivery of the lyrics
too I'm not sure if it was in the
earlier bit but there was a little bit
of piano there that was a cool
development - I like the breakdown and
reconstruction of the course feels like
that adding little bits of elements at a
time
uh-huh doing some weird reverse stuff
what I say when I want to be enough Oh
random rapping man that length of like a
little rap bit is so annoying to me
because I quite liked it and I just
wanted more and now there is no more to
hear one of those ones you're gonna like
hit replay on a few times so I can't
really put my finger on like what the
lyrics are about but from what I gather
there in the chorus there seemed to be
like a lot of juxtaposition going on
like a bunch of contradiction I'm
lighter when I'm lower I'm higher when
I'm heavy I don't quite know what Nikko
and the nine is is a reference to yeah
honestly I'm trying to decipher a
meaning and I can't come up with one if
you do have any idea what it's about
like what the backstory is if I'm
missing something please talk it down in
the comments below cuz I love having
things shown to me in a whole new light
is that I can go back and listen to it
and be like oh yeah that makes sense in
this context so the next one we're gonna
listen to is called jumpsuit I believe
oh I know that they did say that my
jumpsuit takes me higher so maybe this
is like a continuation of the story or
maybe it's just like another layer to it
I quite like when albums share a similar
like motif or theme and that's really
cool to me it's getting kind of
old-school at this point but an album
that I think does that very very well is
American Idiot by Green Day I told like
a consistent story over the album and I
thought that was really really cool so
I'll be interested to see if there's
anything similar to that in this video
it's not too often you see someone talk
directly to the camera in a music video
who me you might want to like get off
the car of its on fire just a suggestion
oh this is beautifully shot so far
gotta have solar flares what am I
watching
feels like I've seen like 50 million
different things in the first 20 seconds
every time I think it's gonna go one way
it's like not we're gonna have like a
cloak dude riding a horse
so so far I'm not quite liking this as
much as the earlier song but I mean
personally that big twanging no no it's
not not really my thing there's actually
quite a few like grungy bands that I
listen to and some of their songs do
that and I'm just I just not even a fan
even of the bands that I love when they
do it it's just not my thang Jones his
vocals in this are also quite intriguing
it's gonna get hit or is this jumpsuit
gonna protect him
apparently so that's uh kind of
terrifying
I didn't want to be given nightmares
tonight if that's okay 21 pilots all
right
I'll be right there is he like a zombie
now she was like I'm watching Game of
Thrones he hit some pretty nice high
notes just then
pressures of a new place is that is he
oh I'm getting maybe like a vibe of them
singing about anxiety or something here
is he is he dead
we're back at the burning car I was just
like the before uh-huh that's cool
that's cool kind of like bringing that
full circle I guess I mean composition
wise both of those songs were quite well
done I would say that the first one
might be a bit better in that regard
simply because it felt a bit more
complex and well-rounded and the song
evolved as it went on where is like
while the music video and visuals sort
of changed for the second one I felt
like the chorus and the bridge kind of
just felt the same all the way through
the song and while I didn't really mind
listening to it I just I personally
don't really like when artists do that
because I just want to hear some variety
in like a 4-minute song I mean to be
fair he did change key and did change
pitch if some of his notes so wasn't
totally the same but that's just what I
like to hear which is why I think I
liked Niko and the niners quite a bit
more because it felt like it's the song
went on it kept changing and they kept
drawing me back into it it's like at the
end of each line I was sitting there
like is it gonna be different what's
gonna happen now and then there were
like some curveballs thrown in like that
weird Rover stuff and it took me totally
off-guard but I thought it was cool
especially like just smack bang in the
middle of the song it felt kind of
disorienting and I think that was the
point
so I guess my final rating would be like
the second song I wouldn't complain if
it was on I'd probably sing along let's
be honest but the first one I'm gonna
walk away and like listen to it a couple
more times and then probably add it to
my playlist since that genuinely is
something I'd listen to so with all that
said I would like to request one thing
from you and that's to recommend down in
the comments below and twenty one pilots
songs that you think I'd like based on
what I've said I'd be really keen to do
another twenty one pilots video and I
really like to base it off your
suggestions so all those were just my
thoughts of course let me know what you
think do you agree with me do you
disagree with me out of those two which
was your favorite I'm always always keen
to hear your thoughts thank you very
much for watching I hope you enjoyed the
video and as always have an awesome time
until I see you next see ya
