hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're gonna be reacting to Lana
Del Rey who is an artist that I've heard
the name of a million bajillion times
and you often request for me to react to
her so here we are we're doing it today
I don't really know what to think I
don't know anything going in my
girlfriend actually quite likes Lana Del
Rey and she set up this little playlist
for me to listen to and I'm pretty keen
to get into this I've been told that she
has a bit of a chill vibe going on
whether that's accurate or not I don't
know but I will be finding out very soon
before we start though if you're new
here make sure you click Subscribe turn
on notifications so you get notified any
time I upload in your video the first
one we're gonna listen to is called a
young and beautiful
this is a bit creepy
it seems she's going for an old-timey
feel here like you know the sort of
1930s or 40s vibe
easy way to get me on board is to have
violins it is like a weakness of mine
especially because she's not like going
over the top with them it's just a nice
subtle violin sound
I'm loving that pretty much the only
thing going on for the chorus is like a
full-on Orchestra she's just singing
over this nice orchestral soundtrack
oh my god I'm an idiot I literally just
realized that there's not two different
rows of musicians that just shadow he's
like such an idiot
I lacked those deep notes quite a nice
singer she's not like also super high a
lot of a lot of female singers these
days are really really high even male
singers actually a lot of popular ones
are way up in there in the tenor range
it's nice to hear like a bit of a
different sound that's what I'm saying
well you still love me one
I like how they changed up the notes
there in the chorus
beautiful I enjoyed that song I like the
sound of it I definitely liked the sound
of her voice but I think maybe that was
a little bit too long especially because
she kind of was just repeating the same
words for a while I felt like they could
have easily shaved off 30 seconds or so
I did want to say that I really really
like the lyrics there it's not too often
you hear these love songs that are kind
of like I guess quite happy you know
there's a lot of songs about unrequited
love or cheating or just generally being
angry in a relationship but there's not
really that many that focus on like you
know we're gonna grow old and die
together and that's awesome I know that
Ed Sheeran song thinking out loud had a
similar vibe so this whole like will you
still love me when I'm no longer young
and beautiful I know you will I don't
know that's just quite a nice sentiment
to me and that's kind of a healthy
relationship okay so the second song
we're gonna listen to is called born to
die based off the title I could not tell
you what it's gonna be about so I'm
gonna try to listen to the lyrics and
understand the story here cuz I'm
already getting the impression that Lana
Del Rey seems to have like a message to
our songs so let's see if we can figure
out this one okay that was certainly not
how I expected this video to start but
America oh I like that beat
whoa hello chillin with two targets what
about us she actually looks like a queen
right now queen of Tyga's
this is not a key that you hear some in
a lot of pop music so again she's going
like pretty deep with her voice I'm down
with it I like it she's going higher
Wow she has a vocal range doesn't she
oh okay maybe the born today isn't like
literally dying but it's about the
relationship dying like you and I the
relationship was born not to work so
what I'm getting
why is he like got his hand around a
throat I'm getting creepy vibes from
this guy especially like before the way
he was like forcing her to kiss him I
didn't like it
oh yeah that's creepy to me man maybe
I'm reading into that wrong but makes me
uncomfortable
have fun
hey there's those violins again that I
liked
we were born into
okay I am thoroughly lost on what the
imagery is supposed to represent
everything's burning around them he's
holding her like dead body I think I'm
gonna need you in the comments so tell
me what's going on with this music video
ah now we're back to the start I don't
understand
Matthew is confused I mean look other
than being confused by that I actually
quite liked the music itself it's quite
chilled out it's something that's easy
to listen to and that really resonates
with me because a lot of the time that I
listen to music it's just kind of there
in the background or I don't know I'm on
the train or something so it's not my
primary focus so music like that works
quite well for me in that I can just
kind of have it on you know all right
let's move on to the next one which is
called hide by the beach
I mean it makes sense that the first
thing I see is beach song title checks
out that's a really nice house I want to
live right there please and can we make
that happen can I just move there now
dude don't let your curtains hang out
the window like that shove them back in
is that her she looks a bit different
now maybe because she just changed her
hair I guess I'm really bad at
recognizing people I mean fair enough
you do you boo sounds like it's alike
for getting my troubles sort of song I
guess like she's got a lot on her mind
she's going through some stuff she just
wants to get high by the beach and relax
I like this like semi shaky-cam sort of
following her footage that's pretty cool
that's dangerous flying that close I'm
not really understanding what's up with
the helicopter oh wait they like
paparazzi ah okay and that makes sense
as to why she was like scrolling through
a magazine interesting
that's still following huh seems like an
odd place to keep a guitar but I mean
you know go for it oh okay it's not an
acoustic guitar that is definitely not a
guitar it's gonna pull them up
something's gonna happen
yep rip
it's
brains
okay so given the end of that where she
like blows up this helicopter that has a
dude with a camera that's been following
her I'm going to assume that it is sort
of like about paparazzi and a life in
like the public because it's kind of
like all I want to do is like live my
life all I want to do is what I want to
do can you just like leave me alone and
then when they don't she's just like
well fine I guess I'll fight back then
right I mean if that's the case that's
pretty cool imagery and I and I dig that
alright let's listen to the last song we
gonna listen to which is called love wow
she does really like to go for the sort
of old-timey imagery look you kiss with
your vintage music haha even cold it out
in the first line look at your kids with
your vintage music
but you
oh gosh why do I feel so attacked right
now you get a whole dressed up just to
go nowhere in particular
so it seems this song is like lamenting
about being young like kind of you don't
know what you've got sort of thing so it
seems that she's singing about like how
when you're young you can just kind of
focus and live in the now because like
you don't need to worry about all this
sort of other stuff you know working in
the coffee shop that's okay it's enough
just enough to be young and in love now
she's singing about herself I get ready
I get all dressed up
that's really sweet yeah so it is just
really about focusing on what you've got
which is always a really cool message I
like hearing that in songs this song is
making me genuinely happy that was just
very nice and pleasant I like that wow
so out of all the ones we just listened
to that last one love has to be my
favorite it was just a really nice song
performed and executed really well with
a nice message that made me genuinely
happy plus all those beautiful visuals
and really nice transitions I'm a fan of
that one I quite like that and I'm going
to add it to my playlist in fact I'll do
it right now I'll do it on camera how
about that name add to playlist yeah
overall I'm quite impressed I actually
enjoyed pretty much all those songs some
of them I enjoyed more than others like
I said love is definitely my favorite
out of those four but I can definitely
definitely see why Lana Del Rey has
become quite popular especially because
she seems to have themes that are kind
of different to a lot of other artists
and even when she sings about topics
that are similar you know like love and
relationship she does them with an
interesting spin and that's really cool
and not easy to do it's often very very
hard to have a new or interesting
perspective on a topic that's just been
covered over and over and over and over
again so massive props to you Lana I am
impressed but as always I want to hear
your thoughts what do you think do you
like lana del rey d and not like her so
much what's your favorite out of those
four songs or do you just not like any
of them I'm always always keen to hear
your thoughts so let me know down in the
comments below thank you very much for
watching I hope you enjoyed the video if
you did don't forget to click that like
button and as always have an awesome
time until I see you next see ya
