hello everyone my name is matthew
mckenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're going to be reacting to
another k-pop group i've done a few
videos on BTS and i'm really really keen
to dive into some different k-pop
because so far BTS is pretty much the
only experience I've had with kpop which
has been interesting and fun I've
actually quite enjoyed a lot of the
stuff I've listened to and I actually
have no clue what black/pink are like so
I don't know if they're gonna be like as
big and as crazy if they are I'm kind of
excited but if they're more mellow
that's also exciting for me the
curiosity I'm feeling right now is
overwhelming so let's do it but before
we start if you're new here make sure
you click Subscribe and turn on
notifications so you notified any time I
upload a video now let's get on to
listening to something like being the
first someone can listen to is called
doo doo doo to do and it actually
appears to be like a new song like
released couple weeks ago
cool that's exciting my first experience
with them will be like how they are now
okay so it's only four of them already
feels a little bit epic I just also
realized they're throwing pink powder
that's pretty cool oh I just realized
what they're going for cuz she's the
queen and she's on a chess board she's
like the Queen on the chess board see
see what they're doing
so it's not quite as like high as BTS
but I'm really digging it it's not too
often you hear like slow drops like this
these days a lot of drops are like a
really big really intense I love that it
feels like with this they're taking that
ultra feminine feel but presenting it in
like such a badass light it's pretty
cool that's some cool symbolism there
they're all holding like bones as guns
like we use them as a weapon these days
or something
we've got them
what's it called
welcome to it
I'm honestly not really sure like what
the lyrics are getting out I'm trying to
I'm trying to get a message out of them
but I can't like I don't know if I'm
just missing something
man that dancing is so on point when
groups can sync up and dance so well
like this it just impresses me from the
get-go
what an awesome frame to end especially
with the the pink dust that's pretty
cool all right so is the first
introduction to the band that song like
it was kind of cool but also like don't
hate me it was a tiny bit underwhelming
I think I liked it it was just kind of I
guess not really what I was expecting
but that's not their fault but I did
kind of expect a much bigger drop given
the song name that just isn't really the
kind of stuff I listen to normally
although I did sort of dig the chorus I
know I wouldn't complain if it came on
or one of my friends wanted to listen to
it but I really wouldn't like actively
put that on or anything let's see if the
second song gives me a different vibe
it's called boomba off they go this
already feels like it's gonna be a bit
more intense so hot I need a fan this is
a bit more my style I really like faster
delivered lyrics
the aesthetic though I also love it
their outfits are like top-notch
alright I'm ready for hit me with the
draw
boomba fool that's cool this is
definitely the kind of song that like
after a couple drinks in the night I'm
like dancing on tabletops to this just
kidding I never danced on tabletops I am
far too reserved
I mean honestly can you ever imagine me
getting up on a tabletop and dancing
especially with this routine it's
working up on the table that's how I
talk she like something in garbage these
visuals are so wild and confusing what's
going on wait what are you doing how do
they dance in those clothes man I feel
like some of those tight clothes must be
so hard to move in right
I actually enjoyed that one more so than
first I don't really know what it was
maybe just right now I'm in the mood for
something a bit more intense and
blasting my ears away that was just a
bit more my style
granted it might have just been the
visuals so yeah that one I might
consider adding to my playlist okay so
this one is called as if it's your last
I love that like muffled fade in I
always feel like a song that's gonna be
good when it starts with that that weird
that a weird thing to comment on it is
such an interesting shade of redhead
baby
okay this is way more poppy interesting
cause like the last couple of songs
we've listened to haven't really had
that like real poppy feel but this one
really really does feel like it has a
really catchy tune that's gonna stick in
my head for sure which will be a little
bit annoying because I don't understand
what they're saying and I can't say the
actual lyrics I'll just have the tune in
my head
I think that's actually really cool
because that turns what would normally
be like a really traditional big drop
into effectively a transition into the
chorus right it doesn't have like
necessarily a massive beat or anything
behind it it's just a way to bring the
song into the chorus it's funny because
I found it a tiny bit lacking in the
first one but the second one I actually
got quite excited to hear that course
even though I knew it wasn't gonna be
like some big crazy drop well I didn't
actually expect that song to finish so
quickly though that took me off-guard so
those of you who've watched my channel
quite a bit probably won't be surprised
by this but that wasn't exactly my
favorite out of the last three I'd
probably have to say that so far my
favorite has been boomed by although I
can definitely see why that last one was
popular and I can acknowledge it's well
constructed and well choreographed it's
just ultimately kind of not really my
sound so that leaves me SuperDuper
curious about how I'm gonna feel about
the last song I'm gonna listen to called
whistle so here we go
I see Pringles
wow these are some really gorgeous
visuals right now I've actually been
adoring the effort people have been
putting into their music videos lately
every time I show up oh no I just
realized this is gonna be another one of
those songs where I just have the tune
in my head I'll be out there like making
breakfast or something and I'll just be
like whistling it for sure
I'm a cat I'm really liking the rap
breakdowns they've been doing even
though I can't understand a word of it
that you can just appreciate good rap
man I'm listening to the backing track
of this and I'm realizing how minimalist
it is it's like a little bit of bass the
basic beat and the whistle I mean even
just the verses are pretty basic with
their music and I don't mean that as a
bad thing by any means it's just really
cool to see how much artists can do with
some little like it's quite a minimalist
track but it doesn't feel underwhelming
or anything it's just easy to listen to
I mean the bass is also quite faint
isn't it speak
young
it's such interesting composition I'm
sorry that I'm just going on about it
it's just quite intriguing to me
that's really bringing their vocals to
the front and center of the song and
their vocals definitely aren't letting
the song down they're performing very
very well I just got a little bit
disappointed that that was the end just
now all right so final thoughts I think
I preferred whistle to boom by ah but
boom by yah would be my close second
overall those two songs were just kind
of more my thing whistle in particular a
lot of the music that I listened to is
actually quite simple I guess and you
know me I'm such a grandpa and I think
part of the reason that I avoid like
electronic music or a lot of I guess pop
music these days is that I honestly feel
a bit overwhelmed by it sometimes like
there's so much going on there's so many
sounds so when I hear a song like
whistle that feels like very full very
well rounded but doesn't feel like in my
face and like it's attacking me that
always earns bonus points in my books so
with all that said those are just my
thoughts I'd love to hear what you think
do you feel the same way as me is that
one of the reasons you like black king
because it's fun music with a lot of
power that doesn't feel like it's ah
attacking you or do you have other
reasons you like black king or do you
have a controversial opinion and do you
not like them at all I'm always always
keen to hear your thoughts so leave them
down in the comments below thank you
very much for watching I hope you
enjoyed the video if you did don't
forget to click that like button and as
always have an awesome time until I see
you next see ya
