hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today I'm going to be reacting to BTS
new music video which is exciting I'm
pretty sure I say this like every video
now but it's really interesting to me
that I got introduced to a lot of these
artists only like a matter of months ago
and now I'm getting to catch and react
to new music as it comes out that's
really cool and is an easy way for me to
get excited to film a video so before we
get into it if you are new here make
sure you click Subscribe and turn on
notifications so you don't miss any
videos that I upload right let's do this
BTS fake love this already looks like
the opening to a TV show it's another
dance routine yes I remember the last
couple I watched didn't really have that
much of like a normal dance routine so I
really came to see them like do some
crazy synchronized dance moves again
oh yeah I'm diggin that chorus
my gurus just looking at the lyrics that
I've caught it seems like this song is a
little bit of a deep topic for them
oh I think I've just realized something
so I'm not sure if this is the correct
interpretation but a lot of songs that
are like fake love and everything have
like a topic of everything we did was
all alive because you did something bad
it's very very often about the other
person where it's really interesting to
see what seems to be a song that's like
our love was fake because I wasn't real
I wasn't true to you like even this line
mold a pretty life for you it sounds
like they're saying like tried to act
like I was perfect or something I just
find that really cool
I want to know what their budget is like
for these music videos okay now I'm a
little bit confused so obviously you
know verses can have different meanings
and that may be what they've done here
but it seems like the first verse was
about how they weren't real and now
they're talking about how the other
person was saying that they're not real
or maybe it's okay I'm gonna guess that
maybe there'll be a last verse that will
have undertones of like them kind of
realizing it so intro was sort of a set
up about how they feel then this verse
seems to be like their denial phase in a
way and I wonder if the last verse will
be sort of their acceptance I guess to
narrow it down into the five stages of
grief I don't know
are those like candy bars
I love the way they transition between
my who's the current lead singer of the
of the line or the verse or whatever
like they did just then everyone stopped
moving except for one person
this is gorgeous but how chill was that
guy just sitting in a chair while the
entire place bird
such incredible dances it just makes me
jealous of not being able to dance that
well
that course is supa dupa catch a hundred
percent that'll be in my head later on
like I have zero doubt okay so I'm not a
hundred percent sure of the meaning but
I think I'm gonna take away my first
interpretation because there were kind
of a lot more lines that focus on hiding
your true self in a way it's like our
love was fake because I was hiding my
true self which i think is pretty cool
because it's a song that like in essence
places the blame on the singer and
that's a really interesting take to me
kind of admitting your faults and
admitting where you went wrong however
it could also be that due to the
relationship they felt like they
couldn't be their true self and that's a
different story but I guess with that
what I'm gonna do is leave it up to you
what did you take away from that music
video I mean first of all did you enjoy
it did you not and how did you interpret
those lyrics and those visuals I'm
really really curious to see what you
think especially when things like that
can be left open to interpretation it's
really really cool to have a bunch of
different voices say what they got from
it so make sure you pop down in the
comments below and let me know your
thoughts thank you very much for
watching and I hope you enjoyed the
video don't forget to click that like
button and as always have an awesome
time until I see you next see ya
