hello that everyone my name is Mecca
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
I've received a lot of requests for this
song especially after my last design
video is called let me before we start
if you're new here make sure you click
Subscribe turn on notifications so you
get notified any time I upload a video
you don't want to miss those sweet sweet
YouTube notifications three two one
Allah this already seems like it's a
legit like movie
man I love this trend of having like
tidal cards on music videos I find that
so interesting yeah that's groovy my
gosh see wearing like a floral shirt I
guess I dig it man is really hitting
those high notes again this is oh okay I
didn't expect this to turn into like
guns and stuff pointing I'm confused as
to what the storyline of this video is
but I'm trying to decipher it
see one thing that I've noticed and I'm
pretty sure I mentioned it in the last
same video he's really gone his own
creative way I think listening to this
I'm starting to understand his decision
to leave one direction because it really
seems like Zane's passion is more making
I guess what I'd call chill pop plus
being a solo artist who really lets him
show off his voice and I didn't ever see
this impressive falsetto coming out of
name but I guess that's probably just
because I zero idea about them
if you let me be your man I'll take care
of you going into a fistfight what's
even happening I'm guessing is like a
spy
Zain bond oh oh what you gonna do Zayn
uh-huh he's turned on you
oh damn she a spy too feels like I just
watched a James Bond short film to be
continued
there's more the story goes on okay so I
have absolutely no idea of what I just
watched I liked it but I'm just unsure
of what it was so I guess I won't focus
on that all that much and I'll talk
about the music I actually really liked
it but that's really not surprising to
me because I'm quiet into that like
chill pop sort of vibe I also
occasionally like to listen to chillstep
I know I'm stepping outside of my
comfort zone I feel like I'm just gonna
never stop being impressed by artists
that can do so much with like so little
in regards to composition there really
wasn't all that much involved in that
song and yet it was just a really good
solid song and I think that's especially
important for Zayn simply because his
voice especially when he sings like
falsetto is so good and in a weird way
also kind of soft I don't mean like
volume wise I mean like it's very gentle
so it makes a lot of sense to keep the
song gentle around it but just because I
say it's gentle it doesn't mean that it
doesn't have like a beat or a fit and I
think that's something that I've really
enjoyed seeing the evolution of in pop
music and hearing songs like this one
that is catchy and has a beat and can
make you get into a groove but it really
doesn't feel domineering and it
certainly doesn't feel like you're
having like music blasted at you which
for me is sometimes a little bit full-on
I know I sound so old that turn the
music down Kansas and I hope you
understand what I mean so with that said
I would love to hear your thoughts did
you enjoy that song also let me know if
you have any thoughts on what that music
video was about it seems it was like a
spy that
in love with a woman and then kicked
everyone's butt in a club I don't know
if you could shed some light on the
story I'd be very appreciative I'm gonna
stick with that I'm gonna stick with it
being like Zane bond because that amuses
me and I kind of love it and I hope that
the continuation is like just as weird
and just as spy-ish so thank you very
much for watching I hope you enjoy the
video don't forget to click that like
button and as always have an awesome
time until I see you next see ya
