hello everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
so today we're doing a music reaction to
a band called why don't we I've had a
lot of requests for this video and I can
see that they actually released a music
video like three weeks ago so on I on
point with my timing right if you are
new here make sure your head down below
click subscribe and turn on
notifications so you get notified any
time I upload a new video all right so
let's get stuck into it okay so the
first song we're gonna be listening to
is called trust fund baby and this is
the music video that was released like
three weeks ago so how keen am i right
now so keen so keen is the answer oh my
god I am such a sucker for old style
cars like that
this is like way more hype than I was
expecting I kind of expected something
similar to One Direction I guess I'm
down for it
one thing I love about doing videos like
this is my expectations are constantly
blown out of the water
boys a sucker for songs that have clicks
like that oh man that chorus really hit
I loved that beat this is like some
weird mix of like hip-hop rock that's
confusing me I just fall in love with
any tiny robotics not gonna lie it's
really weird cuz there's like this odd
mix of new technology mixed with old
style reminiscent imageries this
essentially seems like a love song to
tomboys which I'm down for Ubu I don't
know what that was
this seems to be this trend of like
dance circles in music videos lately
which I'm not complaining about because
it does make for a really interesting
visual that was not at all what I was
thinking it was gonna be but I think I
actually liked it more than what I
thought it was gonna be like I built up
this image in my head and I kind of
thought that I wouldn't like it but that
wasn't bad it's not really my kind of
song but I get a hundred percent see why
someone would like that and it's
definitely the kind of song that's like
gonna get a groove out of you like if at
the very least you're like tapping your
foot or nodding your head you're gonna
be dancing like a little bit alright I'm
super keen to hear this next song which
is called something different let's do
it
such a nice simple plain title card this
is a really cool intro to a music video
kiss like it's not too often you see
like point of view style shots steady by
their head painted in nineteen oh my
gosh this reminds me of high school
oh my god oh it's gonna be that song oh
no it's not is it that was cool
that's very creative okay that week a
perfect pizza this is kind of more what
I was expecting
oh my gosh man I really like music
videos that kind of take creative
license with how they're going to show
the video it's cool I'm not enjoying the
song as much as I enjoyed the last song
but I'm actually enjoying the music
video for this one quite a lot more than
I enjoyed the previous one you know even
though
man they'll have really nice clean
voices though I haven't really heard any
mumbles or any off notes or anything
that I couldn't acknowledge as good
singing
I was just bumping my head wasn't I oh
my gosh what have I become I was a
grandpa when I started this series music
I just seem to live in a little bit of a
pop music bum and I'm like dance yeah
interesting how a band can make a music
video so engaging even without really
doing all that much in it it was just a
bunch of really cool transitions and a
sort of walk through an art gallery
directed by Logan pull wow that's that's
a surprise and that was impressive
overall I wasn't really that big a fan
of that song it kind of got a little bit
repetitive for me and I might be wrong
here but it didn't really feel like
those much of a message behind it which
is fine it sounded good and definitely
came from a place of talent like they
can definitely sing and they have
musical ability but I was actually
really just blown away by that video I
thought that was really creative really
interesting really engaging and I'm
actually a little bit disappointed that
it was so short if that's any kind of
indication on what I thought of the
video all right let's move onto the next
one this is called these girls looks
like it's another creative video
okay so it's like a song about the kind
of girl that you want I guess
it seems like they have this weird
fluctuation between really puppy uppity
beats and sort of low-key stuff going on
it's confusing that's what I'll tell you
what it's confusing I just want to point
out that they're literally judging women
right now oh the ones that you bring
home to mama are the ones that love all
the drama so the band members are saying
that they want drama or that they're
trying to avoid drama that was something
this one's also directed by Logan Paul
well co-directed by Logan Paul you know
I've noticed something in these three
music videos and this might get me a bit
of hate but I have to say it I feel like
all of them look so much alike they
brothers or something quintuplets what's
going on I'm gonna google it no it looks
like they're not related they look so
similar and even a lot of them dressed
in them but maybe that's part of it
maybe it's like this whole ensemble
everyone's got a similar style sort of
thing I can definitely see that being a
thing and maybe that's what they go for
actually had no idea that Logan Paul
directed but the thing is that last
video is kind of exactly what I would
expect from a video directed by Logan
Paul the one before it
I'm actually impressed as weird as that
is for me to say like that was autistic
and impressive I mean good job to the
band and a good job too Logan oh yes
okay now the last time we're gonna be
listening to is called nobody got an R
oh it looks like this is actually filmed
in public and I actually got your rose I
thought you're really cute she's
thinking she hit the jackpot Jeremy
oh there you go now they look different
maybe I was just seeing things earlier
it's weird that now that they're all in
the same outfit I'm like oh yeah they
totally look different but before when
they were in different outfits I was
saying they the same they got to be
swooning right yeah she's definitely
swooning I was gonna say even I would
probably be like oh boy this song's kind
of showing off more of how their vocals
all blend together they've got that
harmonization going off that was like
the weirdest mix of suave and completely
awkward I mean yeah he does look like a
little baby gotta go fast all right so
after all that I have to say the band's
not really for me I can a hundred
percent see the appeal and they clearly
have a lot of talent and that was
definitely shown in that last video when
they had that footage of them singing
without any instruments without any
backing just their voices by themselves
and you can really tell that they have
strong voices and that they know how to
use them which especially for what seems
to be a bunch of young singers that's
always incredibly impressive whether or
not you like their voices you have to
acknowledge that they are very
technically correct and technically good
alright so those are my thoughts on why
don't we I want to hear yours do you
like the band do you not like the band
what do you think of those videos in
particular are there any other songs you
reckon I should listen to I am always
always keen to hear your thoughts thank
you very much for watching I hope you
enjoyed the video please don't forget to
hit that like button and as always have
an awesome time until I see you next see
ya
