hello everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're going to be reacting to the
midnight memories album by one direction
in the past we have done some album
reactions a couple of times I've
actually listened to the whole album
I don't really actually like doing that
because it feels like I'm so rushed for
time otherwise the video will be like 40
minutes long so what I'm gonna do is
what I've done for a couple other videos
is just kind of pick like four songs
from the album and listen to them just
to kind of get a feel for the album and
be able to talk about the songs more in
depth full disclosure by the way I
actually have listened to one song from
the midnight memories album which is the
best song ever I did that in my very
first One Direction reaction video
before we start though if you are new in
make sure your head down below click
subscribe and enable notifications so
you get notified any time I upload a new
video you don't want to miss if I reacts
to your favorite solo artist all right
so let's get cracking I'm gonna start
with a song called story of my life
this seems to be an incredibly popular
song it looks like they're developing
the photographs wow that was a really
cool way of having a title card digging
this guitar riff going okay I like a
nice simple acoustic guitar riff and
I'll be
I get this is when Zayn was in here
there's one extra voice to melt in here
Wow that's usually kind of really cool
what's really cool about this is that it
will resonate with a lot of people
because like I have incredibly dorky
photos from my childhood I'm getting
nostalgic and these aren't even my
photos I'm actually liking the verses
more so than the choruses
awesome I wonder if they actually used
all these photos or if it's just like
some kind of visual effect well that was
a very SuperDuper sweet song that I
really liked well the song itself I
thought was okay I loved that music
video I really liked the low-key sort of
acoustic vibe that was felt through the
verses not too big a fan of that chorus
but that just might be because I don't
think it quite built itself up enough to
get to that chorus it just kind of felt
like the chorus came big out of nowhere
which can work I just don't really think
it worked for me and that song but
honestly those visuals were just so
beautiful that I don't even really care
I think it's always really important
especially for when you're big and
successful like One Direction to sort of
remember where you came from I think
that's important regardless of who you
are but it's really nice to see people
acknowledge not just what has happened
in their life but the people that have
been in their life and all the things
they've done to help now I'm getting
really really corney's that we're gonna
move on to the next song this one is
called Diana it's just a lyric video so
know one direction music video for this
one unfortunately alright let's do it
let's see this song biggest art in one
direction normally has feels a bit more
punk-rock II almost I'm okay with it but
this actually doesn't sound like one
direction this almost sounds like
something from the late
this is the catchy song for Shores and
I'm gonna be saying this
okay okay I like this see it's funny
because a lot of you probably wouldn't
expect me to like this but it's just the
kind of thing that I'm like how can you
not enjoy that wow this is sounding
really late-night they don't want to
sound like the police this is making me
feel like I'm back in my teenage years
that feel when you realize you're so old
so lyrics wise I'm not really digging
this and that's fine because the tune is
like infectious that's my you imagine if
you're in a club and this song came on
and you just saw me here you'd avoid me
wouldn't ya it'll probably avoid me
anyway they're really hitting their
notes really well in those choruses it's
kind of hard to jump so high with your
notes and then come back down so
impressive vocal wires as well yeah
lyrics wives with that song not really a
big fan mostly just because it felt like
kind of every other song like that in
regards to its lyrics and story but just
that course man that chorus gets me I'm
probably gonna add that to my playlist
and then I'll be unabashedly dancing out
that in the car all right now I'm moving
on to the song called midnight memories
from the album midnight memories so this
is kind of the ones that I was like
alright this is the one we have to
listen to and that we're gonna listen to
and it's gonna be great so considering
the album is named after this I have a
big expectations one day do not let me
down
they're really getting a bunch of
different styles with this alpha month
this is reminding me of another band but
I cannot put my finger that's cool I
didn't really put it together the
midnight memories would actually be
about making midnight memories because
actually some of the best memories I
have have been after like some big party
at midnight or 1 a.m. chilling in the
car park of some fast food store so this
resonates with me sure
it's such a classic riff there isn't it
yeah I thought so I was like is that a
motor black or is it a mobile mobility
scooter I was not disappointed
One Direction just has a thing for
making kind of fun entertaining music
videos don't they release top secret
you're not girls it's the traditional
party story isn't it you have a party
you get kebabs you hook up with some old
ladies and then steal the police file
everyone's done that was a really fun
music video as well like I said they
just have a talent for making these fun
and entertaining music video can you
imagine though if you owned that kebab
shop and then just one day you get like
an email or someone comes in and says
hey can we shoot a giant music video for
one of the world's most famous bands
here because that okay do you mind one
thing I want to say like if I'm being
totally honest in quite a few of these
reaction videos that I do sometimes I
struggle to sit through the whole music
video because I get like a little bored
but I some of them doesn't happen that
often but it has happened in the past
but I don't actually think that's
happened for any of One Direction's
music videos because whether or not I
like the song whether or not I like the
vocals the visuals or even the music
video itself they're just always
engaging and they don't make them drag
on like that one was only three minutes
and 20 seconds or something like that
it's nice and bite-sized well composed
well-constructed and it can just
really fly by like I said even if you're
not really enjoying the music video not
that you can credit the band entirely
with that because there's a lot of
people that go into the production of
your music video but just overall I
think that's quite impressive now we're
on to the very last song we're going to
be listening to which is called strong
cool stuff
okay the lyrics are kind of cool so
instead of like writing a kind of
generic love song it seems that angle
they're going for is like there's
nothing inherently wrong with drawing
strength from your partner and there's
definitely nothing wrong with being
vulnerable in a relationship like is
that so wrong is it so wrong I like that
because I'm a big fan of sort of west
sharing the values that we have I guess
society in a way tells us how it's so
wrong to like be vulnerable with your
partner not allowed not allowed when of
course that's not the case
this song's catchy as well especially
because it's so easy to make out the
lyrics
to make me strong so like I said I
actually like the message behind that
and this to me is the really interesting
thing whenever I do a One Direction
video I generally tend not to like the
music that much if anything I enjoy the
music videos and more so than the actual
music I really think that they sing
about and deal with some important stuff
and there's anything like a few songs
that I've listened to by them where I've
felt that it's kind of not really about
and a thing that it's just like a studio
written pop hit which I've been very
pleasantly surprised by like I said I
always like on people question society's
values and I think the way that a lot of
us view relationships is kind of weird
obviously it's not really a good thing
if you were like a hundred percent
dependent on your partner you need to be
able to be your own person but I think
people either go one extreme or the
other people think you always have to be
like I cannot live without you I would
literally die and everything that I am
is you and I need you and I and I give
my heart entirely to you or I just don't
care and there's a whole lot of middle
ground there where a lot of healthy
relationships lie so I think it's kind
of refreshing to hear a song that's kind
of just about being vulnerable with your
partner I like that a lot and I think
it's a good message so I think that's a
very good note to end this video on but
I want to hear your thoughts what do you
think dragon I've got any of the
meanings of those songs wrong is there
anything I say that you disagree with or
do you just agree with me is there
anything I've said that you agree with
or that you disagree with I want to hear
your thoughts and your feelings on those
songs and of course one direction as a
whole thank you very much for watching I
hope you enjoyed the video please don't
forget to give this video a big old
thumbs up and as always have an awesome
time until I see you next see ya
