I don't know everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
so a little bit ago I did a reaction
video to BTS the kpop band it went
really really well seemed like people
really enjoyed it and I got a lot of
requests to react to mic drop which is
another BTS song I did get recommended
this specifically because I do love me
some good old rats so of course that
makes me pretty King before we stop if
you are new here make sure you head down
below and click that subscribe button
and enable notifications do you get
notification any time I upload a new
video let's get into it
those things see at concerts they
sometimes give out like these weird
lighting props
seems to be one of them but I don't even
know what that was it all the dances
I've seen of them so far I've been
really pumped up fast paced but yeah it
kind of seems like leather more like
slow deep moving dance it's pretty
interesting what's the bet that as soon
as I get to play again that they're
going to go into something nuts and I'm
gonna be proven totally wrong pretty
much I was pretty much pretty rough
Oh who says my spoon is dirty dirty
spoon means you're poor I'm assuming
it's not a direct translation but I
guess I can get the gist of that one
things in there is that oddest at sing
and rap tend to have a singing voice and
then a rap voice they don't always sound
too similar and just because you like
one doesn't necessarily mean you like
the help now this guy rapping here I'm
pretty sure I heard him sing in the
previous BTS video name is pretty talent
so it's not a real small feat that I
enjoyed a singing voice and billboard
sorry worldwide so those of you who
listened to BTS but also speak English
can maybe weigh in on this and let me
know how like accurate the translations
are when it comes to these subtitles it
just says no comms in our concert and
that to me seems like something that
would only really make sense in English
so the other stuff that I've listened to
about these guys which is quite artsy by
the fact that it's pop and everything
music videos were very artsy
and they had very pointed messages in
their songs where this to me sort of
seems almost like a short track which i
think is kind of cool
we'd definitely rather have an artist
like channel or the lookout awesome we
got into one song as opposed to let it
go through all of their songs because I
like when songs have a clear direction
and message and if you start adding in
too many layers it can get weird and
modeled and confused so you know if
you're gonna do a song that's look at me
I'll go
the guy in the gray like sweatpants and
jump up they like dying of heat stroke
right now wouldn't it be so hot I guess
you got to make sacrifices to look good
right I love that slick meatball that's
a really really nice beat to it I also
think beats yes are in a quite unique
position because one thing that's really
really popular right now and really
really cool is the sounds you can make
with seven people singing at the same
time so you can get such a unique
awesome sound coming from the one man
gotta say it's really awesome that
seemingly every one of them can rap so
well when's the last time you seen a
group of seven people bowl of which can
hold their Arlo rapping and sing and
dance and too much talent for like one I
love the dance routine I mean look I'm
not even really a fan of BTS with a
music but if they were coming to my town
I 100% got a bunch of in constant just
because I think it would be such an
entertaining show the head wouldn't
really want this actually that's a
question for you to answer in the
comments have you ever seen BTS live if
you have what were they like was because
it is big and crazy and fun as I'm kind
of imagining it would be
so it seems I might a little bit
mistaken with what I said earlier on how
it was like a look at what some I am
attract because it kind of seems like
it's not just that they're also sort of
going after their hey let's people to
maybe hate on them because they're like
a boyband or that they sold out that
sort of stuff things that people hear
time and time again in the pop industry
seems like it's them sort of putting
their haters in their place which I like
actually it's amazing to me how many
people are so ready to dish up hate and
dish out such harsh criticism is gonna
hate live your life man baby dad dad dad
if you're a creative person that do you
want to say I feel like so many creative
people get hung up by the negative
things that people say look I've even
guilty of this myself you know maybe
they'll be like a hundred lovely
comments from people complimenting my
video but then one person says something
negative and I get hung up on that for
like the next couple days so the message
that kind of does resonate with me and I
feel like it's something that you should
take into account just in your personal
life in general
that was certainly something know it's
funny despite the fact that I really
like a rap and I really like intricate
rap and I also regarded sure that was
great rapping actually don't think I
enjoyed that song as much as I enjoyed a
couple of the other ones that I listen
to in the LWT s video that I've
mentioned like four or five times I mean
so far I think my favorite song by then
is still dope I actually said in the
last video that I wouldn't really have
any of the best songs to my playlist
I'll listen to them around the house
that has been proven wrong because I
actually do have dope on my playlist set
I have listened to it it is such a great
song to listen to while you're like
walking to the train station just like
co-op and gets you ready for the day
anyway I hope you enjoyed this video let
me know your thoughts are you a BTS fan
the you new to BTS if you want to know
what you think let me know down in the
comments below also don't forget to give
this video a big old thumbs up and let
me know down in the comments who you'd
like me to react to next
thanks for watching and as always have
an awesome time until I see you next see
ya
