hello everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're going to be reacting to
louis Tomlinson and some of his solo
stuff couple of music videos a lyric
video and a performance I'm really
excited because I've done a bunch of One
Direction reactions in the past I've
also done the Harry and Niall so I'm
pretty keen to dive into Louis solo
stuff as well before we start make sure
your head down below and click that
subscribe button and also enable
notifications so you get a notification
any time I upload a new video I also
need to give a shout-out to one person
so on my Twitter and Matthew underscore
McKenna I said the one person who
retweeted my last video will get a
follow and a shout-out today that one is
going to at Isabella fire sauce thank
you so much for always supporting my
content I'm holding you right now
you are amazing now let's get listening
to so and so lame so the first song
we're going to be listening to is called
back to you featuring bb-baby been a
better wrecks are they bebe Rexha a bebe
Rexha maybe it's like fancy like Russia
maybe Russia bebe Russia fat that person
oh my god I want that jacket no word of
a lie
that is beautiful imagine being so
confident in yourself that you'd slap
that jacket on and head out and film a
music video that's amazing
I like this simple beat that's really
nice know you say you know me know me
well but these days I don't even know
myself the voice is interesting I
actually quite like the husky female
tone so that certainly scores points to
me I don't know how much she will
feature in this song but you know I
guess it's worth one yeah yeah
it's those highlights really really
nicely oh you stress me out you kill me
you drag me down yeah I'm not really
that big a fan of her voice when she's
got that belting out a note kind of
going loud for you I feel like I really
enjoy her voice when she's turned down
and a bit more husky a bit quieter with
it that's quite nice but I feel like
she's maybe trying to go a bit too big
okay voice sounds better like that the
normal friends that give me bad advice
Wow his voice is really clean he's
saving his notes I don't want to use the
word again but you're sitting as though
it's very cleanly and are you kind of
perfectly I guess is that is the way
you'd say it his pitch is really nice
there also I just really like the way
that he pronounces his words I don't we
thing to say you maybe it's just I don't
know games about their voices meld well
together do you the thing I do like the
woman's voice that I definitely prefer
Louie's voice in there and I think that
that point that I mentioned about how
she feels like she might be going a bit
to be with her nose slowly is managing
to hit difficult notes that not really
sound like he's trying to I think this
next little section as it goes into the
chorus will kind of be the defining
moment about whether that is true
I'm doing that together Senate really
really nice I think that was very well
done and I think I understand better now
the point I was trying to make with like
going too big it felt like she was
straining her voice a little bit
whereas when Lois is singing that chorus
he definitely sounds a little more
relaxed and that shows in kind of the
pleasantness of the voice but also it
helps to make him sound like a
technically very very good singer
because when you are relaxed and you can
pull those notes off and get them so
clearly it just sounds all the more
impressive
yes overall that was an extremely catchy
song and I can promise you I'll be
washing dishes later on and I'll be
singing that there were some parts of
the song that I thought were a little
bit shaky but overall
really not it's we gonna head on to the
next song which is a lyric video
entitled just like you yes I love
content that is sort of I don't know
what kind of animation you'd call this
but that's sort of like drawing
stop-motion animation I think it's
beautiful
yeah see that's cool I really really
like when they introduce visual elements
to the lyric there's a lot of lyric
video artists that just kind of put the
lyrics up with no real creativity
analyze it a constant this salsa class
seems to have a pretty cool message I
like it I think it's really cool to hear
a musician sort of not really putting
themselves on a pedestal because there
is a kind of recurring message when it
comes to a lot of music in general it is
sort of like I'm awesome and I like
seeing an artist sort of subverting that
and being like now there's a lot more to
me than just the stuff that I have
nothing like yours to
when I'm done I need somebody to talk to
that I think is a very very important
message it actually hits kind of close
to home because now with the way my
career's going I have quite a lot of
friends that are in the industry and you
know I am myself of course in the
industry whether that's film YouTube
music whatever and a lot of people feel
like they aren't really allowed to
express when they feel bad just the
other day and you rikta because occurred
in a variety show talked about how he's
been suffering with depression for like
its whole life and still they even
despite saying that and the massive
amount of support that he got there were
still people that thought that he was
ungrateful because you know he's rare
cheese famous everyone loves him like
how do you feel bad
and that's Amin is dreadful just because
someone has all this stuff going so well
in their life it doesn't necessarily
mean that they're going to be extremely
happy although they can't suffer from
depression and that is because people
who are depressed often feel that way
despite anything good that happens in
their lives I know this got quite heavy
indeed for something that is just a
reaction to a pop song but I think it is
important to note that people in
positions of fame or power like this can
still have problems and still feel bad
that got long-winded I'm sorry
I actually just realized that the
newspaper in the background is showing a
bunch of headlines about like famous
people last one I saw just then was
about Cate Blanchett some of the stuff
that she'd gone through there's a bit of
a I think this is a fantastic song and
the interesting thing is that I'm not
even really that much of a fan of the
sound of it but just a message and these
visuals and the fact that he has the
courage to deal with these issues
through this song yeah that sells it for
me I love this sort of visuals
especially like the jittering drawings
yeah I thought overall that was very
beautiful song very well done such a
good message sorry good on you love it
so this song is called just hold on and
it's by Steve Aoki and Louie this is a
bit more puppy than the other song I
wonder if that's because it's a collab
between someone I don't know who this
Steve person is but maybe their sound is
a bit more poppy I don't actually
dislike it I kind of like that little
backing track let's see where it goes
it's kind of cute I do like music videos
to let you travel between a few
different scenes and also like when
those scenes aren't just like here is
scene one and then scene - and then
scene three they actually flow through
so I mean she walked out of the venue
that she bought to the bus stop now
they're leaving the bus stop it's like
got a nice flow to it
so it's a fun little like adventure song
isn't that kinda its kind of video I'm
getting like yo let's stay up all night
and have fun and go on rooftops and
watch the Sun Rise I better say it
these two are so cute together and see
what I mean as well like even just
suddenly gone from them chillin at a bus
stop - now we're in Las Vegas and
partying I feel like it wouldn't have
been nearly as powerful because the idea
isn't this sort of on this whole thing
together and now they're here and it's
big and fun in so many like pop songs
and so many music videos I see these
like clubs who we dancing in the club
having fun in the club I don't know if
I'm alone in this but that doesn't seem
like a fun time to me I mean I don't
know I'm not really that big a fan of
dancing or being in the hot places or
loud music I don't know it's just it
doesn't seem like that fun of a place
for me
so if you just give us security got a
bunch of money they will let you in home
to this door they get America oh okay it
was a store they were getting married in
the church I should have guessed that by
the veil it can be an idiot sometimes
wait place is actually closed in Mustang
also kids don't steal so you're gonna
walk it on them that'll be really
awkward oh yeah oh they don't they
didn't book the place see if that was
their hotel room no just just a random
name do don't worry classy I'm gonna be
honest and of the three songs that I
just listened to that was my least
favorite the music video itself though I
thought was really well done like I said
I like the way that has a story I'm a
sucker for a music critter that has the
story and I'm also a suck-up the music
videos that have smooth transitions it
was very much like you're following them
on their adventure the entire way which
is pretty cool element I just didn't
really like the song itself so
unfortunately all right so the last
video I'm gonna be listening to is the
Teen Choice Awards performance of back
to you I do really like the idea of
listening to the song first and then
watching a live performance of it and
especially because I quite enjoyed the
way that voices work in the studio I'm
really interested to see what I think of
it in a live setting let's go
don't mean I'm off the notes there are
actually a little bit iffy now I'm
saying this like I said there's someone
that liked her voice and liked the song
itself just listening to that some of
those notes sound a bit flat or off-key
you know I'll give her a pass as well
because I mean I imagine there's a lot
of nerves going into this but I do hope
that's not really reflective of the
performance in general I love this set
that book going onstage though like
crazy like funhouse carnival mirrors
that's kind of cool the voices recovered
from that shaky start
try Louise key is also been talking a
little bit off I think like nothing so
massive that it would really be that big
a deal or sound bad or anything like
that but it just feels ever so slightly
off did he just kick someone yeah just
like kicked out its own maybe someone
was trying to grab his foot or something
yeah look they're grabbing at his feet
say I think he's like no stop his voice
was pretty solid throughout that but
then there was one kind of often note
when he said stop but actually with with
all that then he just sung there I think
you can actually see physically the
point that I made earlier about how low
he kind of feels quite relaxed when he's
singing in those bits so the most part
is not really very tense ease he's quite
relaxed and is sort of breathing
properly and letting it flow I went
hasn't a guess that it was that as a
sound is she going on that
you
gusano I'm addicted to your job I'm
finding this performance a bit weird
mostly just because they sort of keep
slipping in and out of keeping the whole
performance isn't bad by any stretch
it's alright but it's just I feel like
you can tell that there's a couple of
issues going on but normally in this
sort of situation your financing is a
sort of all out of key or all in key
it's not too often that you give you
kind of go in and out of Kate yeah as I
said I actually quite enjoyed that song
back to you and that team choice of all
two performances or I don't roll I just
think there were some little shaky
issues I actually went into this kind of
thinking that I would enjoy Louise songs
so I'm not as surprised that I did but I
especially like the sort of Tony Danton
bits back to you overall pretty
impressed so let me know what you
thought had you listened to Louise
before if you haven't what you think
leave your comments down below also make
sure you let me know you want me to
react to next
and don't forget to give this video a
big old thumbs up if you liked it as
always thank you for watching and have a
lovely time until I see you next say
yeah
