hello everyone my name is Mecca McKenna
and welcome back to my channel today we
are reacting to a song that I've had a
bunch of requests for both on YouTube
and Twitter and other social media
people have really wanted me to react to
perfect by edge here and this is
actually the first time in this whole
reaction series I've been doing where
I'm going to listen to a song by an
artist that I'm familiar with and that I
really really enjoy I'm actually quite a
big engineering fan mostly because of
his multiplying album I actually don't
think I've listened to anything other
than his multiply album so maybe I'm
just a fake fan but I think he's very
very talented and I really enjoy the
music he puts out actually in saying
that I realized that I have listened to
two songs from the divine album there's
a shape of you and costume on the hip
both of which I wasn't really that big a
fan enough to be honest this might sound
weird but it didn't really feel like an
Ed Sheeran song that I really know well
that said I'm pretty keen to listen to
perfect I know that this song is made us
when I'm genuinely a little bit scared I
like it which is maybe one of the
reasons that I haven't listened to it
yet before we get into it if you are new
here make sure your head down below and
click that subscribe button and enable
notifications so you get a notification
any time I upload a new video that way
you don't miss if I react to your
favorite artists let's get stuck into it
keep my love in a photograph I found
love
for me sounds like a Christmassy song I
guess that sort of makes sense with the
imagery because they were like Christmas
wreaths and some some of those well they
called baubles
this does feel a bit more ed Sheeran II
though I don't know if I'm alone in
thinking that shape of you and castle on
the hill didn't feel quite like ed but
maybe some of my fears have been put a
little bit to rest in the intro this
song follow Maddie
I found girl I never knew you what was
he thinking that he'd be spending time
alone with her and then her friend came
along and now he's bombed
I guess that's kinda what's going on I
will not give you
it's time
I might sound like a bit of a fanboy but
the way that Ed Sheeran does his like
Oracle runs and the waivers of his notes
just is almost perfect ah perfect
damn best off the high notes they're a
great I don't think I was ever really
gonna be surprised by a journey ending
some nice high no but the imagery that I
am a sucker for landscape shots I
mentioned that in the video where I
reacted to Harry Styles that I really
really liked those grand landscape shots
so that's go as far as points to me Jim
it's me
oh don't do that no no I have seen so
many movies and TV shows too
specifically not do that Edie I am
recommending your right now I'm telling
you off do not when you say they cut
away real quick so you didn't see the
aftermath of him like a ripping a little
bit of his pop off while trying to pull
it off of that pop that is really cool
oh that is real quality use of filing
right there I mentioned this a couple of
times but I don't like when people kind
of go overboard and turn violent into
overkill but in sort of pop music like
this when it's used right and I think
importantly in some songs sparingly it
sounds really really good and I think
that's an example of great usage I
honestly never seen anything like that
that is really cool too Kevin
smash secrets
yes no it looks beautiful I feel like
Americans really take it for granted in
a lot of the country because in
Australia snow is so uncommon it just
pretty much doesn't happen anywhere
except for a couple of select areas I've
only once seen snow and we had to
specifically drive to the snow fields so
that I could see it and in the like week
that I was there it only actually snowed
once though can yourselves lucky if you
get snow like this especially on
Christmas one of the things that I
really want is a white Christmas and
that's just not ever gonna happen in
Australia we get glaring heat and
sadness
it's just so Christmassy like wouldn't
Kevin emphasize jumpers lamps snow in
the background honestly this is my
aesthetic I have a winter puss and
throwing through I love winter and I
just yeah it makes me really sad but I
will literally no have anything like
that in Australia
the singing too
David so this is honestly shot like a
movie some of that framing and those
shots through the woods are beautiful
this is something that I haven't really
mentioned too often in my reaction
series but I actually quite enjoy music
videos that aren't just the person
lip-syncing moles just singing I just
prefer when it's like music accompanied
by appropriate imagery and preferably a
bit of a storyline with that said I
think it's really cool the way that this
music video has sort of managed to
transition into someone singing the song
but do it so naturally that's pretty
cool in my opinion
hey it's the phonograph she can keep him
inside the pocket of her ripped jeans
ed sheeran seems to have a thing for
solar dancing in his music video the
thinking out loud music video was just
an entirely SLR dancing and don't get me
wrong it was beautifully done I just
thought it was an interesting thing to
note that he seems to enjoy putting slow
dancing scenes into his music videos
honestly all around that was a beautiful
song and a beautiful music video I feel
kind of silly for being worried about
how that song would be now because that
was really lovely funny thing is that
even though I enjoyed it I don't really
think it's something that I would listen
to too much it's not gonna go on my
playlist but I can say that I did really
enjoy it and I do think the music video
was really beautifully done but what I
want to know is what about you did you
enjoy the song maybe you've been the
complete opposite of me maybe you've
been listening to that song non-stop for
the last month whatever it is feel free
to let me know down in the comments
below I'd love to hear your thoughts
also as always let me know if you have
any artists that you would particularly
like me to react to if they are in the
pop music sphere I probably haven't
listened to this yes yes I do live under
a rock very comfy rock it is my home but
I'm trying to gradually gradually crawl
out of that rock and understand the pop
music scene expand my horizon so let me
know who you think I should listen to
until then thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed this video
please give it a big ol thumbs up if you
did enjoy it and have a great time until
I see you next bye
