before we start if you're new to my
channel make sure you subscribe and turn
on those notifications so you get a
notification whenever I upload a new
video hello everyone my name is Becky
McKenna and it is good to see you you
know in all my many many years of being
on YouTube I have never made a reaction
video that seems crazy to me do I was
there thinking hmmm what can I do as a
reaction video and then I realized cuz
you know I really listen to that much
pop music I'm a little bit of an indie
hipster in that way it's got absolutely
nothing to do with thinking that pop
music is bad or that hipster mentality
of like I only listen to bands that have
10 likes on Facebook I just seem to live
in a little bit of a pop music bubble so
because of that I haven't listened to
like any of one direction I'm sure I've
heard a soul or two playing on the radio
at some point but I think maybe I could
name just one song so I thought I could
make a video from the perspective of
someone who's pretty much never listened
to one direction let's go up some of
their music videos I'm just literally
just gonna search in one direction the
first thing that I see the first one
that I'll click and listen to first one
that I saw was called best song ever
that's quite a claim one day better day
I live up to it
so I said to what Angelina I want I
really really want but what about bread
bread like a son to me you're a good man
I know I saw these like we had there in
Los Angeles but was that we had Boston
voice like one of them greedy
black-and-white film the loss so I said
what yeah she one direction you're
making their new movie shall I send them
in sure I love new movies is that Tom
Cruise that really looks like Tom Cruise
from what's that movie ha I'm just gonna
type in Tom Cruise bold movie
yeah in Tropic Thunder I don't know if
it's him but it definitely looks like
him I love the direction come on in guys
take a seat
nyle Louie Liam Harry Zach it said sure
probably done the bust I relate that
guys so much it's gonna be the greatest
movie of all time I'm talking Academy
Awards I can say so far I don't really
like music videos that have a huge pre
animal before the music starts like you
know I'm okay with it to an extent but
so far we're like almost a third of the
way through this music video and there's
been no music to go with the video
no the song started that sounds like
Green Day yeah yeah totally I wonder if
that's like an homage I'm not surprised
that I like Harry's voice because I've
heard Harry sing by himself he's
freaking good
if I could describe it in one sentence
it would be song that plays over band
documentary you know it's got that got
that feel of like all-time low dicking
around backstage one of those let loose
sort of songs okay so I understand now
the title best song ever is not them
claiming their pride in the best song
ever but it's a song about having a fun
time
- the best song ever I get I get it I
wish the kids I do love how self-aware
the start of that music video was though
I love when bands can poke fun the
industry let's find another song this
one is called one thing no preamble they
just went straight into the music I'm
down with that he doesn't look like any
in the band members ever see is this
featuring someone it looks like Bobo
good I'm gonna get ripped apart in the
comments on it guys I don't know who
that is someone filming in that could be
Liam maybe maybe Liam another
interesting fact I actually have a
cousin whose name is William Payne
spelled exactly the same way
dancing in the bathroom one pair on the
left that's me at parties I'm dancing
and dancing
alright the musical conversation of that
it's actually quite pleasant on the news
I'm loving those suspenders man I've
always liked I've always wanted to wear
suspenders but I've always felt like I
could not pull it off like even slightly
so kudos man kudos one thing I really
like so far that I think really works in
their favor and is probably a big reason
that they're kind of such a hit is that
they all have very distinct sounding
voices they're all very independent and
very unique and they're very good
singers all by themselves
which explains why any of them could
have solo careers
it seems like these are actual fans that
are part of this video and that's really
cool to me I love one bands and any
creative person gets their audience so
involved in the content they're creating
like and I mean if all these girls are
acting they're doing fantastic jobs
that song is just gonna be in my damn
head I will be making dinner later
tonight and be like get up
like literally gap my head goddamnit
some it's already there it's already
affecting me alright let's pick another
song history okay let's do this make
history for me oh that's really sweet it
starts with them on The X Factor you
little munchkins this so young and then
it flashes to the current year where how
he looks like Fabio
first of all I love the music video
style of this seeing all the sort of
day-to-day behind the scenes food that's
really cool the start of that song my
god that was my jam I love that sort of
like 20 guitar really chill vibe I
listened to a lot of that stuff in
general the chorus you know it's alright
I suppose they had to make it a bit more
poppy but so far that my favorite part
has been like that first 20 seconds or
so
but you see what I mean they all have
such unique voices and it's really
amazing to me that when they all sing
together they can build so well almost
sounds like a whole quiet
this music video just makes me literally
want to do that let me get a bunch of
friends lined up and all right I think
we'll listen to one more song it's so
hard to choose one to listen to so I'm
just gonna scroll through and pick one
at random with my eyes closed night
changes so the guy that left I'm pretty
sure that's the dude that last set a
toffee apple I want to talk me about
this whole thing looks like it would've
been so fun to film I love my skating I
love carnivals and I love wine and
dinner it's also really interesting the
way it's shot I don't think I've really
seen it like this before it's like a
point of view date sort of thing
my favorite think about all these music
videos so far kitchens
I love pigeons I feel like if you get
punched he's gonna get punched okay not
quite punched
with our God if I'd learned anything
from the movie blades of glory is do not
do that stuff did you see that that
get the Swan around what the hell
it's literally like that move from
blades of glory that last video knife
changes that was actually a really
really fun music video and it's funny
because at the start I was a bit like oh
it's kind of like they're doing this is
what it would be like to go on a date
with us but then everything started to
go wrong that was fun I liked that video
a lot so to me the thing about One
Direction is that well they're not quite
my cup of tea I enjoy listening to the
move they're on the radio I don't know
if it's something that I'd actually seek
out and put on my phone although I'm
going to put history on my playlist well
you can literally do it right now add to
library so I mean they have it doing
this video and reacting to one direction
has actually made me put on one
direction song on my phone but even
though as I said they're not exactly my
cup of tea I can acknowledge they have
amazing talent and I really think they
deserve all the success that they've
gotten I mentioned I would be doing some
shoutouts for people who retweeted my
previous video and they are at AFL
m√©ndez underscore and at cronin Vanita
thank you so much for supporting me make
sure you go follow me on Twitter because
that's how you'll hear about when I'm
doing shoutouts like that so thank you
so much for watching this video I hope
you enjoyed it let me know your thoughts
about one direction
had you ever really listened to them
before and if not what you think did you
agree with what I said also let me know
what other bands you'd like me to react
to because if they are a pop band I can
almost guarantee you I haven't listened
to them and I hope you have a lovely
time until I see you next
bye bye
