so I recently got my hands on a straight
blade I have never tried one before
because they terrify me it's literally
just one blade and you can easily
accidentally just slice your skin open
and so I've just never had any interest
in using one but my friend gave me this
one recently and I thought you know what
let's try this and why not try it in
front of a camera because people for
some reason like watching people try new
things on camera so that's what we're
gonna do or at what to do this thing
open up this package this is from the
shavers Club have fun see anatomy of a
straight razor back blade Tang shank
handle okay how to use your razor there
we go open it up oh I have to put the
blade in first that's smart with a
blades are so thin look at that it bends
I did not know that I always thought it
was like super thick and sturdy separate
these two things oh there we go
Oh open this up put the blade between
the two and close it shut oh my god this
does not feel this does not feel right
guys really suppose to put the blade
here uh close it and ah oh my god no
we're good we're gonna have the left
it's me luck we don't say bismillah
that's why some laughs matter him Larry
like Allah make sure had it and then
close this shut apparently
it keeps falling out okay there we go we
have the blade in the razor we have that
much hold it like a so and then just
start
just that's it that's just okay no I
need to gel up my face I don't actually
use shaving cream I use conditioner like
regular hair conditioner that's really
smooth and it keeps skin hydrated if you
put shaving cream you can't see the line
you can't see where you are you have to
just guess it's good if you're trying to
just completely shave your face but it's
very unhelpful if you're just trying to
clean up so let's see this thing I feel
like it's weird that I'm doing this
inside of a room but I was like I'm not
about to go in the bathroom and she with
this because that's I think I feel like
that's weird
so the room it is a little bit of what
I'm very nervous about this you guys not
exactly sure how this is gonna turn out
but in the LAT island okay when to dip
this in the water okay where do I start
I don't want to start on my neck I just
need to remember to go perpendicular to
the blade do not go parallel to the
blade otherwise I will slice my face
open smell that oh yeah
it comes off so it cuts it so easily huh
well I figure I I'm impressed
what like hey this is what I'm at a lot
of typically I thought I was gonna be
it's literally just like as soon as I
touch it with the razor just the hair
just it's not that bad but my main
concern however is my neck that's a very
delicate place and I often cut myself
with a normal blade let alone or
straight blades ah
now that that was fine that wasn't me my
friends at 30-degree angle
this is 90 45 30 there we go uh-huh look
how much you got in one stroke that is
terrifying hmm should dab it up a little
bit
I have a scar there I thought I'm just
gonna cut it open I'm honestly very
surprised this is a lot easier than I
thought it was gonna be the hair
literally just gets sliced right off am
i bleeding
oh no that's just red hair a lot of
people have noticed that my pictures
where there's a lot of sunlight in the
shot my chin hair is basically red it's
like straight up red and then the hair
here is like blonde and that's why you
can't there's actually hair here but you
can't see it because blonde because my
dad when he was a kid had blond hair
then it turned into red hair and
eventually turned to brown and then
black and so I just have all of that on
my face thanks Bob Oh sounds like I
dipped my chin straight up in head and I
just okay that makes sense this is easy
this is gonna be near impossible to like
pull it or something huh oh my god that
felt like a cut no wait that was a cut
it was a cut we got one do um it's a
little small one but my goal was to not
cut myself but I just failed at that you
can see a little blood no blood thing
okay listen I'm really nervous about the
neck for those of you who have never
shaved your neck your neck areas really
sensitive it cuts really easily so this
is a very nerve-wracking stage
okay no cut whoa that was fast slow down
slow down there Supes
what you doing actually I feel like I
have more control over the blade as
opposed to a normal plate interesting
because usually I have a hard time with
my Adam's apple area with the normal
blade because it doesn't contour to it
but this gives you good access to it
although obviously I can now easily
slice my neck open but hmm I keep on
feeling like I just cut myself that's
extremely uneven but am I supposed to go
fast or slow though like that's really
interesting except that this would be
the most difficult spot but this is
actually the easiest but hmm well it's
not completely done I usually shape it
like this and then I trimmed this so it
has a nice fade to it but I'm not gonna
tell on camera cuz you all may see that
but I don't think I don't think I can
get my lip I don't
it's easy to commute you to my right but
it's like possible to do my left
interesting do something cleaning up I
feel like I should do that I should try
the my lip again cuz that's just not
okay okay now it looks weird I don't
know how to get to it it's like it's
like heaven did you uh
no we're good oh here we go you know
what I am pleasantly surprised I was not
expecting it to be that easy obviously
like the small little baby cut wasn't
ideal but now I know not to do that
again it's very precise I'm getting like
the specific hairs out of the way it's
truly hard to get into the small spots
with a big razor because it's big and
there's like five blades I don't
understand if this does all the job with
one blade why do they put five well I've
just put this one blade on the normal
one and then call it a day but I will
definitely definitely be using this mug
right here I should probably take the
blade out and stop waving it cuz that's
not that's not safe do I look clean edge
out tutorials I'll put a link to the
shavers club website if any of you would
like to purchase this which I highly
recommend if you are a guy even though
I'm what's my followers are girls but I
still have guy followers they're there
they're learning
I'll see you guys later ruse
