so I turned 25 today probably the only
age that I've ever looked forward to
because I can now run cars without
having to pay the under HP like I didn't
care about eighteen or twenty-one
because I got on smoke or drink or need
to get into a club but I do rent cars
and so I'm pretty freakin Tercel big one
but the older you get the faster things
start changing like everything just
keeps changing at a very rapid pace and
so I want to start making a birthday
type video where I briefly go over what
my life is like at this very moment in
time a way to document my life to where
I can look back and relive how things
were at this point in my life so yeah
this is me this is my current hair which
is kind of a hot mess this is my room
this is my bed these are my glasses that
were inspired by my grandfather whom
I'll is named after this is my phone
case this is what I wake up to every
morning this is how the Sun rises in my
room these are my favorite shoes that
I'm definitely overdoing this is my
favorite sweater this is my favorite hat
which I'm also overdoing this is a view
from my room this is my sight table and
this is my water glass I do have a class
just for drinking waters this is my view
five times a day this is where I find
most peace this is my dresser this is
the watch I wear everyday even though I
do have other watches these are my
leftover automobile decorations this is
my current book this is my desk this is
my candy jar this is my youtube silver
button this is my current favorite song
to play
these are my keys
that I enjoy hooking onto my pants as
tacky as that may seem this is my wallet
this is my car and this is the view from
inside my car this is my favorite mug
with my favorite drink inside oughta be
tea with mint and vanilla cream this is
my computer desktop which is definitely
obnoxious Turner this is my go-to cheap
cologne and this is my go-to expensive
cologne this is my dog Zuzu what I love
very much this is my workspace this is a
mustahab that I take almost everywhere I
go and these are a few of my favorite
memories from the past year I'm very
blessed and I have no one to thank about
God he is truly the most giving indeed
Angela
you
