whoa how are the already comments I just
started this ha ha ha
hello people's I don't know how this
works oh I'm just gonna see her and wait
a little bit until this figures it out
mmm what's up y'all don't put this on
the tripod thing
hello a lion a see how is everyone and
shovel everyone's doing great
climb to the elf hair inshallah Ramadan
Mubarak and Hanukkah mashaallah well
well well well hat who had kept it a car
cooler who mister hey how am I supposed
to read all this okay well I'm gonna let
people join in really quick and then
I'll start through what there's
livestream Ramadan Mubarak you guys and
Shalala you guys are all having an
amazing Ramadan today is the second day
for us here in Texas it is what time is
it right now
it is 5:35 and we don't break fast for
another three hours
we eat at 5:30 and we have family coming
over so I need to do this before the
family comes over but yes I did fast
obviously I fasted you guys we fast here
in Texas for 16 and a half hours so it's
not that good we stopped eating at five
five o'clock in the morning and then we
break fast at 8:30 okay so I guess I'll
just go ahead and start by this video
okay so basically if anybody saw my New
York City clothing haul video so much I
get in my room shooting I'm shooting I'm
recording Yusef
you can see it's alive it's a live
stream like they're watching my alright
yeah so I need to continue I love from
Indonesia hello for Indonesia yeah keep
it out of it I should alot of you
thought you thought you said suck it up
on us okay so basically if you saw my
New York City clothing haul video um I
bought a bunch of clothes and I was in
New York a lot and I thought I said in
the video that when I um basically Yusef
can you close the door seriously so I'm
not joking please close the door oh no
this is weird
so basically if you watch again for the
billionth time um if you watch my New
York City clothing haul video I bought a
bunch of clothes when I was in New York
and I said to myself that because I
bought so many clothes that I would go
through my old my old clothes and give
them away kind of clear out my closet
kind of replace the clothes that I
bought and take up the ones that I
already own because I actually haven't
gone through him I haven't like gone
through my old clothes since like high
school I think the only clothes that
I've ever given out was a junior high
and before but everything from high
school on until now I have not looked
through and it's just been sitting in my
closet and so now I'm gonna go through
it I wanted to go through all of them
with y'all because um I feel like now
would be a good time as it is Ramadan
and I can go through the clothes and and
shot a lot tried to donate them to find
a charity to give to or like give it to
one of those those shops that buy
clothes and then take the money and then
do something with the money with the
charity of some sort but either way I
would like to start I need to start
basically I have like all these clothes
I just pull that out of my closet and it
is how can I flip this camera thing is
there a flip thing there is is
I have like all these clothes this is
just like not even all of it and then
all those clothes and then this huge tub
of clothes and there's actually another
tub in my closet but I did not get it
out and I felt we should get it out
before we start but whatever I'm gonna
put y'all let me plug in this thing hi
from Palestine hello Allah lol alone you
have a lot of clothes Michele okay this
is not I don't have like a billion
clothes and this huge ass this huge
closet basically these are all my
clothes since high school which was 2007
so 2007 until now 10 years these are all
the clothes that I've had since then so
it's not that much I would like to point
out the tricked let me put y'all on this
thing and then we shall start going
through these clothes do y'all hear the
the next sheet music because it's a time
alone how am I supposed to go through
all these comments is going by so fast
will you marry me no okay let's go oh
this is also very interesting because
you'll kind of see how my clothing style
has evolved over time because it
definitely it definitely once it went
through some weird periods when I was in
college and so you can see that lets go
through oh god okay one stop a little
guy right here I need to make a stack
the pile well I don't really actually
didn't really think this completely
through um I'm assuming that I'm giving
most of these away but I feel like there
are some pieces where I'm gonna look at
it and be like yo this is this needs to
stay this needs to stay with me so let's
do this thing oh my god looks like I'm
singing a mess pile clothes mm okay
there you okay okay this is what this is
what I was talking about when I said I
was in college and I went through a very
interesting period this is one like big
prints and and interesting prints were a
thing and so I don't know why I bought
this like it's so exaggerated like what
is this I don't know but what actually
wouldn't mind wearing this now actually
with my name this now but it's too small
so it has to go it's gotta go going away
pile oh I actually like this this was
not that long ago look at these I don't
know why I ad out of nowhere I got like
this this really this really big like
urge to have weird patterns and like
really interesting it like colors and
stuff like that I don't know what it's
like a bunch of blue I don't know what
this is doing I don't know why I got
this is that your mom's no rude this is
mine okay but this is gonna go away see
I actually wouldn't actually wouldn't
mind wearing this now but it's too small
it's all mediums now and I need a large
Lucy this is what how do i when did I
ever think I was going to wear this like
this is so bright I mean in the kit is
it
yeah it looks just as bright as it
actually is actually better in the
camera it's actually that bright it's
like a bright pink salmon which is gonna
go in the giveaways because
do that Oh see this is like this is like
this is this was like high school see
how this was very basic very simple
black and white and then when I hit
college things got weird and things got
a little low a little out there you are
a hoarder I'm not a hoarder again these
are clothes from high school it has been
10 years this is like the collection of
clothes over the past 10 years that I've
been buying clothes and so you were
experimenting I was Stan I'm like my
lover got to why Dickman have to love it
again stop talking over to put on it's
not put on smarty its Nasheed rude these
are all men's clothes though yeah I'm a
man so I would wear men's clothes you
wore that in the video I think I did 10
years Wow how old are you I'm 24 you
guys love your simplicity be in minimal
ok so this is the thing like I'm looking
at this stuff now like when I wasn't in
college that did go through a little bit
of interesting pattern phase but like
for the most part when I was in high
school everything was very simple and I
didn't think about that I didn't realize
until just now when I was looking at
these clothes they're all very simple
very plain white button-up oh this is
for weddings this is when I thought that
Express was it a cool place to shop at
Express is not a cool place to shop at
unless you shop it then obviously it's
cool hi
but that's basic but it's got to go
because that is a small and I am no
longer a small you better come back to
London I actually am coming back to
London um if any of you saw my creators
for Change thing that I'm working with
with YouTube
they have like a bunch of people that
are under this program called craters
for change and we have this like they're
going to try to encourage youtubers to
post a lot of videos about social issues
and we have like this camp thing in
London this summer so after ade I think
like two days after 8:00 they're going
to be flying me out to London for like
three days and then working with other
people other other youtubers there I
don't even know where I got this says
Palestine Occupy 48 I do not honestly do
not remember even getting this actually
I probably should keep that I like that
it's not that bad your closet closet is
bigger than my house no it's not my
closet is literally literally like this
big
it showed you in earlier it's super
small will Dina Tokyo be there in the
cap I don't know she's actually a brand
ambassador for the program for creators
for change so bottom look she's actually
going to be at the program wooden will
you get married a lot and I have no idea
let's see how many pieces you'll give
away today okay wait hold on we're
keeping track we need to keep track of
this this is one two three four five
we're at five pieces that are going to
charity yeah whoo oh man I actually like
this it's like a rope it's like a rose
but it's a small like this were a large
I would have definitely kept like I
already forgot what number we're at what
number are we at was at 5 this is 6
that's going away you look how small
haha oh my god I have okay like like I
think it was snow not that long ago it
was like two years ago two years ago is
when I started like I really started
working hard to trying to gain weight
because I was underweight for the I was
under way under weight from my height
from the longest time and so then I
eventually gained way and I gained a
bunch of weight and then so obviously my
clothes like I changed size and so my
clothes stopped fitting me I was no
longer a small insurance and everything
and now I'm looking at this shirt that I
had from back then
it's small look how small is it yeah
haha how skinny do you have to be to fit
in this look at that this is so tiny are
checking this shrunk but this would not
fit me anywhere close now this is 7 now
plain black shirt yeah
why did I think this was cool this
action was not that long though which is
actually why this is kind of
embarrassing boom oh my god I got some
kind on it has 99 on it but in the 99
it's written in Leopard hockey but first
of all I got I saw it was on sale that's
why I was like ok whatever it was legit
like 4 dollars but I thought you 99 like
the 99 names of Allah I'll I can
represent her no I failed I don't think
I ever wore this this is going to go
donations we're at seven now what number
are we at who's keeping track you guys
cuz I'm not I can't
that was five six seven this is eight
well it was a good girl sure I know it
looks like a girl's shirt why is it
there so much Leopard how am I supposed
to read this come on you two pick your
stuff to give it guys we're at seven
okay this is eight leopard print shirt
is it eight oh my god
so you give me this I don't know why I
thought this was like an interesting
thing why it's so pink actually I
remember this because I bought this as a
as a large I think I bought this no
actually I bought this and it was
actually fitting it fit properly but
then I watched it one time and it shrunk
to like this big this is why I have this
is of my problem with H&M clothes was
hmm like when they first try them on
they're amazing and then as soon as you
put in the washer it just cool and I
don't even put my clothes in the dryer
look I legit hang dry
my clothes as you can see by this rack
over here but for some reason when you
just dip H&M clothes in water once they
touch water they just shrink to sizes
down donations that is 9 I think what is
this
it's another black shirt why do I have
so many black shirt oh wait no this is a
buck this is what I went through my
v-neck stage I bought everybody sang
Waldo that's so true that does look like
Waldo and it's the exact color of Waldo
this is when I went through my v-neck
stage I thought it was at the simplest
just touch and minimal touch to a plain
white a plain black or white shirt
that's gonna go because it doesn't fit
me anymore none of this fits me more
that's why this is like depressing
that's like nine I think this I believe
is not these are not my pants these are
my sister's pants I don't know why
they're in like these are obvious so
that's gonna go back to her room um I'll
see this is one I would nice this is
when I was at high school right and back
in high school in the early like early
2000s mid 2005 ish there was no hmm and
forever 21 and zara and all these places
where young guys could go shop like the
only place that had decent clothes that
fit me or at Target and I stole
chocolate heart because pockets amazing
but I bought this a long time ago when I
was at the back in the target days and
it was very simple I had a huge plaid
stage in my life which you'll you'll see
a lot back over here but I'm gonna put
this in the hold on section because this
is sentimental to me this means loved I
just came back from throw away
mashaallah from balaiah of royalty oh my
god you guys my mouth Sarge
I didn't consider the fact that I'm
fasting right now and I'm gonna be
talking this whole time so I'm not the
super driver now everybody had the ply
play face is it I thought I know there's
a thing
am I supposed to read that you're so
bright or better than my few tips one
more Apple - Alex leading inshallah we
have three more hours here okay see this
is the plaid this is literally like
almost the exact same thing but I was
like no I need both because they're
slightly different it has a little more
of a purple tint to it
high school was a very very interesting
time period in my life about hate
hangers see look at also part of the
plaid phase again not very different
from these plaids it's all blue plaids
get rid of those both I actually need to
get rid of I'm gonna get rid of this I'm
gonna get rid of anything that doesn't
fit me obviously because I'm not gonna
do that this is like what ten now then
the target ones I'm holding on to for
now I'm gonna I'm gonna decide a bit I
gotta be is enemy
I never backing shot to be me even me
Yanni and I'm a back issuance not a
beating machine me more button ups I
can't I don't know why like I have this
thing about buying the same thing but
just in different shades like I will buy
like one shirt and if they have it like
six colors I will buy all six colors
more blue plaid will not apply checkered
that is going that is like 11 or 12 oh
this is what okay so this is this was
the college phase look at kick out boy
shirt but actually don't mind it like I
don't mind the Pat oh wait no that's
like more tribal print
I'm not down to tribal stuff but
whatever it's extra small I don't know I
think now I look back and I see pictures
of myself before I gained weight I'm
like how was I ever that skinny like how
did I ever like operate and like do
things and work with that little of mate
on me
you were into interesting prints I was
this is very oh wait this is also during
the tribal print phase if y'all remember
like I think it was like five years ago
when tribal print was freaking
everywhere this was during that time
period but this has got to go cuz I
don't fit anymore that 11 oh my god okay
uh if you're a guy you know how it is
whenever it comes to like events and
weddings and stuff like that or dressing
nice and risking formally you just have
like a few button ups that you just
rotate through I went through a phase
when I all the button ups I bought were
me on like I mean bright and this was
one of them hahaha look how bright this
is look at that I thought that I could
be like I obviously I've always had this
thing about wanting to be different from
everyone else I'm like I'm not just
gonna wear what everyone else is wearing
that's lame and so my at that time this
was like six or seven years ago at that
this time I was like you know what maybe
I'll I'll get a neon colored shirt and
that'll make me the stand out from
everyone else I did I don't know who's I
still in a good way but I did forget
that is so bright it hurts my eyes
brighter than in my future
yes okay that's going that's like 12 I
think that's in the 12 you but way these
are sweats
I like that hung on we'll keep these
sweats casinos poison forever more
brightness haha but this one had front
pockets so it made it a little bit more
casual and I thought I was the coolest
person in the world it was not it was
very she's gotta go also see this is all
from they're all from expressed because
Express has this like material I don't
know if y'all know your if you're a guy
again you know but when a guy go guys go
to weddings and like you dance and
everything get really sweaty and most
button-up shirts are really hot too like
the material
not breathable at all and that's why you
see when you go to weddings and you see
guys I'm gonna take out their jacket or
their blazer and you see their shirt
it's just like soaking wet because that
material does not do good with sweat or
wetness it's just it's a horrible
material but Express had a stretchy
material that was absorbable a girl it
absorbed water really well and it
retained it well so that's why I bought
all these bright neon colored that's
gotta go
is that like 13 does your mom speak out
of E she spoke out of she would my mom
have been Kuwait for like ten years she
back then she spoke out to be fluently
because she used to hang out with my cat
that all the time but she forgot a lot
since she came back from Kuwait question
she lives in America I love from Russia
hello oh my god more button up so this
is like this is those were like the
formal button-up these are like the
casual ones again another blue one again
just I don't know what I was thinking I
had this weird thing was that 1400 my
god okay this is a purple one it's a
plum one from Target we know this from
Gap
I gots from Gap hello from Cardiff hello
from Cardiff hello Welsh people um I got
this back when I went through a very
formal stage like every single this is
like after the v-neck stages in college
I legit every single day when I go to
school I go I Drive to my University I
would go in a button-up tucked in like
slack pants and really nice formal shoes
and then a tie or suspenders every
single day I didn't know who I thought I
was back then to be walking around
looking like I'm about to give a nice
presentation to everyone but that's
basically what this this is this was
that stage I actually made a video of me
going through old photos like teenage
photos that hasn't gone up yet but
you'll see it you'll see a lot of this
shirt in that video
if you
it comment it and use you say you
recognize this day because this is
classic but it is too small and it's
gotta go it's like 15 is haha this is so
like what's that store um
buckle ah it's like a buckle type
clothing it's this one target but it's
converse it's like I just I can just
picture like the look that this is what
this is going for and it's just not it's
not appetizing it's very ugly this has
got to go that's 16
mashaallah your skin is beautiful what
do you use thank you well first of all
if the lighting cuz the lighting is all
natural line so I make things everything
look better but um what do I do with my
money my skin I just clean it every
night before I go to sleep get my face
holes just go clean it but telling her
to balance the skin tone and then boom
done only moisturiser obviously because
I have really oily and rice oily and dry
skin different areas formal bright red
shirt again from Express this is all
same obnoxious brightness that's got a
go what I'm on
okay who's vacuuming really loudly
beside my door oh my god y'all hear the
vacuum plane going why are they all
shirts I didn't have a lot of pants okay
this is what this is the problem back in
the day cuz I'm taller I'm like 61 and
I'm all legs my torso is very short and
so um even though I would find pants
that were my width the length was never
long enough and so I legit had like two
pants or two or three pants max at a
time and I have to keep Washington every
week because I could not find pants
anywhere that fit me but eventually
obvious
I'm carrying it how tall are you I'm 6 1
you look small on your videos I said
that's what everyone says because like
my torso and up I look normal like
height but then as soon as I select when
people meet me and I'm sitting down
whenever I stand up they're always like
so help because I'm all legs it's all
under the table you can't see it mmm
here's more plain white that's got to go
but whenever was it like 18 17 see oh my
god this is literally the exact same oh
this is a black checker I don't like it
come on so pay much money I wasted on
this 19
oh this is one hmm first started getting
good with their guy's clothes are you
burning those shirts you should excuse
me they're not that bad okay they're
just all similar that's why I'm
disappointed in myself not that bad it's
like a fuzz like a casual shirt but it's
gotta go this too small what is this
like 20 here's more brightness ah this
was like a light teal
what's a green teal ish looking color
but it's gotta go cuz mom what's 21
here's a checkered but bigger checkered
look at that flew the exact same thing I
don't know why I found necessary to keep
buying the exact same like 22 hello from
Jordan oh yeah hello love
all the clothes of the rainbow I know I
I was like I was big on like Pat not
patterned on color that was like my
thing of standing out having interesting
colors out there didn't work if this is
the ugliest jacket and all of existence
is from number 21 it's like fake leather
listen to this well it's so cheap
feeling I didn't like buttons up and
there's a hoodie attached to it
this is so ugly I never wore this I
bought it and I never wore it I don't
know why but I buy I have a really bad
habit of buying things um with no
impulse like just just buying it and all
I need it I buy it and that's and I
never ever actually weird
here's a red maroon but this is a casual
maroon not for wedding that's going what
is that like 23 is anyone keeping track
because when are you going to show your
decorations photo Mabon ah my vlog I'm
vlogging in a month why Ramadan every
day so you'll see it then Sharla and I
post it on Instagram if you see me on
Instagram more button ups this is blue
stripes though more button ups why do I
have something bun ups this is also this
was part of the college phase where I
wore ties every single day this was that
time period so bright way too bright
guys here's oh here's something
different for once a grey one gotta go
though wait where's this from Target is
that like 26
I'm completely guessing these nuns
reveal talk man I forgot about this oh
man this is what I went this is actually
a time period where I was not I'm not
ashamed of because I went to a wedding
and I gotta stop to wearing all these
bright ass colors that did that that
stopped but and I stopped wearing ties
and bow ties I was like I'm done with
type of everyone wears then I was about
how am I gonna be different
I bought this button up and I didn't
wear attire I just work a plain black
suit and then I wore this button up and
if you see carefully it has little pleat
details right there and I didn't wear
tie I will just clean all you saw were
three little pleats on each side
freshest it'll look so fresh but it's
small and I doubt I fit on that
more bio seen like that on the maybes
these are those pants pants I found
pants but this is when I started shot I
discovered Zara pants that actually fit
me these were really comfortable so
these are gonna stay with me because I
like these pants even though these are
for weddings but I can still wear it if
it fits me this looks like it's too
tight
whatever it's a short time
good luck where's your hoodie from this
is from H&M VL it's I got this fluffy
material so it fits really oh a blazer
unfortunately these Blazers don't fit me
anymore I actually like this it's like
an olive green but it's way too small so
that's got a go
does it have to go I'm gonna try it on
later and see if it fit it doesn't go
there it's gotta go
Oh more interesting patterns this is the
college time period huh this is from
ASOS I actually don't mind it so much
cuz not too much but it's too small so
it's gotta go is that 27 now are you
even looking at the comments honestly no
it's going way too fast I can't like I
can't keep track of this sheesh
were you a surfer oh my god okay this is
like now we're starting to get into like
when I started after I graduated and I
started working and I started having my
own money and I could afford like
whatever I wanted so this was a very
this is when I become a little bit more
individualistic not caring so much about
trend in everything actually don't mind
this it's a plane but polo but it's it's
a button-up and I'm gonna blow polo but
as the polka dots on it I don't mind it
but it's too small gotta go was it 28
are you f then no I am falsely knee and
Filipino
has it been cricked the whole time I
just hit that that sucks
oh here we go more button ups I don't
even like this I don't know I bought
this 29 oh my god this was like one of
my first listen like when I was in
junior high or early high school and I
went thrift shopping this is before it
was cool
I bought this button up it's like lime
green stripes it's gonna go what are you
listening to it isn't a sheen it is
called Millea I don't have my glasses on
so I can see what's called it's called
Medallia Monet I'd be bad male heavy bag
but deeper suck DD something like that
that's one of my favorite Nasheed songs
gotta go 29 oh this is one of my first
button ups ever target from when I was
in high school
Brown ugliest color but I liked it a lot
back then still gotta go winning that I
already said 29 didn't I that's like 30
thank you for purchasing kept track this
is from Topman again I don't mind it but
it's way too small now so it's gotta go
a lot changed whenever I gained that
weight not cool
literally half three I had to get rid of
all my pants 31
thank you for the person who keeping
track more button up but this one is
some house like poke it up on it you can
see it wait no these are not gonna these
are circles and they're maroon I thought
this is very nice coloring too small
gotta go
32 ooh I don't mind this
dang it they're all small though look at
that pattern though I don't mind this
but it's gotta go 32 or 33 and I
remember Hills like denim
but I look like a cowboy
actually it's working like that when I
keep seeing I keep looking at them and
going through it at first but then I
look at it carefully I'm just like know
what I think this were a bigger size I
would actually wear this 33 oh this is
one of my favorite shirt and this
actually is till now one of my favorite
shirts it just doesn't fit me anymore
this was like 100% my childhood right
here this is one hunt like this is
extremely 90s like at this is like back
in the day whenever you see this pattern
everywhere as a 90's kid if you were
minds kid you know what I'm talking
about
I wish I could still wear this but isn't
them anymore actually when we try to
seek that this because I haven't tried
it on it's a medium so you never know
try that one on that's not going away it
literally the exact same colors the one
I just on put up with the red dots but
it's a plane I don't know
34 and that is it for all the hangar
clothes now we need to go through the
bucket organ mm oh wait this is more
recent
I bought these pants when I was working
at fossil even though they don't fit me
do they fit me see I have to try the
light doesn't pants have to try them on
so this isn't going to go away quite yet
forgot about this jacket love this it's
a coat it's a letterman jacket and it's
in the both wool what size is daya it's
small that's gotta go
35 how long do you think this is going
to take lots rude um I don't know almost
done you how bright this is is what I
want Stefan just go Oh bright but that's
got to go
I think knocking edge my sister cuz I
know she likes hoodies this is frie yeah
oh I like this sweater but it's just
actually it's like an old man's cardigan
but what size is it dangit everything is
small
I wouldn't mind wearing this I can even
try this on later and see if it fits or
not
are you Bukka Stein no I'm full of
sleeting you guys not Pakistani give it
give it to the home and that's the plan
everything that I'm not again if you
just if you've not been paying attention
and you didn't hear the beginning these
are all clothes that I'm going through
to see um to try to give to charity and
sha Allah for for this month of Ramadan
oh I like this oh the sweater but it
looks small we shall try that maybe not
a complete gut oh this is when these are
the pants that don't fit me anymore
these things I need to give away this is
this is before I gained weight these
were skinny beer tight tight pants
actually they weren't that tight but
like apparently
when you workout getaway a lot of weight
goes to your thighs and like everything
else fits me perfectly like the calf
area and the pant area the waist
everything fits you perfectly but in the
in the thighs it's like no good that
gotta go
this is what 35 30 36 ya slim fit it
wasn't skinny cuz it wasn't like tight
on me it was just like um muscle gain
generates weight gain well obviously I
know that but I'm saying like
specifically in the thighs like
everything fit perfectly but thighs 36
what is this what is this
oh my god this one I used to work at
fossil you know the logo that we
designed that can go more pants that
don't fit me anymore
husky no these are actually skinny jeans
but I never actually wore them gotta go
37 same pants but just in light pink
these have got to go 38 where's your
hoodie from H&M
can you speak out of me yes I can't
speak out of it but not fluently I don't
speak it I can't like have a full-blown
composition in Hana me 39 I don't think
I have actually I think I was one time I
don't mind it actually it's like a old
90s pattern on there I'm gonna gonna put
that one in the maybes I've been getting
to clean out my closet because like ever
since we moved into this house like a
year and a half ago my closet has been
just stuffed and I've never actually
gone through it oh my God he's my Jordan
my Jordanian looking pants look I'm like
I came back from back home I just came
from back home oh these are haha
these are so back homie these were way
too tight I remember trying these on
recently look at that look at the fate
on that less gotta go we are now at 40
pieces motor pants that's me hello so
pay hello friend
then we'll know Mubarak will not get
here
she's gotta go is that 40
what is this oh my god this is one of
the first pieces that I ever made myself
I made this for ade two years ago this
has sentiment I think I'm gonna keep
this is I have to I can look at this and
see how I've grown since then from where
your hoody it is from H&M you guys go
through that right there
oh I like these pants these used to fit
me like these were like nice blue like
navy heritage blue on these but then
they had a really nice fit and then I
gained weight and then they became way
too tight on my thighs thunder thighs
didn't work anymore so it's gotta go
41 I think this look that I made myself
oh my god this is the first vest that I
ever made myself I thought it was so
cool of a concept but it's way too tight
but I will keep that for memories more
parents that don't fit oh my god I
remember the this is one H&M had these
pants that were called cone pants and
they're made out of it feels like
they're made out of plastic but it's
like it's black denim but it's like it
was dipped in wax it's like hard I don't
know why I thought those were
interesting gotta go 42 41 I don't know
oh this is a basic time period nothing
nothing too interesting going around
here it's a medium but I would never
wear it so it's gonna go 42 43 now thank
you
oh my first khaki pants these were I
want to converse them revert I don't
want invert done because they too long
but look how nice and pretty this color
is but again way too tight so that's
gotta go I don't know why I kept these
when I put in the box I knew these
didn't fit me what for
oh actually like this is my summer
clothing whenever I sit out I just sit
out like with my we have dogs in our
backyard I usually just sit out with
them in the backyard
wearing some time that's staying you
about these shorts a long time ago I
think they used to they used to go below
my knees and then that then that grew
more and they just kept on going way too
short okay now they're way too so I
can't wait anymore
I'll cover the out up this is like 20 no
44 oh my god these were even shorter I
don't know why they kept shrinking that
the shorten these shortage to be longer
than they kept shrinking I wasn't your
kind edge time she saw he's gotta go 46
more pants see you guys said y'all
didn't see any pants Mel's acquittal
pants wouldn't alone more blue did not
does not anymore
seven oh my god these are my my dad
jeans I got from fossil when I stored
here actually these would be cool - I've
been wanting to buy like really baggy
pants like baggy ugly jeans and then
cutting them and like having them really
short I think I might do that with these
if they still fit me too tight on me
but these you're like mom he's like dad
jeans like hey son we're gonna go play
baseball wait look we keep it though try
it out oh I don't mind this but it's too
small now it's gotta be a large actually
well almost a medium it might fit I
actually like this so we're gonna keep
that think about that one more pants but
these are brown pants these were called
tobacco pants back in the day a sauce
gotta go where we got 49 thank you hello
from Toronto
hello why did you leave fossil I was
there for a while as if like two and a
half years I thought it was just my time
to leave figure out my my life more
genes that do not fit more fades from
back home looking stuff gotta go fifty I
think that's it
actually let me try to go get out my god
I can't feel my butt now what if I
accidentally hit like lock oh my god
bruh
can you vlog what I'm alone please I am
I started vlogging the day before I'm
alone so in shot a lot every seven days
during the month I will post the weekly
vlog not daily cuz I'm doing nothing
interesting something the daytime how am
I supposed to get through get this out
I'm not going through all that never
mind I should I go through all these god
there's so much stuff in here it's like
no I'm not pulling that out there's way
too much stuff in the closet there's one
more bucket but I think it's all coats
but I don't think I should be good
actually no I should probably throw the
coats dang it indecisiveness one a
second let me try to pull this thing out
oh my god why do I have so much junk in
here actually they're not junk the table
junk it's just a bunch of bags shopping
bags from way back in the day
whoo well boy yay whoo break something
there we go that was a hot mess that was
a very hot mess um we have more coats
here how I float we're gonna flip
bathing on the other side
more Coatesville this is like the
giveaway right there the maybes over
there
what are these others are maybes and
then these are more pant giveaways
show us your room would you like to see
my room really quick
well no it's messy now I can do it even
oh it's kind of gross um these are all I
think just a bunch of oh yeah I need to
go to this businesses stuff that I do
not need anymore taking up way too much
in my closet
wait is this Maeby's yeah these are all
means put y'all back on the stand hold
up
live shame hahaha yes
your room is small piss off ya can't
even talk big money okay let's do this I
love this jacket it was like my little
raincoat it's not a raincoat but it
looks like a raincoat this was the first
thing that I ever when I first started
style blogging on my Instagram this is
the first jacket that I ever this is the
first post I ever posted but it is way
too small now and that's gotta go what
number I react
yajima en se you might be booms are you
fasting this I am fasting
what is this 51 51 thank you for people
who are keeping track how did you like
the UK I absolutely loved it
I would not I'm very keen on living in
America for the rest of living in 9min
America living in Texas for the rest of
when we plug this in hold on I'm very
keen on living in Texas the rest of my
life like I'm gonna live like I'm gonna
stablish my life here in Texas but I
would not mind living in London for a
little bit like going and working there
for maybe a year because I loved London
it is so chill it's so I think the best
word to exploit to describe London is
quaint
it's just quaint it's not too busy it's
not too chaotic like New York it's like
spread out
what oh my god this is one of my I was
looking for this this winter direct this
was my Christmas sweater not my
Christmas but my winter sweater like at
work
we had an ugly ugly sweater day and this
was mine it is a it is a bear wearing a
sweater
ha ha ha ha I thought this is the
coolest thing and this building is the
coolest and so I'm gonna actually keep
that because this still fits me it's
huge oh this is when I first went to
this one there's a period in college
when I went to New York and I interned
there first summer and I bought a bunch
of clothes I bought a bunch of things
from Topshop from Topman and that's one
of my stock kind of starting that's when
ice my style started getting weird like
the weird colors and everything because
I started shopping at top man I bought
the sweater this was also one of my
holiday sweaters because it was very it
was just very festive but it doesn't fit
me anymore they're all small and I would
actually I would actually wear this but
too small look at that it has elbow pads
it has like a very gotta be or like
old-school pattern on I wish I could
keep that that's got to go
ooh a cardigan a gold card too getting
caught chicken I'm actually gonna keep
this I like that
a gray cardigan but it has color
blocking in the back I don't like this
anymore
but I just I was I would actually keep
this but I just bought one of this that
doesn't have thing on the back end so
nice kind of it I love this jacket I
don't know if y'all have if y'all have
forever 21
like in all over the world but forever
21 they have like either their quality
is a complete crap and as soon as it
looks at water it just falls apart or
they have like amazing quality like
randomly you pick up one piece and it's
just amazing quality this is amazing
quality and look at the color look at
the color contrast on the inside I love
that this is a medium I'm gonna actually
keep this present this is a very nice
sweater I don't know if this is like a
blanket without ooh oh man this is one
of my this was literally right before I
gained weight and my shoulders like grew
and so I stopped I had to move up a size
and I had just bought this pea coat from
Topman it's really simple blue it has
had a really nice crisp fit and the this
drawstrings had little wooden ball and
but and it's really long too but I lost
I gained weight and I don't longer fit
anymore so weight is a small Dan this
small gotta go 50 whatever y'all are
keeping check on that this is from
Target and I never wore it I was
supposed to return it but I didn't I
can't tell if I like this or not
it looks very 90 so I'm gonna keep it
actually what Canada sweater from why I
went to Canada but it's also very small
shout-out to the Canadians out there
hahaha all you Toronto folk that keep
commenting but it's too small
I think I might give it to my sister she
likes these funny things when did you go
to Canada my aunt my uncle and my aunt
well he passed away only a camel but his
family and his his wife and his daughter
my cousin and all them they live in
Vancouver and so we always go to
Vancouver to visit them he's the one my
uncle he thrown that passed away Eliot
Hamill he's the one that he's too so he
used to be a he used to make dresses and
suits for weddings
oh this was my love my high school time
period this is a horrible time
it says Hurley on there ah like skater
boy dives love Lou that's got it
definitely I go although this was
extremely warm that come inside is
completely filled with this gotta go
sizes yeah gotta go skater boy yeah I
don't know why I had that in high school
I was confused about I love style I
wanted I had like this white boy look
was like my American Eagle I'm gonna
have like my Hurley skater boy that time
who another car I blew up a blue
cardigan I'll keep that he's fitting
soon oh wow this is one so pick out a
little color photos what just happened
did it disconnect or else along here hey
I just like snapped at me are y'all
still on here we are here okay yeah the
connection is still there right I
accidentally hit the charger and
everything legit flew everywhere dang
okay this is flutter I liked stripes at
one point a lot but I think this is too
small now but the material is so comfy
though I'm gonna see if that fits
was one of my favorite vests all-time
this is one of my eight outfits I'm
actually gonna bring this back so I'm
gonna keep cuz I like that look at that
pattern on there
ooh they have golfer this is one forever
21 just opened up their men's side and
it was legit like a closet this big like
on the corner of the whole store and it
was called what was it Claire wasn't
called forever21 it was called heritage
1981 that's what it was called before it
became forever men before forever 21
days laughs huh oh my god this ugly
jacket from H&M I always wanted like a
pilot's jacket I bought one of these and
it was like look at these buttons tell
me these are not the most intense
buttons and in all of the world I look
like I'm about to serve for the guard in
the UK what no gotta go lay out helm I
think that's it what number is that
y'all little up I'm a little long 59 60
we're at 60 I'm sick sick sick at 60
sounds prettier okay all oh ye actually
I completely forgot to vlog this morning
crap I also need to buy it a new
blogging camera because right now I just
use my phone because I can't be bothered
to actually pull out a camera is it
and so yeah I need to buy a camera I
don't know a camera Dina and Syd use
that's the one all right y'all this is
what I got
let me flip this camera thing why does
it take so long
this is where we got so far those are
all the jackets and pants all the shirts
and those are the maybes it's not that
much actually it's just stuffed really
badly so this is 60 pieces inshallah I
will be figuring out how to give it is
there like it there aren't like
charities that just openly I don't want
to go give it to like Goodwill where
they sell it like where they sell it and
they just make a profit off of it I
would rather donate it to like a cherry
that actually gives it to cut two people
for free and not charge them for it oh
the Masjid yes something about Syria I
know that there are a lot of like
flights or like convoys that go out to
Syria from Dallas that they ask for
clothes and they give it to to Syrian
refugees that's a good idea
or I might try to I might try to look
into selling like the the really decent
pieces let go because we have these
shops here in Dallas that like you if
you give them clothes they'll give you
like a decent amount of money for the
clothes it's not like two pennies they
actually give you like a decent amount
so I might like try to get that money
and then donate that money and do
something with the money that I make
from that that's long a bad idea
um I thinking
I also want to like I'm trying to figure
out something like to do with Oh
somebody mentioned on one of the videos
I was watching about I'm a blonde they
were like imagine they were like imagine
how much money we save by fasting and
not eating like throughout the day I was
like wait a second you do save a lot of
money cuz I ate out all the time I do
save a lot of money not eating out and
sounds like what can I do with like the
money that I save by not eating during
this month and going and doing good I
was thinking about going with my friends
like all my friends that are fasting all
the Muslims like we get we we take all
the money we calculate the money that we
would have spent on clown food
throughout the month take that money and
then go like buy a bunch of food and go
to like downtown and feed the homeless
cuz I want to do like something with
home the homeless this year cuz you know
how usually when we donate money we kind
of just give to the message in like
that's it
you don't really see where it goes but
this year but now I want to like gushers
the earth of Madrid gushers in the back
but for this buck I want to like try to
do something where I'm actually going
and doing something with the homeless
people and like one time alone a while
back the small like youth organization
did this thing at one of the messages in
my area where they we all came together
we all brought like bread peanut butter
and chips and water and then we all pack
them into little bags and we gave them
to we went to the homeless areas of
downtown and we pass them out to
everyone and then I saw like a bunch of
these people like that apparently they
come with these women and men they come
every week and they just serve like hot
food like they did it was really cold
back then like they just bring us big
Banjara of soup and they just hand it
out they just hand out bowls to the
homeless and I like that's such an
amazing like way of like not only just
helping people obviously but like
especially like getting the name like
the name of Muslims out there I tell all
the really good things I kind of want to
figure out I don't know the exact did
the logistics of this all or what I want
to be doing exactly but I want to be
doing something were like me and I get a
bunch of people in my area to like go
visit the homeless people and help them
out in some way whether it be bringing
all these clothes or bringing food
dude or I don't know helping them out in
some way but inshallah that's the goal
and I recommend that you guys all go do
the same thing in your areas go help go
help people face to face not just giving
it to obviously you have to give money
to the best you that's important but
there still it should be some sense of
giving and actually seeing the the
effect of your giving and your zakat as
it is part of our being Muslim so
inshallah that is the goal with these
clothes and this month I hope you guys
all have and amazing an amazing itemid
on this month I've been posting the plan
is be posting a lot more videos than I
should be than I usually do that is the
goal inshallah by the end of next week
or in like five more days after the
whole after the first seven days autumn
alone are over I'll post my first amadon
vlog it'll go up like next week the end
of this week sometime and yes that is
all I believe was this entertaining was
this laying you guys oh do you listen to
music while fasting it's not music is
that she'd yeah I shot them no it was
lame oh thank you no good type of lame
oh thank you no lame hi Daniel no it was
fun do it again
pastime almost have thought oh yeah
that's what I want to talk about because
I wanted to mention because when I like
post my vlogs and everything I don't
intend them for be I don't tend them to
be like time wasters for people that are
fasting I post these things so that
people can relate to the fasting but you
still need to be going and doing your
salon going thought we and praying and
doing all these things when you don't
loan you guys it's not about just
fasting keep that in mind anyways I will
see you guys lay a um I'll try to update
as soon as I figure out a plan for all
these donations and everything I'll
figure out and I'll let y'all know and
shot la um I will see you guys later I
need to go help my mom with the food and
cleaning before the family comes over
now I'll see you guys later
there by piece
