so my second to last video I asked you
all for some video recommendations and a
lot of people put what's in your back
video and at first I was like no why
would I do that and then I would wait a
second hold on I take my backpack and
its contents very seriously that might
be good idea I feel like my backpack is
a lot about Who I am I'm a very very
particular person but I wash my hand at
least at least like 20 to 25 times a day
and afterwards I gotta put lotion so all
my hands to be all ashy and gross and I
find my lips a lot and so I have to use
chapstick and I wear glasses and so I
got to keep creating my glasses of the
day and I have my wallet and my phone
and my keys and I'm not trying to carry
all that my pockets like I know a lot of
guys do cuz then it sag the pants or it
sags the Jackie and that's just not a
good look
and so I carry it all in the backpack
very typically take whenever every now
everywhere I go like I'm going to the
store someone real quick obstacle take
it with me but if I'm gonna be out all
day with my friends my family and be
doing a lot of things they'll carry my
backpack because here I checked this we
drive everywhere and so I typically just
leave the bag in the car whenever I
leave the car but there is a bag pack
nonetheless it actually started when I
came back from New York so I interned in
New York for one summer everyone walks
in New York until you got to carry a bag
everywhere everyone shows up at that but
now be a perfect time because I just
came back from a road trip to San
Antonio my friend
there was at this MSA event down there
and I'm very depressed because it's over
it was an extremely fun weekend but
blessings on so before I go on road
trips I always pack all my bags properly
like I have a checklist of things that
are I'm supposed to bring with me like I
said I'm very particular and so I'm back
at all the proper things that I take
most places it's up to date I have a
checklist of the other actual checklist
of things that I'm supposed to take like
I typed up a list of things and I print
out this travel checklist so it says
travel checklist and has a top I wrote
where to so you I fill in wherever I'm
going for that trip this time I was
going to when I was going to Arizona and
I do a little a little cactus Arizona
fine so this is me guys this list can
tell a lot of my voyage so let's do this
bang the back itself is a stocking
backpack stocking is a brand
I used to work for it's like a
Scandinavian Danish inspired brand very
minimal very cool black leather backpack
it's rectangular based and so it fits
like 20 times more than a typical
backpack would I don't know why I
backpacks are made round nothing fits
in round objects has to be clear and has
a back pocket for a laptop and like
tapers and stuff like that then this
huge front pocket that has space for
everything in the world it could fit
like four water bottles because again
it's square base and so just fit
everything has little pockets for
everything has a back pocket has it
pocket on the inside then the most
genius part is this bottom pocket if I
need to I can put in like canvas shoes
and then I don't know what I'm gonna do
and this guy's because they stopped
making these bags and gonna be screwed
even what passes for like four years now
four years now let us start with the
front pocket so with my wallet is a
black wallet it doubles as a wallet and
a phone holder because when I go down
into places I'll have like my phone my
wallet and my keys and I would always
lose one of them and so I got this thing
or I can put my phone in there and then
I attach my keys this thing and so it
all just stays in it's one convenient
day I never lose anything this is also
Skagen you were welcome tugging for
getting free advertisement but I'm
actually really organized with my wallet
I'm not like most people that have like
a billion receipts and a bunch of cards
they don't need mine is very clean very
very very simple only only the things
that I need I have my debit card my
credit cards my ID oh my god I just got
this new ID and my old ID was gross I
look like it looks pretty bad I was 12
so I really tried hard to get a good
picture for my new ID and can't really
will so proud of it let me try to show
you this thing look at I so about that
I'm not ashamed of it I always look
gross in my V so I'm very I'm very proud
of the sort had a couple receipts for
jackets that I need to return I have my
MetroCard for when I was in New York
though there have my insurance have my
my CVS card that's it and most
importantly my old student ID when I
went to the University of Houston for
like the two weeks that I was there for
bread school and then I ended up
puzzling story i mostly use this when i
go to top man because they have a 10%
off student discount you don't not
released it anymore but thank god oh no
that's my wallet and i have my charger
my iphone charger and on my chargers I
tie a black a piece of thread or yarn on
there to identify it as mine so people
can't take my wire and climb it up there
so this means this is subject wire and
nobody better ties taking the home plug
then I have the car plug for the USB
have a portable battery portable charger
because my phone dies after like 30
minutes of use because it's a piece of
crap and so this keeps me going down
today this actually probably the most
genius thing in the entire world
I started using this like a month ago
and my life has completely changed I
highly recommend you get a portable
charger you good good investment they're
like 10 dollars and then I have my
headphone case this is from Bothell it's
actually a coin holder like for change
but I stuff it with my headphones I just
roll them up very neatly place them
inside and I close the little button and
there you go again very organized I have
like 60 dollars in cash just sitting in
there don't know why I could I never you
cash that's like the electronics section
and the front side has my Warby Parker
sunglasses oh my god it's so much
clearer I'm blind without my glasses
this little big exactly as my normal
glasses but it just has the shade on and
the prescription because again I'm blind
without my glasses so yes sign that says
have my huge bottle of clowns
I usually don't carry this around but
this is just because I was in San
Antonio this is from Zara and it smells
amazing
it's left musk and vanilla genius the
sexy doesn't belong the bag cute sadly
there's a very crushed up cosmic brownie
in here I never got to eat it and it's
gone now
there's how I go to trash actually I
have this dried-out napkin doesn't have
it me and my whole family has it's like
after we wash our hand we like we get
the paper towel and then we dry our
hands but then we like hold on to it
like
today and I always have my beer and with
you my bag that goes in the trash and
actually to this growth and then at
chapstick I use birth bees only Burt's
Bees the original one I use any other
tastic it makes my lips feel like oily
and weird but this is like really minty
and so it makes my my lips just feel
fresh to refresh and it really works oh
my things in that for a while I have my
glasses cleaner this is a genius when
there is a huge lizard on my window the
body is this big and then the tail to
half thick so in total it's like oh it's
huge
anyway after watching my hands I usually
wash my face as well and so I take off
my glasses wipe my face then I clean my
glasses and I dry my face so what cleans
the glasses and clean the oil off the
glasses because I want to put the old
ones back on my face I just wash my face
I have incredible pencil and a thin
marker just in case I have my to go low
vision which is jargon but I put it in
this little bottle that I got from Muji
when I was in New York and it is genius
and so every time I need to refill up I
just pump some lotion back in because I
don't like actually hand I used to have
like chronic dryness on my knuckles when
I was a kid and especially in the winter
time when it was really dry and cold
outside my knuckles will start to crack
the skin and it would just start
bleeding what was the worst feeling in
the world because it never heals I got
to use my hands so every time I was
close my hands it would reopen the scab
and it was just that's why I use this
now lotion all the time no more crack
knuckles for some reason the AC decided
stop being cold and so now it's just
blowing out cool air it's not like
really cool and it is like 76 or 78 in
this house and I'm boiling I'm kind of
on the edge right now I have a small
little cologne bottle just in case
you've gotta freshen up this is from
when I used to work at fossil and fossil
was planning to sell cologne go out a
bunch of these small little colognes
from the manufacturer to choose from it
gave away the one that didn't like and
obviously I took them
I use them in cooking penises so I'm at
California fresh then I have some gum
some spearmint rain like the spearmint
still have a fish lens that I never use
don't know why I always forget that I
have that I have my USBs in here
I have like four of them actually it's
about ideas to have even after the bite
loses backpacks and I'm screws have it
to go on the record because you never
know when you're going to need this and
then it just goes back I always find
myself getting it on the record when I
met people in people's cars or people
places and then I have my first aid kit
I have a normal band-aids I have junior
band-aids it's the small ones some cough
drops
somebody quenelle some dayquil pills in
case I just start feeling sick I have
some emergency it's immune system
pumping as a mentor bacterial white some
antibiotic tape I have everything if any
of my friends get hurt they are they're
good to go that is it for the front
bucket in the back pocket I usually have
my my computer in here but obviously
it's not in here right now I have this
folder that I typically take when I go
on trips
it is the folder I got my first day at
work at fossil is beat up and yet to buy
like a legitimate folder for this stuff
it has the most random stuff in here the
receipt from what I got a transcript
like a month ago from my old school and
my actual transcript it's multi just
blank sheets of paper for whenever I
have like a random idea for a garment I
need to catch it really quick I just
pull this out on a sketch in so I have
like sketches on random things again you
can click an awfully bad sketches of
things that have popped into my house I
just started sketching on a plane
usually not like in public I have one
winter glove I lost the other one and I
guess I don't have it in me to throw
this one away console gloves it's just
like a tube and it has a hole in it for
my thumb I just pulled through and it
goes through my thumb like that it's
like a like a like a hobo glove and it's
genius
but a lot the other one when I was in
New York and so I have a lot of oddity
Laffy Taffy in here um it's called topic
sticks I got it when I was in North
Carolina
basically I gotta be or Turkish Laffy
Taffy and it's amazing then in the front
bottom pocket this part of my medicine
cabinet here I have advil
they are getting a headache I have some
prescription drug some amoxicillin fell
to the dentist recently I got some teeth
work done some tooth work done so gotta
have a more prescription drug from idle
coaching again to my teeth in case I can
start getting a tooth ache because of
the procedure that was done I have some
generic there tech some allergy
medicines but this is a Walmart brand so
it's like four times cheaper obviously I
won't get that one I have my nose spring
for my allergies and again the Walmart
version then I have more out of the
lacking taffy I don't know why I just
like three all in there thinking that I
needed this much I have like majority of
it in the bag I have actually a lot of
olive garden mix I don't know why I'm
gonna I'll learn in like four or three
months I don't this is probably
extremely old and I'm a bomb so I'm not
going to do and then I have an extra
pair of socks in here just you never
know when you're going to need next pair
of socks
wait you start raining and you step in a
puddle of water into your socks date
with huh and another pair flops away
this is just one saw this is like those
the long socks like the ones I go up to
like mid the mid cap and then this is
the summer ones I have the no-show look
a little rubber thing in the back but I
only have one out of those other one
days so I think that is everything and
I'm now realizing that this wasn't as
entertaining as I thought it might be
well so you guys take care stay humble
love people love everyone love yourself
more importantly don't forget food
praying and I will see you guys soon and
shot a lot y'all take care
