hello people it has been a very busy
month and a half for me I have not been
home on the weekend for about six or
five weeks now so for almost a month and
a half now I have not been I've not
slept in my bed on a Saturday I had to
go to New York to like some some type of
business stuff I spoke at a few
universities for like there and I say
event stuff and then New York against
New York three times in the past month
and a half but the last time I went it
was with my mom my sister because my
sister modeled for the Uniqlo
collaboration with ten at Fatima
so if L go even closer and see a really
tall thing hit every girl that's my
sister
oh yeah she doesn't it is so we went to
New York to see the in-store ads of her
and so he walked in there like his huge
TV screens like massive TV screens of my
sister's face and that was the funniest
pity we didn't die it was so funny but
it was so cool she was literally like as
we were even though than 100 percent
over traveling right now and I just want
to stay home for any of my my new
caseload
I've been planning a trip to London next
month I'm like a t-shirt I'll probably
do like a little like a little meet and
greet and somewhere in London I don't
know how I would do that I don't know
the logistics of this climb to those but
I have a lot of UK folk so why not have
a mean Greek so if you are in UK and you
would want to come out go follow my
Instagram but that is where I will be
posting my information about where and
when and I kind of want to actually go
to like a man and do buddy and follow
things but anyway I have not gone
shopping in a really long time typically
when I shop we're buying new clothes
it's just like one piece at a time
I don't typically buy like a huge amount
of clothes but with all these trips to
New York three times that I want
obviously I bought a lot of clothes and
so I have a lot of things starting my
bed right now this is a big deal this is
a big shift in my my clothing aesthetic
and so this is a magnet to share with my
people
so those doing this let us start
chronologically the first place that I
went to hmm I noticed I had that style
previously where my clothes were really
wide and baggy and long what I'm kind of
- right now is backing wide but short
and so it makes me look even more like a
potato because before I looked more like
a column like a pole like a wide bowl
and so this is more just like white hole
with two sticks coming out which are my
letting anyways that was really basic
black jacket it looks very minimal and
looking that I was make but I don't have
enough technical training to make this
there's just one huge pocket at the
front and this like a really clean very
very clean crisp look and it's badly but
short I've been looking everywhere for
this because I just want seeing it on if
y'all know like the brand open sport
this is really cool minimal brand but
they're super expended and so obviously
I'm not gonna buy that stuff but they
have they would have these jackets in
the horizontal ejected but I don't want
to pay that much for it on sale for like
$15 Lyla
yeah hmm organizes for us or the clothes
I already showed and I bought a lot of
sweaters ironically so it's hot as hell
in Texas now and it's not that hot but
it's getting really hot in Texas this is
probably one of my favorite things I got
recently
it looks basic until it's just like a
hoodie as a cream hoodie but it's super
wide and the material is really fluffy
it's stiff and so when you wear it it
like blows up and makes my body look
like like the Michelin Man and I got
this like was already of these things
aren't actually oversized I just buy an
extra-large you have a large with my
clothes and make it oversized I bought
this sweater but I'm now realizing that
I don't really like it it was kind of
pieces that like you can only wear like
once every month because people remember
it it's too memorable you know what I'm
saying can't wear it like this inning
and then we're next week is it looking
black oh well we just wore last week
gross and so I don't know I just saw
typically buy very unique looking
clothes and Mike actually returned that
even though I probably can't anymore
because cards has to return date anyway
I think I'm slowly moving out of my just
black and white and gray clothes and I'm
starting to add a little bit of color it
looks very blue but it's not really that
blue it's kind of a vintage blue these
are super baggy like look at that it's
really baggy and it's really short and
so it just makes
my legs go I like from beat makes my
legs look like with what I'm wearing
curtain which I like this I don't have a
lot of sweaters like knitted sweaters
because I don't like the way they fall
by found them like superb in it it's
oversized and then I bought extra large
and so it's like oversized oversized and
it's just like a basic white or type of
gray this isn't like I'm walking on my
front lawn I'm gonna lose that he looks
very shady and then I bought basically
the exact same thing but in even bigger
size it was like a triple oversight
physical I've had my eye on for a while
now it's like a copper it has like a
certain level of Sheen to it look at how
deep it just look like a penny which is
what I'm going for
but it's super huge and for some reason
H&M whatever they make sizes get bigger
up the bigger they get the bigger the
head hole becomes my breath is because
someone wears extra large doesn't insert
head is it extra large it just means the
body and so the neckline is like really
way up here which I don't like but I
just wear another white shirt under it
shoes over side Oh about a jacket again
this is not typical me I don't like this
much color but the silhouette of this
jacket is beautiful it's like a athletic
jacket and like the jacket I used to
have back in gymnastics needs to be in
geneticist back in in high school and
you have a really high collar and zipper
closure but look at big pockets look how
look at this look at the construction of
it there's no head it's just a super
simple look at that little elbow detail
yeah it looks kind of a DITA jacket but
I don't like brandish clothing like I
don't want to have a huge adidas
signature on my clothing and so I just
buy the basic versions of them and their
list expense I got a gray sweater and I
already have a gray sweater with this
look it it's like a different grade it's
like true gray whereas this one is a
little bit more of what a blue gray I
know I found really obnoxious by saying
that but it's true again
oversized and I'm moving on to Walmart
if you watch any of my life strings
behind
the grams you'll know that I am very
huge promoter of clothing from Walmart
because they have a utility section or
they have like really heavy-duty clothes
and it's meant for people that are like
outdoors working if you like the keys if
you know what Dickies are these are like
a utility clothing and I bought Vicki's
because I wanted a tapered fit they're
really basic but the thing about them is
that the material is really stiff like
you see how its touchless it's like it's
hard but it's really cool to like so in
some time when I wear it it keeps you
cool it's not it doesn't like hold the
heat inside usually but look what I had
in my head with these pants the bottom
fold it in like played out the bottom
and then rolled up and so the silhouette
up the tent goes spot of black ones that
pop and gray one little student and then
I bought a navy one because variation
and it was more like $20 each I got a
great jacket it's like a call it's like
a utility jacket it's super boxy it's
basically the great version of the black
one I got from H&M but this is a little
bit thicker and so it's more of like a
winter jacket mounting more spring the
jacket is because Center it's so fit and
like rough that is it for Walmart I used
to shop a whole lot at a sock but I kind
of got tired of the fitting from them
because this stuff is really fitted but
even they're oversized pieces are for
some reason really fit and I'm like
Azoff my ish as it's tofu but it will
order one thing and I got a black
turtleneck and it's like massive and
I've been wearing it a lot in the past
like two weeks and everyone keeps
telling me I look like Steve Jobs with
my glasses on I got one pants from
Lazaro
so again Czar's just like they're fit
it's just bizarre anyhow I think it's
like it's like a European thing where
everything is just super it isn't but
you guys y'all killing it for me but
they have you this one pant is really
huge really unflattering pant leg you
know why but it's really short it only
goes to like right below the knee it's
really unflattering the Heysel liked it
and then I got one top from Muji y'all
not Muji is again
I don't do you know out there patterns
and colors but
this is a very basic block and cream
stretch sweater Ella you know that's a
very basic thing it's not too out there
let me get it and the reason why I like
this so much is because of the neckline
it has a very wide neckline and it's a
very high neckline and so it like sits
right up there
but it goes all the way to the entrance
and the sleeves are short so they only
go to like right above the risk it's
very wise but short and it's very very
Asian I've been really into Asian style
clothing but moving on to you in a clue
I bought a lot of trans woman it's kind
of hot in here yeah she's having drinks
but a lot of pants I bought these gray
ones very cool very cool pleating Chloe
yes it makes the top fitted like your
waist fitted and then it makes the rest
of your legs just puff out and it makes
it look so ugly but I liked it I just
liked while using this term ugly
it's very unflattering I don't know
there's something about this that
intrigues me then I got a cream one I'm
just trying to like change up the color
scheme I noticed I started getting tired
of my own wardrobe Alex got to tell you
black is frickin white I bought me
jogger pants and if you can share them
you're not much yeah it's very cool
fabric but they're really baggy and then
at the end they cut a little bit but I
wish they would cuff a little bit more
so I actually might go in there open the
seam and make it a little bit tighter
because I just thought it's like an
awkward and I got a sweatshirt genre
which I actually already have in black
but a fabric that they use and Uniqlo
it's really like it's a lot thinner and
it's but it's still sturdy and it's
thick and so when you wear it it doesn't
make your legs hot which I usually get
when I wear my hmm joggers but Uniqlo is
just killing it then I got a cardigan I
used to wear cardigans a lot in high
school outside my stance a little
coolest vintage cardigan and I'm like an
old man my soft touch just like how it
fit me anymore but I found this cardigan
at you a clue and it's very fluffy like
the material is a stiff knit and so when
I write where it's still maintained
you know it's fit rather than just a
drooping on my shoulders and make me
look like a skeleton it has with a very
low cut and so it goes down like just
like an old man then I got this really
 and even uglier shirt this is so
ugly
it's really really why well have you all
I've been able to see this shop should
have probably been pulling the clothes
further out see if you can type in
whatever really really wide I mean like
super wide and it's actually a lot short
it's like it reaches just the waistline
and the arms are really really wide as
well like short in the front a little
bit long in the back something that I
would make and I probably could make but
I don't feel like making one so I like
on stand by it because it was only like
$30 and now that I'm looking at it I
like the color and you Nicole because it
looks for the cool off white cream but
now it's time to look like someone peed
on it so we might have to delete it
attitude it and then I got these these
heat tech long johns or to keep you warm
you're supposed to wear them under like
your pants to keep you warm even though
when I wore them in New York because
it's cold felt like it was making me
colder because though I could feel the
way more things the last piece of Uniqlo
this is kind of pushing the envelope for
me these are really really badly pant if
you are from the 90s and you know what
Jenko jeans were back in the day you'll
know what I'm talking about because
they're super super wide like at the
waist
it's like fitted but tough out like
crazy and it's actually kind of short
it's it's like a few inches above the
ankle but I really like it I thought I
would wear and feel like what the hell
is this but I put on all the way Danis
arrest rate all the Hat I've been really
into hats lately I've never been into
asked I always thought that my head is
too thin if you fall I'm on Instagram he
knows I'm wearing his hat everywhere I
go I bought a white one then I want a
black one and I bought the same thing at
cotton on and that copper that copper
tone that I bought from Target bany
in that copper where like all these
together one can works you have some of
these loose oh my god I look like an
autumn trees oh that's kind of weird
oh I forgot the Unicode jacket which was
probably the most exciting aspect of
this haul
they're going to get rid of all their
their excess winter clothes and so they
had a bunch of extra large jackets on
sale for $30 each and I basically bought
one and every color
old-school looking pea coat kind of
style like overcoat typing I'm looking
everywhere
seconds but it's really hard to find
because they're usually lives expenses
because I don't want like an actual
little jacket I'm okay with like a poly
blend a Cotton's I don't know a
legitimate wool jacket that took like 30
sheet to make it looks grand Cameron
what's actually great a charcoal gray
look at that collar on this thing
yes and I got one in a camel field said
it wasn't buttoned and I got one in the
light gray but it's not the same
silhouette basically thinking but it's a
little more tailored and it has a really
big hoodie on top and then this last
thing that I got is from oaken Sport
which I know I mentioned earlier is a
brand that I love and it's very minimal
but very sentiment I never bought him
there but I visited their store in New
York when I was my coworker just to go
to look my friend plan on buy stuff
because they have money and I don't so I
went in but they had this on sale it all
looks look at the pink I swear it's not
being it's like a it's like a gray but I
have a red tint to it but it's basically
it's just really boxing because of the
fabric it's like a stiff like a neoprene
and has fully fluffy collar which I
think oh cool this one's actually really
long um oh wait we're not done
I forgot target talked to a again
I like basics this is actually screws a
little huge dark grey sweater like
really big about 2x or when I got caught
oh my god I've ever watched like British
youtubers make clothing haul videos my
tried on they're always like I quite
like it yeah quite not did it they say
quite often time then I bought a bunch
of basic long-sleeve shirts I have a
bunch of long t-shirt but they're all
like I said before they're wide but
they're too long and so I want to have
basically fencing but shorter versions
of it seems like Hanes or four Fruit of
the Loom so this is legit like six
dollars man I bought the exact same
thing in this was like a like an ochre
my color scheme changing my wardrobe you
guys this is monumental and about upper
body this is like a bright huge red like
in-your-face
red type then I got okay in sweatpants
with their parents at our boa angles but
this is like you know I like this style
it's worth like it hits your shoes and
it's really really baggy obviously up
the point where it hits the floor
that's gross but it hit my shoe and has
a really nice wrinkle to it naturally
fall waste it's like way bigger than
mine actually but they have a little
drawstring that I tied on the inside and
I would tuck it inside I'll let you know
one day I'm like you know what throw
about not outside and so what I wear
like a shirt tucked in and I spill this
on the outside and it looks it it it
looks really dumb but I'm like I like it
and it's me
so I'm keep doing her and I believe that
is it for this haul was like take care
be nice and be time stay humble tell
your parents you love them tell your
friends so you found that you love them
don't forget to pay for the people that
are suffering in this world that's
keeping your dot I will see you guys
later - inshallah
