so with all that is going on in the
world mostly in my country of America I
decided to make a video to share my
family's immigrant story as my family
that come to this country as refugees
technically refugees of war or silence
pieces not me myself I was born and
raised here but my mom my dad my brother
my sister all came here as refugees of
war so want to talk a little bit about
that as well as you know give my
thoughts and my two cents in to what's
going on this chaotic time where are you
originally from and where do you live
now I'm a Palestinian and half Filipino
my dad is Palestinian and the mom is
Filipino Alcala and raised here in Texas
where we currently reside how long ago
did your family migrate they came like
one or two years before I was born here
so like in 90 or 91 so probably like 27
26 issues where did they migrate from so
this is where it gets complicated and I
gotta take a step back give more context
so my dad was born in Palestine but
eventually a lot of the family decided
to move to Kuwait which is where my god
ended up living most of his life he grew
up mostly in Kuwait and then my mom was
born and raised in the Philippines
eventually she ended up moving to Kuwait
and they end up meeting each other
getting married having my brother my
sister and eventually leaving the
country of Kuwait to come to America but
originally policy and Filipino Kuwait
and then America why did they migrate so
in the early 90s the Gulf War had
occurred where basically Iraq decided to
just walk on over to Kuwait the country
of Kuwait and claim it and theirs and so
like they literally did you know with
their tanks and her soldiers walked over
claimed it as theirs and essentially the
Kuwaiti government ceased to exist at
that point everything was under control
of the Iraqi government the banks were
under their control basically any
governing institution was being
controlled by the Iraqi soldiers
essentially the situations are getting
worse and worse and I think I remember
my mom saying that like the food supply
was starting to get low and that's when
people started to kind of panic and so a
lot of people started to rethink their
life in Kuwait including my my extended
family it's the entire top family and so
a lot of the talk I'm gonna decide
move or start to plan to move to Jordan
but the situation was my direct family
and my mom my dad were actually flight
attendants in Kuwait and my mom had a
lot of family in California Filipino
obviously in San Francisco Hurdle like
majority of Filipinos live and my mom
when she was pregnant my sister actually
ended up having my sister in California
with her family and so my sister was the
US citizen and so when all this was
going on and everybody was rethinking
their lives in Kuwait my mom you know
got word that the u.s. government was
helping people resettle their lives in
America and so she called the US Embassy
and you know told them that my sister's
an American citizen no is anything that
we can do and they said yeah basically
meet us at the airport was like two or
three bags and will resettle your whole
family in whatever city you want in
America so this is when my parents had
to to boil down their life in Kuwait
into these two or three luggages and
leave everything else behind so all the
furniture all of their belongings they
kind of just left in the house they flew
to America left the family left their
house behind it helped around a few
cities in America but they ended up
landing in Texas where one of my dad's
cousin lived and and two years later
they had me yes a very scarring
situation from my mom and my dad to look
literally just drop their entire life
literally everything in their house just
stayed the same and they basically told
the rest of the family that was leading
to Jordan that if they could take like
the photo albums or you know specific
things that you know were special to my
parents and bring it with them to
Jordan's all my mom and dad's wedding
pictures all the videos of my mom my
brother and my sister when they were
kids I had to leave it all behind
and yeah but you know how he left
everything happens for a reason
were there any effects with being a
family of immigrants not first really
the area I grew up in was very very
diverse
it was very minority based and so you
know I'm the kid everybody just
understood that everybody is different
in their own way so there wasn't kind of
a majority of people to feel like you're
not apart of and so everybody was kind
of doing their own thing it was until
9/11 that I started kind of feeling like
an immigrant and I kind of we kind of
don't belong here people saying go back
home you don't belong here you kind of
start to feel like you don't belong
and then my dad gave us to talk about
you know you guys these are very
difficult time just sensitive time as
Muslims you know now we have to kind of
be careful with what you say what you do
is how you're being perceived because
you are Muslims and you know
comprehending that as a kid it kind of
eventually becomes second nature the
older you get and so you kind of
automatically feel like you just kind of
don't belong in the country completely
even though you were born and raised
here you still kind of get the sense
that like I have to defend the fact that
I'm Muslim or imodel so yeah that aspect
wasn't wasn't all fun how do you
experience any discriminations not
directly really um I think this is
because growing up everyone thought I
was Porto Rican or Mexican and my name
should be taught
you can't most people couldn't really
understand where that would come from
the division of student Spanish you know
my sister who works a job she obviously
got a lot growing up oh but my dad my
dad he looks he looks very Caucasian he
lets blue green eyes very light-skinned
like he looks it looks white but
whenever he talks he speaks full English
it's perfect like his English is almost
almost perfect it's just that he has a
very heavy accent people still you know
I would see as a kid people you know
giving him that attitude or just being
very short with him because of his
accent obviously I just wanted to like
what stereotypes have you been
approached with it's weird I didn't
really you know come in contact with
stereotypes as a kid as much as I did as
an adult it's when I started working in
corporate world and working with grown
people I started hearing these things
that I'm just like you guys come on
you're like 35 you should know better
than that I was at a team lunch one time
and the director of my team senior
director of communications team
literally goes hahahaha
I was nowhere sube uh your people do
arranged marriages right everybody the
table dead silence everybody put their
head down was like oh my god comfortable
Oh in junior high in ninth grade my mind
geography features geography lady's been
teaching social studies history
government cultures religions for almost
40 years literally in the middle of
class goes Oh sue B um you're an Islam
you performed Hajj before because my
idea mana Oh when people tell me oh you
know you you have to speak very good
English for for an Arab I'm like I just
said I was born here woman I just said
Oh born here why would I not have a good
accent oh my god it's crazy that despite
all the hate and anger that's going on
right now specifically targeted towards
Muslims that that yesterday was the
first time I ever felt like I actually
belong in this country born and raised
in Texas 24 years later I finally get
the feeling that I'm part of my country
and that not everybody wants me to go
back home obviously growing up is just
hatred towards us go back home you don't
belong here and you know we've get the
occasional voice of support and love but
the vast majority of the comment that we
be getting we're of hate we're seeing
all the support projects going on right
now our contents are usually filled with
just a bunch of Muslims but now there
are just as many non-muslims as there
are Muslims it's not more that's crazy
it's beautiful even celebrity even
influencers and literally everybody's
everybody's talking about it in
supporting I mean it's not they had to
get to this point for people to start
you know speaking up for what's right
but the better late than never
you know I personally would like to
thank anyone out there who has supported
the Muslim community you'll have no idea
no idea how much it means us and my
fellow Muslims out there yeah y-yeah I
see don't lose hope keep speaking up for
what's right keep fighting for what's
right we're being tested now more than
ever so just keep fighting through all
the pain you know just keep loving and
keep keep your faith in God it's all
part of a love test and plan for us
though so just say strong shot love be
safe you guys
