hello hi welcome to man Donald I'm
loving it and I am mo I'm gonna help you
today you like to try the Big Mac Wow
the Big Mac is very good very tasty my
friend ah yeah nothing I'm serious my
friend is hamburger is have to meet a
free bread and you can drink the coke
there's a bright the pan like this but
believe me my friend is very I liked you
come on I could buy yes I know what a
Big Mac is thank you you can move that
tomato if you like onion we put the
onion if you like get back shabu letõs
Oh luckily after I listen a bit cares if
you like the bacon why lot of big hands
very nice big not like back home but the
biggest and good that's it but leave me
my fat oh my god I don't want a Big Mac
I just want a large number 2 hey don't
raise your voice and give me attitude
like this yeah I won I'm trying to help
you okay hey then just give me a number
two then well last time watch your voice
huh as if your dad McDonald yes you're
bad last name is McDonald huh what did
you so can you speak nice she's big
polite Kelly Adam muffin mm aha good job
what'd you say I said good mom very nice
lady she's very very nice a kind oh my
god you just give me another trooper hey
uh okay can you come to the first window
uh yeah dry dock and I'm gonna help you
out okay just come thank you oh my god
that's simple
hi I at my deck one lucky man with a
head on I'm Jude yeah don't run my face
as I want to see your dad uh-huh
drive like this Drive next time I'm
gonna fit in your backpack I lay a koala
humble barrack likes a brush as a kid
been an assáááá
No
