Trump is president it happened worst
case scenario came to life seeing all
this ah that's it at the end of America
America's gone to hell so that's it
we're done we're just cut being defeated
is a choice you choose to be defeated or
you choose to pick yourself up and work
twice as hard so long as we believe in
good
they will never win I don't overestimate
how much power the president actually
has not like you can easily start
implementing all the radical changes
that he said he'd make as president this
is why we have checks and balances as
the basis of our governmental system to
halt dictators and hateful people like
this on all levels of government it's
not like all immigrants are going to be
shipped out at the end of the month all
Muslims remember getting our IDs in the
mail in two weeks he'll be able to push
his initiatives but that doesn't mean
that they're all going to be implemented
it's not that simple
he's less of an issue then his actual
supporters are who were out pushing all
the Teichert out there and yeah Hillary
winning would have been probably better
but would it really be better not
knowing just how large the hateful
population is in this country they've
been in hiding and it's been a silent
hatred but at least now we know just how
series of a problem this is he has
exposed the racism in this country that
we are constantly told does not exist
there is absolutely no demand anymore
this is a wake-up call for America and
one that was very much needed hopefully
now more minorities will start standing
up and hopefully stand united with all
other minorities and I'm just protesting
but being proactive in government work
because the thing about hate is that it
ignites something in humans and pushes
us to fight even more for what we
believe is right engine how many young
minorities now are going to aspire to
work in the government and actually
become president of the United States
because of all what's going on right now
and the people that we're fighting for
what's right before I'm just going to be
working twice as hard now it's not the
end of the world y'all and in this this
battle against hatred
remember that hate does not justify hate
we cannot turn our back on the one thing
that separates us from them and that is
our love in our belief in equality and
generosity and compassion we don't
discriminate we don't hate that is not
our thing I do not like seeing the
burnings of flags and cursing at
protests and just angry and hateful
protests who does that help
and where does fighting hate with hate
and it's just going to keep going it's a
circle we're the smart ones we are the
ones that have to stay peaceful and
level-headed between the two because
there is there has been and there always
will be a battle between good and bad
and if the good turned bad then where
does that leave us don't forget that
we're setting an example for our youth
if we're returning hate with hate then
they're going to pick up the idea that
hatred is how you deal with situations
in the world and if that's the case for
teaching our kids hatred then how are we
any different from Trump supporters as
hippyish as it sounds we have the
preached peace and love all successful
wounds the paths were done through peace
not through hatred and that's what needs
to continue we are not defined by the
names that they call us we know who we
are we know our value they're ignorant
so let them keep talking and we're going
to keep working to do what's right and
fix this at a higher level this is just
another slump in history that will pass
just google the map of how Millennials
voted this year almost all blue racism
will die out especially with generations
changing now putting all that aside
remember that there's nothing greater
than God in His plan and there's no
doubt that he knows what he's doing
especially was something this grand it
most definitely is part of his will so
don't be sad or scared or or alter your
beliefs in fear of these people God is
always with you
God is goodness so in a fight between
good and bad God is going to be on our
side and with God on our side we will no
doubt come out this winning good always
wins and we just have to live harder to
stay positive go and remember
in god we trust'
you
why is the topic of interracial marriage
even still a thing y'all that person is
a good God loving person then it
shouldn't even matter religion allows it
so like
