why is the topic of interracial marriage
even still a thing y'all that person is
a good God loving person then it
shouldn't even matter religion allows it
so like that's it and I started done a
Muslims to Danny guy for example
should never feel inferior or nervous
about approaching the family of a say
Palestinian girl just that thought
breaks my heart because nobody should
ever feel less valuable because of their
background or their skin color the issue
stems from culture and the many flaws of
culture where it's frowned upon to marry
outside of your race but as a half
Palestinian and half Filipino I can tell
you very confidently that culture does
not make the person my mom could have
been Palestinian I've been full blood of
Palestine but does that mean that I
would be the same God conscious person
as I am now it's a matter of the person
himself I am a god conscious person God
loving person because my mom taught me
to be a god-loving person not because
she's Filipino and not because she's not
Palestinian if a family won't allow
marriage from another race to me that
says that they think they are not good
enough to marry into your race or your
family or that maybe they're your
superior to that other race and I'll not
be jumping the gun but that sounds a lot
like pride at last I check if please
stop kicked out of God's circle because
of pride are you trying to follow this
with stuff that the pet that you trying
to take a good Muslim is a good Muslim
your culture is not going to help your
child and become a better Muslim or help
them go to heaven because your culture
wouldn't have allowed that marriage in
the first place don't get me wrong
though I love being Palestine Filipino
now would you never deny my background
culture can be a very beautiful thing
except when you start to think that your
culture is superior to another we just
need to learn how to draw more defined
line between culture and religion and
when culture starts to cross lines into
religion just ah ah no good
you
how was it growing up biracial and in
America do you have difficulties finding
your identity if you don't know
I am half Palestinian half Filipino I am
Muslim and I grew up my entire life
