hello so I haven't done a traditional
Q&A video in like two and a half years
and so I posted a picture on Instagram
asking y'all to ask the questions and
this videos gonna be me I didn't think I
was gonna get that many questions um I
got like 550 and I thought that I was
gonna get like 60 I was also really
scared that I was gonna get like 10 like
that's embarrassed I thought of it so ah
great but I did read through all of them
and there were a lot of deep questions
very thought-provoking questions I
didn't expect that I'm impressed that
rather than asking you know a bunch of
silly questions that they were very
thoughtful questions because that's
essentially my goal to influence people
to to think deeper about themselves in
their life in their future as a
relationship with God and not be so
engulfed the shallowness of social media
there's a lot of shallow content out
there and so I want to be the
counterbalance
of that because I feel like everything
you do should have a deeper meaning to
it but anyway so there are a lot of
questions I kind of overlapped so rather
than answering like one specific
question I'm going to kind of answer
that general idea and a lot of these
questions I've actually had the plan to
make a full video about because Justin I
have a lot to say I'm always just I'm
going to answer them here I'm just gonna
be a little bit more topical and not too
in-depth and then I'll get in depth in
another video so let's do this like I am
how do you stay so positive and
motivated um well I haven't always been
this super positive um I've always been
the type of stress about everything like
my past my future my present whether
what I'm doing is right something
especially didn't go as planned
I'd always stress and think oh my god I
just wasted my time but it was after I
got into the New York design school and
I wasn't able to pay for it and then but
then I got my job at fossil and then I
end up not liking it there and so like
after that roller coaster of events and
emotions I came to realization that at
that moment that's what I wanted and
that's what I thought I wanted um and so
basically now I just I just trust my gut
I try my absolute best and I leave the
rest up to God because we have
absolutely no control over the future
and why certain things happen in our
lives one moment you can want this day
and then you actually get it and it
turns out
not be what you wanted and things
completely change but it's part of his
plan so there's absolutely no point in
stressing whether what you're doing is
right or not I just do what I think is
best at the moment and go for what I
want and I pray ask me to guide me to
the path of his like how do you maintain
your humanity
what do you do when you feel your Eman
is low obviously I like everyone else
have my moments where I don't feel like
my man is as high as it could be but in
those moments I always just remind
myself that this is just a phase that
this is part of being human being and
why God put us on his earth because he
wants to test us God is allowing to
happen to us because he wants to see how
we're gonna react to it am I gonna fight
and fight through it or am I gonna give
up and let my doubts define the
relationship between me and God to me
that's what faith really is it's it's me
whenever I feel these moments where I
don't feel as connected to him whenever
I perform these prayers but I still do
it because I love God I feel like that's
really key that even though I don't feel
that connection I know that I still love
him no matter what happens and I still
do all that he asked in performing these
prayers but I always ask and pray for
him to give me that connection with him
and replace and then bring back that
connection that I had before I also kind
of consider a blessing because I know
that once I do find that light at the
end of the tunnel with him and I do find
that connection again it's twice as
stronger as it was before because I know
what it's like to not have that
connection I think a lot of people fail
at these tests because they think it's
too late they think that God won't
forgive them but he placed that test
there he purposely did it because he
wants to see how you're gonna react so
there's there's no way that he's not
gonna forgive you for it you will
forgive you and he will always forgive
you and I stress because it's so
important that in these low moments that
you remind yourself that no matter what
happens God is always gonna be there for
you and he's always gonna love you no
matter what happened because once you
tell yourself that God won't forgive you
and that's it you're lost things are
only going to get worse push through it
and talk to him just talk to him a lot
of people don't feel a connection with
God because they don't actually talk to
him out of the five prayers that we're
supposed to do yes the five prayers are
very important but you still have to
have your own personal connection and
you'll get that during your diet when
you're talking to him and you literally
got to talk to him like he's
right in front of like he's like he's
there because he is he's always
listening to you so just talk to him
that's the only true way to actually
feel a deep connection with him are you
the person you've always wanted to be or
are you still far from who you want to
be if we're talking in terms of
character and not career or success in
my life I might say that I feel like I'm
pretty close to right do I want to be
that someone that is kind to everyone
and encourages people and motivates
people when I leave in interaction with
someone and what their that'd be someone
I know or someone I just met
I want them to be happier than they were
beforehand and that can be done simply
by just giving them my full attention or
making them laugh making them smile or
you know asking them questions about
them can I know it feels like to feel
non-existent not like nobody sees you or
nobody understands your struggle I want
to be the person in their day that makes
them go you know what today is on such a
bad day I you know I can I can do this
or you know hopefully if I ever talk to
someone about their goals in their
future I want them to feel encouraged
and motivated enough to know that they
can do what they want just a matter of
them actually doing it let the form of
the bigger pictures that I feel like we
should all learn from you know the some
men hadith of little Souls Allah it's a
lot it's a little sad I've always talked
about him being super kind and always
smiling and being so generous and
compassionate that's one of the bigger
goals that we all need to understand and
being followers of Prophet Muhammad's
philosophy so whenever you walk in a
room that you have a smile on your face
and you don't look like you're about to
punch everyone or but people feel happy
around you do you have a quote you live
by what is your life motto was there
ever a turning point in your life
basically what I mentioned earlier the
try your absolute best and leave the
rest up to God once I realized that and
literally began to live that that motto
I felt this huge sense of relief fall
off my shoulders I thought that
something God talks a lot about in
religion that's all trusting in him and
his plan reason why I thought that's so
beautiful
of a concept because he's relieving us
of our responsibility for our future
basically just saying trust in me don't
worry about the future just trust me and
worry about the present right now and
that's basically how I'm able to live at
ease um and be a lot more happy I don't
stress very easily I'm able to enjoy the
moment now a lot more it's
and it's completely changed my life guys
haha but it really has enough real y'all
should try how was it growing up
biracial and in America do you have
difficulties finding your identity did
you feel partial to one it was not easy
if you don't know I'm half Palestinian
half Filipino I am Muslim and I grew up
my entire life in America so that's
where all the identities come from as a
kid it didn't really affect me that much
but once I got older and I hit high
school and people started you know
started drinking and smoking and
partying and messing around that's when
I had to like remove myself because I
just don't do those things then in
college I discovered that up community
because the area that I grew up and
didn't have autumns there were very very
few so I grew up very Americanized and
not very hot up so for these autumns at
college for some of them I was too
Americanized and for some of them I was
too odd within the general Muslim
community I was too religious for some
and then I wasn't religious enough for
some others eventually the older you get
the less you care about fitting into a
specific group because I feel like it's
just a natural instinct when you're a
kid because you just want to belong um
but oh my god what I realized that like
you know this isn't this is Who I am
I'm always going to be American I'm with
India Muslim boys in the Arab and I'm
always gonna be Filipino now I just
don't really care about someone's
background all I cares whether someone
respects me and respects my beliefs and
respects my background and if they do
then we're gonna be a friend so now I
have friends in whatever culture
religion it doesn't matter as long as
they respect me what would you tell your
younger self uh just chill out relax
stop freaking out this is something
didn't go as planned because I was a
huge planner I planned like everything
I'll say I'm gonna graduate high school
at this age college early at this age
I'm gonna get married this age so
something didn't go as planned I felt
like the world was coming to an end very
much unaware that that period in my life
which was like this big made up like
this amount of my actual life very
insignificant moments and obviously I
don't have any regrets in my life
it all happened for a reason and handled
I'm very thankful that God gave me what
I would have had it I went through what
I went through because it made me who I
am today I do wish I was able to live
more in the moment at
as a teenager be able to appreciate the
time that you're in right now and not
stress so much about the future I'll
show so much about the past I always
remember to work for the future but live
in the now and it sounds so cliche but
it's so true I always now I'm working
for the future but I still don't have to
appreciate the moment I'm in this very
month in this very moment recording this
video I'll have the left have you ever
felt depressed to some extent yes I
think so a few years back when I was in
college and it mainly rooted from my
yearning to be in a relationship
um because I always wanted to be married
but it was since I was like 15 I was
like I want to be married but it just
sounds like so much fun
you get to hang out with this person all
day and you come home and you're still
hanging out with them I don't know I
just sound like a fun time and another
time when I was working at fossil like
towards the end I was just miserable I
did not like what I was doing and it
completely killed everything else in my
life now that I have my just try my best
and leave the rest up to God
I'm able to relinquish those worries
basically just know that God has a plan
for me I can be sad depressed and mope
around about the state that I'm in but
that's not going to make God's plans
come any faster for me so I just pray
that God you know places happiness in my
heart to work on bettering myself and I
move towards things that make me happy
and move away from things that don't
make me happy like my job that was just
very unhappy there so I loved it and in
terms of being in a relationship and
wanting to have someone that I haven't
now just set my mind that all that I'm
doing right now everything that I do
every event that happens to me is all
and build up for the moment that God has
planned for me to meet my wife so me
being unhappy about not having someone
right now isn't gonna make my wife come
any faster God has a specific date and
time for me to meet my wife and all I
can do is patiently wait and pray that
he gives me the patience to wait for
that moment you have to find God before
you can find your spouse you know what I
mean advice on how to be productive not
just in an academic sense but also how
to use your time to cultivate hobbies
etc learning how to prioritize your time
that's super important there are so many
things that I want to work towards but I
have no time to do all of it so
basically I have a Google Calendar that
breaks down every day for me one day
I'll specifically
educate to my fashion and my apparel
design another day I'll specifically
dedicate to social media and YouTube or
I'll have a day specific dedicated to my
health like go in a gym and prepping my
meals or you know doing chores and
cleaning my room and cleaning the house
but the main thing for me is to always
have one goal to accomplish everyday but
for me it might be like complete two
full garments by the end of the day or
shoot one YouTube video today or shoot
two vines
today but by giving yourself something
to accomplish every day when you do
accomplish those tasks you'll feel like
you're moving forward and you won't um
hit that that lazy slum that people
often hit and essentially make them
unproductive have you ever had to lie or
hide something about yourself like
religion just to fit in mmm no because I
mean that's why I had my first identity
crisis in high school because everybody
was doing things that I did not do as a
Muslim and so I just removed myself from
them mainly because I feel like if at
any moment in your life you put your
religion to the side for something in
this life then essentially you're
putting that thing in front of God and
for me that's never gonna happen my God
is always number one who is your style
icon there's this guy named Danny dos
Santos his social media name is Al
caress or something like that he's this
French menswear blogger he's actually a
picture of his kind of came up in the
Muslim Twitter because his clothes kind
of look Islamic inspired poem let me
pull up a pic this dude see it looks so
is that oh my god it's so legit but yeah
he owns his own clothing brand called
boy Dumas you basically he's amazing and
everything that he designs his apparel
he designs and even his art direction
and like on Instagram it's amazing how
did you learn to make clothing basically
I just picked up my mom's sewing machine
and I started messing around with it
read like the how to guide on how to use
a sewing machine and I watched a bunch
of YouTube videos and a vigil I don't
know how to make patterns like how to
construct a garment and so I just kind
of looked at clothes that I had and just
stare at it study it and figure out how
things came together and then I just
started cutting cutting song together if
it didn't work try it again what's up
with your attachment with the color
white it's so refreshing it's so clean I
mean I love
block and like graze just as much as on
white but something specifically about
what it's just so crisp is it just me
like whenever I see anything that's very
white bright I just feel happier a
little more lighthearted I think it just
kind of has to do with like Jenna or
heaven maybe because it's like you know
whenever you imagine in heaven it's all
very white and bright and crisp and
beautiful maybe there's like a
subconscious connection between heaven
Jenna and why at all and for me it's
such a statement to be able to wear just
white or just black or like plain
clothes your form of simplicity and
minimalism if you're able to pull it off
it's like and it's timeless it's never
going to go out of style in 20 years I'm
not gonna look back and go oh my god why
did I wear that white as opposed to
everyone who follows trends and warm it
green when Mitt Green was in and now
it's not and so you have a bunch of
green things in your closet you're never
gonna wearing it when will we be able to
see your new clothing line / buy clothes
PS you are amazing oh shoot spot ha ha I
can't give a specific date but just soon
inshallah inshallah what do you use to
take your artsy pictures my phone I do
not believe in lugging around a huge
DSLR camera when I'm going out I only
use my DSLR when I'm shooting these
videos for YouTube everything else like
my Instagram pictures my just
photography general um my vlogs all on
my phone
Thanks iPhone 6 um what do you do when
you're bored I don't really ever get
bored I always have something to do but
he bothers me when I hear people say oh
I'm bored thinking there is not one
thing in this life that you could be
doing right now they nothing for you to
do right now really I prefer the word
free time um but in my free time we're
reading up on the foot on or Islamic
type stuff working on my ha to be my
first have also been trying to learn the
different mohkumat or the scales that's
used in reciting put on or inaudible
music form at the gym working on my
health you know prepping food putting
time with my family that's basically in
my life right there would you ever come
to the UK and do a meet and greet oh my
god yes that would be so legit it's just
a matter of me actually go out of UK
dough
haha I need to get there and then I'll
have a meet and greet button shot a lot
I know that there's like this big Muslim
Expo every year and so I made
Shahla I might try to attend that next
year 2017 for the whole fashion aspect
of it shablow maybe how do you deal with
the stereotypes of being a Muslim male
fashion designer the fact that people
think that I'm soft or it's a very
feminine feel to be getting into there's
nothing really to deal with because I
don't really care I do it because I love
it not because I'm trying to impress
people actually confident enough in who
I am and my masculinity um so I don't
care how did your parents meet um they
were both flight attendants for quick
air weights back in the 80s or 70 that's
where I mentioned a while back that my
family has like a slight cage influence
because my dad grew up in Kuwait and my
mom lived in Kuwait for like ten years
opinion on Muslim girls who don't were
the Hejaz I knew it just as any other
part of the religion that people
struggle with like struggling to make
the five prayers unfortunately it's just
a lot more apparent and that's why it's
a lot more prone to judging it by others
because it's a lot more up front that
you're not taking part in an aspect of
the religion but that does not mean that
it should be judged yes it is part of
the religion but you don't understand
where they are in their life or the
struggle that they're going through at
the moment obviously you know if you
want to help someone it's encouraged in
the religion to you know help your
fellow brothers and sisters in the
religion but there's a way to do it and
that's where most people fail is that
whenever they want to encourage someone
to do something in the religion they do
it in the wrong way typically they
announce it to everybody on Facebook or
on Twitter Instagram calling someone out
and being like hey this is not how to
wear the hijab that is not how you how
you help someone in the religion if you
want to help them you talk to them
privately do not embarrass them in
public and you always come from a place
of love and encouragement not from a
place of judgment food back to just
being nice
just be kind just understand where
people come from if the promise laptops
of Saddam lived in these times do you
think that he would be on Twitter and
Instagram blasting these girls for not
wearing hijab no it would be a very
private matter that you discuss with
them one on one not fun of everybody in
their mom are you planning to leave the
u.s. if Trump wins uh no I don't believe
in letting
people's actions affect my decisions in
my life I'm going to be moving out of
the US which I probably won't ever do
it'll be because I made that choice not
because some ignorant idiot is ruling my
country and I thought the best way to
affect change is by working within and
working from the belly of the beast like
in The Hunger Games I think if a fan
ever saw him in public and wanted to say
hi and take a picture with you would you
mind no not at all I love when people
come up to me I get a lot of tweets from
people saying they saw me in public but
they were too uncomfortable to come say
hi to me I'm like why would you not say
hi always my response why would you not
come up to me what the hell you had to
would you choose YouTube over design or
the other way around and why I love
design and that's something that's for
me and I enjoy doing for myself but I do
YouTube in my social media for others
which I find a lot more rewarding but
influencing people in a positive way as
I mentioned earlier you know like by
inspiring them to be closer to God or
motivate them to be a better person or
push them to strive towards their goals
and that's essentially why I left fossil
because I just did not feel any reward
from what I was doing apart from making
money for the owner of the company I'm
rethinking what I want to do for my day
job like I for sure I'm going to stick
to my social media and my fashion stuff
at night but in terms of what I'm going
to do in the day time to help me survive
and eat and live um I'm rethinking
because I don't feel like I'm gonna find
any of that deeper rewarding
satisfaction from design how did you
figure out your style and grow out of
the awkward teenage stage well it wasn't
easy okay and I grow out of my awkward
stage to like two years basically I just
stopped following trends and listening
to people when they tell me about what
they think about what I'm wearing if I
like something I wore it I didn't ask
hey do you like that I don't care to ask
you what you think about my clothes I
like my clothes and all that matters the
end of being closer towards aesthetic of
minimalism and that's where I am today
but I see a lot of people were things
that I personally would never wear in my
entire life but I appreciate it and I
love it because they own it and they
stick to it because it's them do you
really have an older brother if so how
old is he yeah
I do he is four years older than me his
name is Yousef he is 28 he lives in the
Philippines he plays professional
basketball there and that is why he is
not in a lot of my videos or my content
cuz he doesn't live here he's actually
kind of a big deal there like he's
pretty well known he has his own
Wikipedia page and he has his stats and
all that stuff he's kind of a big deal
there not to brag about my brother he's
massive like I'm 6:1 he's like 6 8 but
he's just like big boned it like his
shoulders are huge where's me now you
have our little look quite chilly what's
your biggest fear I answered this in my
TMI tag video um not making it to have
it when I meet people that believe in
heaven and hell but don't work towards
making it to heaven I'm like what do you
not understand about eternity my friend
or forever I'm not trying to sit and
fire for the rest of my life I can
barely sit out in Texas heat for two
minutes to heat up my car let alone sit
in eternity and fire No thank you I
would love to go to heaven heaven sounds
like a fun place it just sounds like it
is poppin how is that a fear to be stuck
in fire for the rest of your life shoe
what is your favorite quote / verse in
the Quran and why it probably from my
favorite surah Saudi Hadid and it's
where he says whoa a mahkum am a clinton
and he is with you wherever you are that
specifically so much because I feel like
it gives me a sense of security no
matter what happens to me no matter
where I am man no matter the amount of
danger I'm in he's always going to be
there to watch over me and protect me so
which brands do you want to collaborate
with costs and Uniqlo if I could do
something with them to on my life would
be poorly made like if I could do what
Hannah
Tajima did with Uniqlo where she
collaborated as a most loving fashion
designer with Uniqlo and actually sell
her stuff in Uniqlo stores she is so
cool what are your thoughts on
interracial marriage
nobody should even have thoughts on
interracial marriage we're allowed to do
it in our religion so why should it even
be a thought like why is that even an
issue it's only a thing because our
culture's made it a thing if you do not
believe in interracial marriages then
you are saying that you are better than
the
people buy that and as a sin okay that
is not okay do you know any Filipino or
Tagalog phrases I do uh Madame Salama
Mabuhay po kayo and I um like whenever
you get hurt why I'm gonna uh pen apena
popoyo uh bag a big foamy iPad in
Palestine attacking Filipino Sam when
I'm in Barrow or para gonna get them on
the man they're a lot more I just can't
member all them right now how come your
dad and your brother aren't in your
video like I said my brother lives in
the Philippines and my dad just isn't
typically around whenever I shoot videos
and on top of that if even if you were
he doesn't like being in videos so
nothing serious favorite Bollywood movie
by the way I grew up with a lot of Basie
people a lot of Pakistanis and Indians
growing up I know enough about my you
know my South Asian folk but probably
DDLJ I know every reaction at least that
people call it then Waddington honey Lou
ginger it doesn't want my favorite hindi
song mmm mmm like I don't have a baby's
so that is all the time I had to enter
these questions y'all I don't want this
video to be like 30 minutes long which I
could answer all the question shot I'll
be answering more of these questions um
in future videos in sha Allah feel free
to comment any questions or topics that
you would like for me to discuss on this
video I just wanted to throw out that I
did open um an Instagram account that
holds all of my comedy based content
because on my impersonal Instagram I
post some of my videos and my vines and
comic type stuff but I delete them after
like 2 or 3 days because it looks ugly
on my feed and so I have an Instagram
now called supe Taha vids um where I
store and archive all of my comedy
content so if you would like to follow
that Instagram feel free to for now I
will see you guys dude move
look one of the main differences between
like regions is the pronunciation of the
letter off we have a cat and gasps then
y'all have more fat and gap the
