it was good job
Ramadan 2018 is coming up you got coming
through it's coming fast last year what
pretty well for me now Mila in terms of
being able to accomplish my goals as
well as maintain them postal Mathon now
obviously I want a piggyback on last
year's goals and maintain them for this
one month on their those goals and then
the obvious goals like praying all five
prayers on time reading Quran as much as
I can
doing more indicative throughout the day
going to that away as much as I can
those are the obvious consistent goals
don't ever change but there are a few
other goals I want to work on for this
year some new oh my god I so blurry
mix squeeze me hello my face that gross
it's not focusing right but yeah there
are certain goals I want to accomplish
for this year there are new goals ones
I've never given number one cutting out
bad habits specifically laziness not
necessarily laziness but just slowness
in general day-to-day I'm typically
productive I always have a task list and
I always have a list of things I need to
accomplish before the end of the day but
I have a bad habit of lollygagging in
the times between each task
I'll just daydream or scroll minute or
take way too long to eat like
unnecessarily long I want to work on
completing one task and moving straight
to the next with no wasted time in
between no wasted time or energy
you know what I love dogs all about
spending your time wisely and not
wasting it second goal kind of relates
to the first I want to work on not
engaging in unnecessary talk again
ensure that I'm not wasting any time
like if my mouth is running if I'm
seeking I want to make sure that
everything that I'm saying has meaning
behind it and not that I do it that
often because I don't but I just want to
be more aware of times when I do do it
and making sure that I'm deliberately
not wasting time and what I'm saying I
want to learn how to speak more with
less like in all those Tumblr posts you
know it's all good third goal I want to
capitalize on knowledge this concept of
knowledge like when I'm working on
things that don't require much thought
like when I
on a long drive or I'm eating or even
when I'm sewing or something want to try
to be playing videos about Islamic
knowledge listening to lectures
listening to speeches rather than just
like sitting there scrolling on social
media or something like that but worth
goal I want to do some messed it hopping
for thought oh we have it Allah I have
been blessed to live in an area with an
abundance of masajid like everywhere you
go there's massages but they're gonna
move on for that away I almost always
just go to the one that I grew up at but
this year I want to experience other
mosques experience new things and meet
some new people you know what I mean
just generally change it up you know
build some community in five I want to
be more deliberate in spending time on
community and relationships obviously I
always spend time with my friends and my
family during a thought and things like
that but I want to be more intentional
with it like right now I'm going to hang
out with my friends and my family to
enjoy time with my loved ones right to
be more purposeful with my time spent
with them so that I can appreciate those
moments but also still wanting to
balance that community time with my
Allah time you know spending as much
time with my loved ones as much as I am
with you know my one-on-one relationship
with my Creator number six I need to
plan around the last 10 days of Ramadan
for a later don't call it usually the
last half of it on Madonna's when people
start slacking but this year that's a
no-go we gonna get a little under this
year shot like guys it's gonna happen
but those last ten days I need to make
it my number one priority to you know be
working on my my my relationship with
God you know on Vicky the prayer get all
those things in because they're
discolored it's better you know what
they say even with the 1900 1900 one of
the biggest things I want to work on
this year is focusing I've always
noticed that I've been the type to kind
of just daydream in the middle of what
I'm doing but I just recently realized
how much of an effect it has on my day
to day I want to work on focusing on the
one task that I'm working on and making
sure that my mind is anywhere else but
in that one task whatever it may be I
get distracted and daydream very quickly
and it just elongates
tasks that can be done relatively
quickly I need to learn how to sit there
clear
my mind focus and just give whatever I'm
working on all that I have mentally
physically spiritually emotionally
everything every illy and just not have
my mind in a random place especially
when it comes to spiritual tasks like in
Salah focus is key in Salah you gotta
have that focus otherwise it's not gonna
count and I'm trying get that edge
eating I'm saying I'm trying to get
those big teeth God said I'm like you
know we made it to another Ramadan
inshallah this year this year's gonna be
success in inshallah we come out
stronger than when we went in can I get
any I mean so the year y'all move on to
