as many of y'all have seen there was a
peaceful protest for the black I was a
matter cause a few days ago in downtown
Dallas and ended up with about five cops
being killed it was a peaceful protest
and I know this because I have friends
that went that you lived near Dallas but
they can attest to say that it was
indeed a peaceful protest the protesters
were literally taking pictures with the
cops
it was super chill super mellow
unfortunately there were a handful of
people who made the stupid decision to
pull out guns and start shooting at the
cops dumbest idee I stand 100% with the
cops that that were killed that should
not have happened
killing is never the answer to a killing
inshallah god rest her soul and God is
with the families that they left behind
because I'm Pro black it does not mean
that I'm anti cop I mean you don't have
to choose one I'm Pro black I'm Pro cop
I'm anti bad cop anti racist cop but for
me the social media reaction to the
Dallas shooting only further proves the
need for the black lives matter cause
there was a far larger reaction for the
Dallas shooting than there were for any
of the killings but to step back and
look at the black lives matter cause as
a whole if those of you follow my social
channels you'll know that I often post
about the black lives matter hashtag but
I often hear celebrities or influencers
or people with big following or even
people you know you considered actually
consider acquaintances or friends to say
that I don't like talking about these
things because I don't like discussing
politics politics politics it's not
politics when someone's dying and
someone dies we're talking about a
humanity issue this is straight-up
purely people mistreating other people
and you need to be standing up for the
people who are being mistreated just
bottom line the only response that I see
is all lives matter but la yes I am but
what I said that all lives don't matter
just using common sense it says black
lives matter it doesn't say only black
lives matter do we need to add as well
at the end or two black lives matter to
what did that make you feel better we
can change the hashtag if you'd like but
I mean the problem still gonna be there
and then there are the people who say um
I don't see color well you don't you
don't know the difference between a
black person white person are you
colorblind
do you not physically see by saying you
don't see color you're saying you don't
- difference between a black person in
the white person and if you can't see
that difference then you're saying that
you can't see the problem so you're
literally just ignoring the problem and
trying to move past it when you still
have to acknowledge the problem and work
through it racism and discrimination
against black people or the darker
people has always been a thing since the
dawn of time it's always existed it
isn't something new this is always it's
always been an issue it's always been
there though 60s black people were given
complete equal rights to white people um
by the book by the law yes it says that
they are considered equal but that does
not mean that all of a sudden everybody
wakes up and racism is gone no it's the
lingers it's still a social issue
everybody just shut up about it it was
more blatant back in the day it was more
out in the open but nowadays it's just a
little bit more silent it's not it's a
little bit quieter it's not as obvious
as video of this black guy who turned on
his engine his car engine and it scared
the duck the two kids of this white lady
she ran up to the black guy started
calling him the n-word like multiple
times calling him a racist call him a
piece of crowd race car engine he didn't
turn on his car engine because he's
black he turned on his car engine
because he needed to go that's why he
turned it on lady bring up race when it
has the one race has nothing to do with
anything in the situation it's solid
proof that the racism still exists to
this day it's just it's just hitting and
it's triggered when a black person does
something to piss them off so again
these things have never been uncomment
these things have always been there it's
just not been as upfront but now with
social media there's proof we see it
there's a video of it we can see it for
our own eyes so it should be it should
be simple people see the video see that
there's discrimination going on they
fight for it but that's not happening
everybody's seeing these videos going
well that's cuz they're black
oh they might have done something in
their past um no no no this has nothing
to do with their path well it all stems
from this fear of black people and
family interact with black people so
they're just automatically scared of
them so as soon as they approach them
they do something that scares them boom
they shoot them no that's not happening
too good it's kind of like Oh white
supremacy and white privilege mix with a
little bit of fear of black people and
ignorance an extra amount of
discrimination that all adds up which
all results in what's happening
right now well has always been happening
with black people when I remember I met
this black girl who told me that she had
her parents would tell her when she
leaves the house and goes to a certain
area of the city that she needs to be
careful with the things that she says
were the things that she does or the
books that she gives in fear of how
people are gonna react to her and
thinking like no that's not that's not
how people should have to live that's
the moment I woke up and I thought wow I
did not realize that it was still this
bad for black people I don't have to
fear to show who they are or their
beliefs in fear of how white people are
going to react to them
can't deny someone's feelings you can't
deny an entire races emotions and
feelings that's how they feel they feel
discriminated against okay
let's fake let's fight it let's work
through it saying no it doesn't exist
it's not gonna help
it's starting to rain and so it's
getting really dark and creepy again my
bad but the main point the whole reason
why I'm making this video I want to see
more of the Muslim community speaking up
for the black lives matter cause some of
us you know speak up for it but it's not
where it could it could be a lot
stronger of a voice because number one
we know what discrimination is like as
Muslims so if there's anybody to fight
for them
it should be us too because it's not
only issue here in America but it's also
a huge issue in our home countries in
the Middle East in South Asia
if everywhere all the Muslim countries
there is and has always been a
superiority of light-skinned people
versus the dark-skinned people
especially not of culture light-skinned
is considered classier than the
dark-skinned people in South Asian
Pakistan India and Bangladesh it's
you're considered prettier higher class
because you're light-skinned people look
down upon you if you're dark-skinned and
is the worst possible thing to think of
people especially with our religion that
speaks 100 percent against that
constantly speaks about equality but
this issue of discrimination against
dark people has always been an issue
since the time of our prophet Oh way
back in the day this hadith that talks
about how all mankind originates from
Adam and Eve and that a white person is
not superior over all black and black is
not superior over a white and Adam is
not superior over nanohub and anonymous
on superior to Adam except in PD and
action or good deeds yes Emma that's how
it's from Heidi Bugatti but even if it's
not a strong hadith it just shows that
this is something that's always been
going on but why why is this still an
issue centuries later
number three black people are part of
our community I shouldn't even be saying
like they and us there's a very large
african-american portion of the Muslim
community that had no ties back home
they're purely American like layer 100%
American generation generation in
America and on top of that we do have
most of Americans that do have ties to
back home like from Somalia Sudan or a
rich really Theo Pia even honestly and
you have black people in Palestine
they're a part of our community so why
are we not speaking up for them they are
technically our people they're part of
our Ummah but even if they're not part
of our Ummah we should still be fighting
for them and speaking up for them which
brings me to number four our religion
tells us that we have to how many times
the Quran say in nah blah you have been
oppositely indeed God loves those who
act justly said that other billion times
the noise post one of my favorite is let
me pull this up there Hank it says o you
who have believed yeah you hell Athena
be persistently standing firm in justice
persistently not one time not two times
always persistently Conoco women always
standing even if it be against yourself
even if you call yourself out and you're
hurting yourself you've got to stand for
justice or your parents and relatives
whether one is rich or poor God is more
worthy of both so the Khiladi and
there's the proof right they all people
that are oppressed stood together things
would definitely I honestly think that
things would change because I mean
technically we're all being oppressed by
the same group of people so we can't
keep sitting in our own corners doing
our own thing and praying one day uh
hopefully things are going to come
together so this is my official call-out
to the Muslim people and my followers
and my other followers who might not be
Muslim to be to speak out um for this
cause as if it were your own cause I do
not want to see any comments that say
well what about foolish thing what about
Syria what about rockwool Oh symbol if I
see that delete block those comments are
literally the equivalent to all lives
matter
just because we're supporting black
lives matter does not
now we're not supporting fellow state in
Syria and hadith although we can support
one another I constantly post we all
constantly post about what's going on
back home there's no reason that we
can't do both nothing in this world
would change everybody's sitting here
worrying about their own problems have
you never seen the movie ants
you
