is maybe what is this one no hey
him you know I always tried to keep a
realistic portrayal what my life is on
my social media to not have things
overly set up but I also don't want to
look dirty little throw I think we get
this chair isn't noisy me laughs my
mother like hey y'all what's good guys
get hot and open a window so how's life
it's been been a good life but who wants
four months so I haven't done a tag or
like question type video and I'm like
almost here
and so I decided to make one that
relates to why I've been on a break from
YouTube for the past life for months but
your boys back in school you knocked on
get me edumacation or st. Jacques I'm
trying to be smart it was a super
last-minute decision I really wanted to
start in spring 18 semester and so I had
to cram three months of studying for the
Graduate entrance exam into three weeks
and I come to learn that I suck at time
to standardized tests like
but I did get in and hamdullah even
though my score was well the best for
believe handle F though it's taking me a
while to get the hang of having now go
back to school and get used to schedule
but I mean I think now we we've said but
yeah we're gonna do a back to school day
question one what grade are you going
into I'm in my first year of grad school
I hold a bachelor's in visual
communication with a minor in
communication studies China you know
yeah my master's degree can I move up in
the world China you know just trying to
do a big thing is you know um question
to you what will you be studying I am
working towards a master's in business
administration or an MBA if you will
I was gonna take a general route but I'm
kind of super into my marketing class
right now so I'm actually considering
doing a content
in marketing number three what made you
choose your major mmm there were
multiple reasons there like three main
reasons one I think I didn't really feel
satisfied my bachelor's degree I think
deep down it really bothered me that I
just stopped there and I never went on
because I didn't have any intention of
going back to school because I I assumed
that was gonna be in the creative field
for the rest of my life I'm in the
creative field you don't need to do
anything above a bachelor's degree I
feel like I've always been one to push
myself and just go above and beyond
especially in education and academia so
getting a graduate degree would satisfy
that and the second reason as some of
y'all know I launched my clothing line a
year ago and it went really well I mean
I'm gonna say all the time round two of
the line is in the works isn't there
making a shot oh you know just pretty
much it works through but one aspect of
launching a line that really held me
back and even actually till now it still
holds me back is my lack of knowledge on
the business side
I know product I know creative I know
branding but the back end stuff the
business side especially like my lack
and confidence in the back end stuff
made any sense of growth really
difficult it's why I'm getting my degree
in business so I can learn more about
finance and supply chain and marketing
and operations and I know I could easily
do all the stuff online and learn it by
myself but that brings back to number
one you may want to further education
and the therm using is that if I ever
want to go back to the corporate world
I'll be qualified for a non creative
position I think I had my run in a
corporate creative field I think moving
forward I'm probably gonna keep a
creative stuff on my personal affairs
like my line and then for work I'll
probably do more business type jobs like
probably more into marketing question
for what school are you attending that
is a very personal and intrusive
question and I will not be answering
that cuz that's kind of creepy
I'm trying to have y'all know it was
school I go to us like too much personal
information
limits you guys limit personal bubble
personal space so many hours or credits
are you taking I am full time so nine
hours or three classes which is
considered a full-time for grad school
what classes are you taking I'm taking
economics marketing and business law
which is actually amazing because all my
years of watching criminal shows like
Law & Order SVU has come extremely handy
all the LA vocabulary that we're
studying in class I'm saying Brock I
know what that is litigation what is
your schedule like I only have one
that's an eclair
and unfortunately in grad school
everything that night and so it's once a
week at nighttime for three hours which
is kind of mentally and physically
exhausting the other two classes that
I'm taking are online and I assume that
they're gonna be easier whoo was
wrong it is so much it seems like
there's 20 times more content to cover
via this online class but I do like that
I can go on my own pace which is really
helpful especially I have things to do
in the daytime
well yo online classes have evolved
since I graduated in 2013 now there's
such thing as a lockdown browser where
you can't access any other materials
while you're taking the tests but on top
of that they record the exam like I have
to have a webcam and a microphone to
take the test it records me the entire
test and in the beginning I have to show
my ID to the camera show my face to show
that I'm actually the person they can
test and then I have to swivel the
camera around to show that there's
nobody around me and I have no other way
other means of cheating so extra what
are you most excited for honestly I
really missed the university environment
there's just so much knowledge and and
growth occurring it's just very
motivating you don't find that once you
graduate in the real world the working
world non-existent but in school it's
about moving forward and you know doing
things in your life and weirdly I'm very
excited to learn in my classes is in my
bachelor's I was kind of just like meh
about actually wanting to learn things
and that's typically the case for kids
who just graduated high school because I
ve been in school for how many years and
then we have no more school she's like
we don't really want to do this but then
I got a taste of not being an education
system and I'm just like yo I need to go
back but hey I'm glad this time around
I'm super eager to learn and it's making
a really big difference like it's making
things a lot more enjoyable what are you
most nervous for I don't get nervous
from opinion sighing I was pretty
nervous being dropped into a field I
have very little knowledge in a lot of
people in my classes who have business
experience or business degree and I'm
just sitting there with my professional
experience in fashion art direction
obviously not to belittle my experience
and I'm done birthday
what I have but there definitely is
going to be a learning curve a process
in getting used to the curriculum class
started about a month and a half ago and
I'm just now getting the hang of things
that haven't left so I think think again
place is y'all when do you graduate and
Shylock everything goes as planned fall
of 2019 is the time low key though I'm
just really eager to wear that neck
thing that you wear when you graduate
with a bachelor's degree it like hangs
from here and it falls back behind your
gown and on cap and gown thing like that
looks elegant when you walk it's just it
flows back it's just I'm trying to get
that you know where do you study
I typically study in coffee shops or in
very aesthetic places of my University I
just cannot study in those ugly dingy
overly lit corners this has got to look
good if I want to feel good I got to be
surrounded by goodness and things that
look good especially the lighting the
lighting has to be calm and dim and
Moody
it can't be beaming down on me like I'm
in a hospital you know what I mean like
the fluorescent lights
none of us too bright I have to be
surrounded by people I mean things
happening around me I need like that
white noise
let us go crazy and those cubes and a
library where is dead silent
now what helps you study I absolutely
have to be on a full stomach
I cannot be hungry in any way possible
and I'm taking consistent breaks
throughout my study sessions especially
the breaks for Salah when you got to go
pray
I need those five minutes of completely
disregarding what I'm studying and
focusing completely on God and pleasing
God and thinking about having any study
tips schedule your readings and
assignments weeks ahead I cannot stress
that enough like as soon as I got the
syllabus for my classes on the first day
I went on my calendar and plotted all
the due dates and test dates for the
entire semester and then like every two
or three weeks I plot out what sections
and what chapters I have to read for
those two or three weeks now I have to
recommend Google Calendar it is the most
innovative amazing thing in all of
existence you can access it from your
computer your laptop or your phone and
you can have different calendars that
you can check off and help you organize
and actually let me show you really no
bag is right here pull my laptop or my
calendar it okay let's look at this how
do you this is
very uncomfortable I don't know what I'm
doing my economics test was last Sunday
I have another test in economics next
week and so I had like read economics
chapters 5.1 a 6.1 on Monday on Tuesday
economics chapters six point two to six
point three so on and so forth and then
I have like the major events like the
test economics test on Sunday B law test
next next Thursday
let plot it out B la chapter eight be
left hunter nine ten and so on and so
forth Google Calendar you guys the other
with that also making sure you're taking
care of your body is huge for me and
gotta be eating well and kind of eating
healthy and I've been drinking as much
water as I can going to be exercising
and very important sleep guys like if I
don't get a good amount of sleep I will
have zero recollection of the content
that I covered prior to falling asleep
it would be so cool
do you listen to music if so what kind I
cannot listen to music with lyrics one
on study like I can't concentrate and
read words when words are being said or
sung around me I just can't like focus
on however I did find this playlist of
arm be slash to modern jazz
instrumentals and that has been my go-to
how do you dress the school you know
there are two types of people when it
comes to clothing and universities like
people either dress super lay back and
very very casual or they're just pretty
well put together I'm more so the put
together side not protect just like I'm
walking around on a blazer and like
dress shoes or something but I always
try to portray that I put in some sort
of thought into what I'm wearing and I
feel like I kind of get that give that
vibe off on my social media at least I I
hope or try to and that was the last
question I pray that those of you who
are in school do well this semester and
shot love well yeah don't forget to
thank God for waking up every morning
that you do and please keep those who
are suffering around the world in your
prayers in sha Allah I'll see you guys
later
you
Oh
