what's up y'all so I'm gonna start a few
years before I was actually born because
I feel like those years had a huge
effect on my soon-to-be life as some of
y'all know I'm half Palestinian and half
Filipino my dad being Palestinian in my
mom being Filipino my parents met in
Kuwait um they both worked for Kuwait
Airways as flight attendants so they
have all these amazing pictures and
stories of them in countries all over
the world the firstborn was my sister
alia who was born in San Francisco where
my mom's cousins lived she receives
American citizenship there and I'll get
to why that's important in a second then
my brother Yusuf followed who was born
and quit now in 1990 the Gulf War had
begun with a dock and Kuwait had become
a really unsafe place to his children
some of my family moved to a man and
some moves back to Vidya and fellow seen
but with my sister being an American
citizen my family was given the chance
by the US Embassy to move to America and
so they did they flew my family to
America and my family eventually ended
up in Texas in the dallas-fort Worth
area where two years later they had me
on July 3rd 1992 I was a big baby
mashallah I was about nine point six
pounds I grew up in ulis a small suburb
in the middle of Dallas and Fort Worth
it's basically the best city in Texas
it's amazing and I loved it I was a
really quiet kid growing up any time my
parents introduced me to someone I'd
hide and wrap myself in my mom's skirt
and just turn extremely red my family
was literally concerned about how I turn
out because of how I was I was really
into books so my parents put me in
kindergarten a year early I eventually
started Elementary School which I loved
even the homework part just everything
about it in first grade my school asked
my parents if they'd let me skip a grade
because I was a little more advanced
than my classmates but my parents
decided it'd be best for me to just stay
and grow up with the kids my age
especially considering I was already
you're younger than everybody else I
didn't have that many autumn around me
growing up just a distant uncle and his
family and another family we're not
actually related to but I consider them
family more than I do anybody else how
do my soon basically helped raise me
until this day
I consider her my second mom their son
Murad was my best friend growing up as
well as the daughter of one it was
always us three together causing
mischief socially I did all right in
elementary school just cuz like most
kids I was relatively more outgoing as a
child but not so much in June majority
of my school friends went to another
junior high and I basically had to start
all over
Rowland was a year ahead of me but went
to Islamic school and Murad was a grade
below me my antisocial tendencies came
back and I had a really hard time
adjusting because when I'm with my
friends I'm really loud and outgoing but
alone I'm extremely shy so I was never
one to approach others and I basically
spent all of seventh grade alone eighth
and ninth grade were a bit better
because I joined gymnastics and I got
really cool with the whole team and I
must say I was pretty good floor was my
favourite event and my high score gone
that was nine point eight out of ten
just throwing that out there but anyways
I was also taking French um there was
only one class so I had the same
classmates every year and I got pretty
cool with the people in that class as
well I was also taking all AP or
advanced placement classes which were
pretty small so by ninth grade I was
kind of cool with those classmates too
but that's exactly what they were
classmates um nothing more I didn't hang
out much out of school and I still had
that feeling inside that I really didn't
belong with a certain group of friends
or with anybody for that matter but then
high school came along the thing with my
high school was that it was extremely
culturally diverse so everyone hung out
with their quote unquote people there
were the Latinos the black people the
weird white emos Tongans Dacey's and
then not up all three of us me Rowan and
flora um I told y'all about rwan she had
left Islamic school and sada was another
family friend whose family came from
Kuwait at the same time my family did
somene Valon
kind of grew up with her I literally
talked to nobody but them to everyone in
the school was in their own world and so
was i I mean I was cool with the people
in my advanced classes but for
the most part all I did was wear
headphones and listen to oddity music up
until I had lunch with sada and Rwanda
when I sneaked off campus with them to
eat 10th grade the first year was
alright my high school was really into
sports especially football because we
were number one in the nation but I was
still the really thin awkward kid who
still hadn't gone through puberty yet
because like I said I was a year younger
than everyone and my family is made up
of late bloomers most people don't know
but I actually didn't grow up speaking
out of E it wasn't until that year of
high school that I really realized I
needed to learn I had learned how to
write inaudible in ninth grade by
self-taught but I still didn't know how
to speak it so I followed cut them I
soon around all day asking her to
translate a billion words for me
I've been practicing cuz me my sister
were going to a man again that summer
and I wanted to have my basics down
which I kind of did um I still don't
speak out of you fluently till this day
but I'm getting there that summer a man
was amazing I had so much fun but that
was also summer that my grandfather
passed away only at home or so it was
pretty bittersweet we eventually came
back and I started 11th grade that year
which was pretty much the same except
that auto lawn and slaughter were
seniors so I was left out of a lot of
events until I heard from a couple of my
fellow Muslim classmates that I'd known
since elementary um they explained to me
how they were graduating a year early by
taking extra classes that automatically
caught my interest I was already taking
advanced classes so I was basically a
whole year ahead
which meant I'd only be taking three
classes my senior year was just out of
like a waste and rollin and slaughter
would have graduated so I'd literally be
alone again so I talked to my advisor
and I planned everything out beforehand
so he noticed how much I really wanted
it and he eventually let me I dropped
all my advanced classes and switched to
regular so I have space to fit in any
extra required classes so I basically
squeezed my eleventh and twelfth grade
in one year even though I only had two
friends the entire time we totally made
our time worth it we literally did
everything together to prepare for
college that was probably one of the
best years so many good memories
graduation time came along
and that was it little 16 year old sub
hey was welcome stage outside of the
arena all of our families got together
with my dad playing the public and all
of us holding Kofi is and flags doing
debka everybody definitely knew what ups
were that day that summer we all took
basic classes together at the community
college which was a freaking blast doing
together in the fall we started
University we all went to UT Arlington
which was awesome because I'm still
really close with both of them
till this day and I considered them my
older sisters when I first started out I
was an architecture major but after a
year I slowly got the feeling that I
wasn't getting all that I wanted out of
architecture so I did what I should have
done before college and looked up other
possibilities and discovered graphic
design which automatically caught my
interest right away I switched majors
and I started taking design courses but
my out of mentality kicked in and I
started to worry about money because
graphic designers don't typically make a
lot of money so my smart self switched
back to architecture
we took the class I dropped out of but
after that semester I was told I had to
wait another semester because there
wasn't space I took blow-off classes
till the next semester when they also
nicely told me that I had to wait not
another semester but another year to get
in I was literally devastated but then I
said screw this I'll graduate on time
with graphic design and just master in
architecture I later came to realization
that I love graphic design and I can't
imagine myself doing anything else which
I wouldn't have found out if I hadn't
been rejected by the School of
Architecture it really is all about
faith in God's plan for you you never
know what he has planned and things
really do happen for a reason as cliche
as that sounds then my third year came
and the whole issue on people say videos
on YouTube were getting really popular
and I got to thinking how everyone would
tell me I had a really good odd up dead
imitation so I made a video expecting it
to literally not get past the aught of
in my area next morning I get to class
and check my video to see that it's at
25,000 views and I'm like hold up I
think my YouTube app is malfunctioning
the video eventually got bigger and
everyone was commenting saying I should
keep going with the YouTube channel I
wasn't a big fan of that idea in the
beginning but I slowly started to
realize I was basically being handed a
chance to be heard by people and a
chance for me to be myself and be able
to share that with people so I went on
with it
the following summer I had the amazing
opportunity to live in New York for the
summer and interned in the city and that
was my dream as a designer and I got to
actually live it even though I
eventually wanted to just be back home
in the south with my family and friends
I think it really was a learning
experience and I'm really thankful for
that
Honda black because I've grown so much
since then I've always had someone of a
fear of being alone even since I was a
kid I would literally be too scared to
eat alone be seen alone or just in
general be alone but being in New York
by myself really taught me that it's
okay to be alone in fact that's when you
really start to find out what kind of
person you are because you're not being
influenced by others you learn things
you like to do and things you hate to do
now I actually enjoy being alone and I
don't have this urge to always be
surrounded by people and honestly it
really has brought me closer to my
religion in time to lepke's in times
like that
you really realize you only have God to
rely on 100% sometimes I think it's a
relationship that'll fill that void I
get from being alone that a girl can
take that empty feeling away but then I
remember I have to establish a
relationship with God before he lets me
meet the girl that I'm meant to be with
for the rest of my life but anyway I
eventually moved back home before the
school year started a year passed and I
finally graduated with my bachelor's in
graphic design and this is where I am
now I stopped making videos for a while
to concentrate on graduating but I'm
back and I plan to be for a while
inshallah
I know I never thanked you guys for
supporting me with my videos I just feel
like constantly saying that makes it
seem like I have a big head and that's
the last thing I want all to think of me
but I truly do appreciate all y'all
support and love the comments likes
everything and I do go back and read
every comment on my videos so I do see
y'all support again thanks so much
taking you through this journey and shot
although there's more that leads ahead I
love y'all sit on my ankle
