what's up everybody hello people I'm
sure most of you guys know about what's
going on in because there right now last
I read the discount and because that was
at I think 100 away at home home
I also saw that there might be a chance
for I started to start a ground invasion
which is just gonna be like hell on
earth told us some of Halawa actually
goes through the reason why I'm making
this video is because if you follow me
on any of my social networks you'll see
that I've been posting about huzzah
hardcore lately and people actually
living in Gaza have been commenting me
back and riding me asking for me to pray
for them and telling me that the
situation is getting really bad there
and reading those comments just like
kills me like knowing that like I can't
physically be there for my own people to
help them out and so this videos for
them for the people of Gaza to let them
know that they're not alone we're all
here for them and they're constantly in
our prayers and told them no there are
thousands of people out there protesting
for them and fighting for their rights
and to give them some sort of hope that
not everything is lost at this point
Avila has de but a good come in know
Aquila mahakal were good enough in the
head I shine a akuma to tell rocked a
militiaman Shanklin were Linda our top
now and we'll hit home stubborn I
managed to hit that home and if this
Yakima talk you know in abnormality she
ain't emotional headphone handle is that
the album had to do nothing I managed a
la caba√±a Markham diamond or shot long
shot long shot a lot a hidden truth in
your military photo stream they may not
get into much go ahead come
padishah come to Tesla more and put the
Morocco and sha Allah Allah
Damon mark
Oh
