so I'm hot up half-half falsely and
having grown up in the Arab culture and
amongst a lot of people I've come to
notice this slight sense of superiority
a lot of superiority not just to clarify
not all atoms fall under this category
there are obviously a lot of hot ups who
are loving and extremely just also not
to say that the hot up culture is the
only one that is flawed obviously all
cultures are flawed but right now we're
in talked about thought of culture there
are just some atoms that give this the
sense that they think that they're
better than other races not only half on
up so I see this from two perspectives
one from within the community and run
from outside the community as a half
Filipino and witnessing it with my own
eyes
firsthand I can say that for the most
part it's not that they have this known
firm belief that they think that they're
better than other people it's more
subconscious and I choose to say they
because I'm referring to that of the
happiest complex not to say no I'm not
hub but this superiority is very
subconscious it's not like they're
sitting there every night before they go
to sleep telling themselves that they're
better than everyone else I mean there
are ones that make it very clear that
they think that they're better than
everyone else but I feel like a lot of
them are unaware and don't realize that
they're making racist remarks I'm not
100% sure that they realize that the
things that they say and the way that
they refer to other people is them
putting them down it's just so deep in
the culture in how parents talk in front
of their kids who then adopt that kind
of talk and it's just passed on from
generation to generation but again there
are people who are very openly racist is
you kind of got to gauge it a little bit
I've just heard some people use a tone
to say how the hell oh I had seen how
the wide Hindi Kathak other guy like oh
he's just Asian or he's Indian or
whatever it said in such a condescending
tone and like just disregarding them
because of their race I'm like you guys
I'm more we can pick especially when it
comes to religion and Islam I feel like
a lot of people think that because the
religion was revealed to the heart of
people and the Quran is inaudible that
they take pride in it and it's not the
good kind of price we should be humbled
and feel blessed that our book is in the
language of our culture and not take it
to think that were the chosen people or
we're special in any way because we're
not it should be viewed as a blessing we
don't have to learn two different
languages like one of our
one of our religion because for us it's
the same and unfortunately a lot of us
take that for granted I mean our slaying
a tepee isn't the same classical fachada
be in the Quran but it's a lot easier
for us to study the Quran we have an
advantage like I grew up with Basie
people mostly Pakistanis and I see the
struggle that a lot of them go through
trying to grasp out of me because it's
not their native language but I don't
think of it that way y'all we're not
superior we are not special in any way
in fact we need to understand that we're
held to a higher standard because the
Quran is in our language it comes easier
to us so we have to work just as hard to
prove our dedication to the Quran like
the people whose first language is not
oughta be can you imagine how many good
deeds are getting because it doesn't
come as easily for them we all know that
there's blessing and but a key in the
struggle for Allah imagine how much
they're getting god mashallah
Mussa may God bless those who are trying
to learn to put on and it might come
easier for us but that doesn't mean like
us we're done we're good we're cents no
no no no no no yeah boy
yeah well that we have to work just as
hard to prove ourselves to God everybody
needs to realize that nobody's better
than anyone else as obnoxiously cliche
as it sounds we are all equal but you
gotta think of it in relationship to God
and that should humble you God is up
here human beings are down here you see
that God human beings we're all in the
same field we're all in the same plane
we're all below God it's all that bad
understand that and understand how you
speak to people and how your words are
being perceived by them your intentions
might be good but the words that you are
saying might affect other people another
way might be perceived in another way a
way that could be perceived as racist
now you the one watching this video if
you hear someone make a racist remark
you have to be the one that calls enough
you have to be the one that respectfully
informs them that that kind of talk is
not okay emphasis on respectfully don't
yell up them in front of everyone and
try to discipline them politely let them
know preferably one on one that that
remark was kind of racist even if it be
to your aunt or uncle which it usually
is just respectfully and
non-judgmentally talk to them and you've
got to think of it in this way that
person that made that racist remark
might literally have no idea that what
they said was racist you might be the
first person that has ever told them
that that kind
talk is racist just think about that I
understand that they literally might not
know they might just be ignorant to that
fact now especially if you're on up you
need to understand that it is your duty
as a dub to fix this mentality within
our culture because the change is not
going to come from the people outside of
the culture it comes from within we got
to be the ones that fix it especially
especially if you're Muslim as a Muslim
as someone who adopted the Muslim title
it is your duty by God you don't that
said it is your duty to speak up against
injustice in the Quran itself it
straight up even if it be against
yourself your parents or your relatives
that's how serious it is we're talking
about pride and arrogance it's a sin
shabam Bevan well I love my culture I'm
pretty sure there's no other Western
atom that loves thought of culture as
much as I do there are so many beautiful
beautiful aspects to our culture but
just like any other culture we have our
issues and this out of superiority
complex is one of them one of the big
ones and it's gotta go
you
