well hello long time no see I know I've
been totally m.i.a for like a good two
months now but I'm a busy guy people
assume that just because I have no life
that I have like all this free time but
when I'm not sleeping I'm eating when
I'm not eating I'm napping when I'm not
napping I'm power napping when I'm not
power napping I'm on tumblr I have my
priorities so you know give me a break
Iraq anyways I wanted to talk a little
about a dub and how we communicate with
each other one thing I love about our
culture is that everything is already
written out on what to say during
whichever situation when someone's sick
you say Sahand duck you reply listen
when something good happens in someone's
life you say my bloke you apply a live
addict fake when someone says to Ilyich
you say no Swiss check you see so a
rather organized in the way we speak
with each other there's one for some
reason I do not know why I always forget
how to apply when someone tells me a
MOBOT look I know when someone says good
I'm with the play you say when to pit
but when someone tells me I need a
buttock I'm just like on the morning of
8 I always get those 8 Mubarak text
messages and I'm just like a mobar to
you - then there's the cheek kissing
part which I say we rather lack in
having rules or guidelines that we
should go by till this day I do not know
whether it's two kisses or three kisses
like with my family it's usually two
kisses and then you give them a hug but
then with other people it's like a dance
class that I did three okay okay gotcha
touch
did you see the word awkward written
across my forehead in that you know and
there's the one that gives like 65
kisses in total that I'm has a gay panic
um okay huh ooh
think I'm a text it's like okay Hemet I
feel like we should have like a standard
number that we all go by or like a rule
book to prevent all these these cycles
of awkwardness
then there's the awkwardness of when you
get older and you don't know which
answer supposed to kiss or like shake
their hand because well four girls would
be like your uncle but that's just that
awkwardness because you're older now and
when you were a kid it was normal
because you're young but you're older
now so it's like hand kiss well that's
for like the ants that you're not that
close with like not your uncle's the
further down the line trick is to let
them lead like all you do is go in for
the handshake and then if you see them
get closer that's when you go in for the
cheek is this works every time almost
the time after that you have the
greetings of which you're being
bombarded with like a billion questions
and you're just like flustered and
overwhelmed because it'd be physically
impossible to answer every single one of
those questions so you end up just
saying and have the left to everything I
say it having to land them Leah along
with the head nod and yes it simply I
know some smart guys gonna try to
correct me but I know some people say
near but we're fine dad we say Mele
seriously it always works it's like
getting high Li Shu and Becky armories
and i netwo you know nothing gets the
handy if mama why do you say yeah I'm
not happy with my opinion in the end
it's awesome yeah I damn sure love and I
love that about us yeah that's pretty
much it
so next on or not have a massive hunger
headache right now
