what's up people I'm just gonna get
straight to the point we're so good now
I know everyone and their mom knows
about this whole Kony 2012 thing right
all over Facebook and Twitter and Tumblr
and myspace was still cool and probably
be on there too now don't get me wrong
of course I completely support any cause
against any form of mistreatment against
people what pisses me off is how little
support I see on social networks for
Syria and now has own people thought up
the muslimeen they're all dying back
home and I'm getting an event invitation
for this Kony dude literally every to
out how much support I see for this
cause it honestly seems like people are
doing it just because everyone else is
doing it and it's the cool thing to do
which is just weak like I said I
completely support this whole Kony 2012
thing but if you're gonna go all gung-ho
and hella advertising for a cause at
least know what's going on in your
homeland oh and another thing for the
most part the little support I see for
Syria are all from Syrians like this is
our problem as a dub we only care about
what's going on in our own countries
like during all the huzza attacks a few
years ago majority of the people I saw
supporting philistine were full of
singing same with the Egyptians the only
people supporting with the Egyptians
same with the Libyans and now we're on
to Syria and it still hasn't changed
like what kind of people are we as
auto-icon Jed we're a really selfish
people everyone just looks the other way
and says oh well it's not my country in
my head things would be so much more
different if we were a lot more United
than we are right now I'm not gonna lie
and act like I do as much as I can to
support all these countries but I do
always spread the word as much as I can
and I do go to all the protests my point
being I honestly don't think I see
enough support for Syria and for those
who don't know
today's a second day because there's
been attacked and I think 15 people have
died I'll put the link of the article I
read below I just want to see more
support for our people like I want to
see posters about Gaza in Syria on
Facebook like up the but to the point
where I get annoyed of seeing so much
support for my
there's a protest in your area go to it
sacrifice in like two hours of your day
they're already a whole cause thing for
fall scene is called like Netanyahu 2012
or something like that and I'll link it
below but I still want to see support
for Syria not only do they need our
support people they also need our
prayers like whether you're Muslim
Christian or Jewish pray we as humans
can only do so much to help and in the
end it is in God's hands as to what
happens next so pray
Davo become Idaho I mean like one tiny
little short thought I mean like a legit
one one that's done like in the middle
of the night when no one's awake and
it's pitch black in the room and there's
candles all around you and put on
playing in the background
like a legit dot I'm probably gonna get
hella hate for this video but sticks and
stones might break my bones but people
in because and Syria are still dying I
really do hope I start something
different soon keep in touch I'll talk
to you guys later peace of love
you
