day five 95 of the Trump administration
and the president's lawyer Rudy Giuliani
told The Associated Press tonight the
President Trump will not answer Robert
Muller's questions in writing or in
person on the subject of obstruction of
justice but earlier tonight Giuliani
told NBC News obstruction questions are
not ruled in or out we'll have much more
on this and an attempt to sort it all
out in just a moment but first president
Trump just wrapped up a rally way out
west far from the troubled atmosphere
inside his own West Wing if it's
Thursday it must be Billings Montana
where tonight they heard the president
attacked the anonymous official from his
own administration who wrote that
surprising and scathing op-ed yesterday
in The New York Times the latest act of
resistance is the op-ed published in the
failing New York Times by an anomalous
really an anomalous gutless coward
you just look he was nobody knows who
the hell he is or she although they put
he but probably that's a little
disguised that means that she but for
the sake of our national security
the New York Times should publish his
name at once I think their reporters
should go and investigate who it is that
would actually be a good school
that would be a good stick unelected
deep state operatives who defy the
voters to push their own secret agendas
are truly a threat to democracy itself
the New York Times is reporting tonight
that the White House has a list of
suspects and ideas are being floated to
catch the author quote Senator Rand Paul
of Kentucky and ally of mr. Trump's
recommended that the president forced
members of his administration to take
polygraph examinations and there was at
least briefly some discussion of that
among advisors to the president another
option mentioned by people close to mr.
Trump was asking senior officials to
sign sworn affidavits that could be used
in court if necessary one outside
adviser said the White House had a list
of about 12 suspects meanwhile many
close to the president are racing to say
it's not them and to put as much
distance between themselves and the
op-ed as possible so far over two dozen
administration officials have denied
they are the author of the piece as the
White House searches for what they call
the anonymous gutless coward and today a
new report from Axio says there are
plenty of White House officials working
in that quote quiet resistance quote to
senior administration officials reach
out reached out to Axios to say the
author stole the words right out of
their mouths quote I find the reaction
to the New York Times op-ed fascinating
that people seem so shocked that there
is a resistance from inside one senior
official said a lot of us were wishing
we'd been the writer I suspect I hope
Trump knows maybe he does that there are
dozens and dozens of us First Lady
Melania Trump also weighed in today
after beginning her statement by saying
Free Press is important to our democracy
first lady continued to write in part if
a person is bold enough to accuse people
of negative actions they have a
responsibility to publicly stand by
their words and people have the right to
be able to defend themselves - the
writer of the op-ed you are not
protecting this country you are
sabotaging it with your cowardly actions
White House press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders ramped up her attacks
on the New York Times today by releasing
a phone number for the newspaper she
told people on Twitter
if they want to know the author of the
op-ed at the Times Jonathan Lemire of
The Associated Press has new reporting
tonight on the president's reaction to
all of this let's bring in our leadoff
panel for a Thursday night the
aforementioned Jonathan Lemire White
House reporter for The Associated Press
Nancy cook White House reporter for
Politico Eli Stoke Will's White House
reporter for the LA Times we welcome all
three back to the broadcast
mr. Lemire Trump went on a rant out in
Montana tonight of note on social media
his pronunciation of anonymous also
talking about Lincoln's Gettysburg
Address he said many of us know it by
memory that was notable went on a rant
about impeachment almost treating
himself as a disassociated third person
character of it what does it say
about what you know to be his state of
mind he also suggested that Lincoln was
some in the Gettysburg Address for
something that was not too popular at
the time but as like his speech like his
speeches as the decades went on it was
seen more favorably he predicted the
same for himself yeah so he made the
Lincoln comparison
certainly this is a moment where
impeachment or certainly crisis is on
the mind of the president that people
closest to him he is in our reporting
sort of in a very much of bunker
mentality right now where he is not sure
who he can trust he believes that that
it's not just perhaps the mythical deep
state that has been there in place
before he arrived but even some of his
closest advisors have been working
perhaps against him he's this this op-ed
comes on the heels of the Woodward book
which and they seem to be on there very
much the same theme the president see
getting in the way of the president
trying to stop him trying to get in
between him his worst impulses perhaps
and the American people this is a
remarkable scene today where we had some
of his cabinet members some see or aides
even the vice president falling all over
them exactly right had to go out there
publicly on the record say it wasn't me
I didn't write this a number of them
threw in a bunch of attacks on the media
to sort of further please the audience
of one watching in the Oval Office the
White House certainly is trying to sort
out who did this
you know the president is is
you know our reporting is absolutely
incense he is fuming he is talking to
confidence he believes there's no one he
can trust he's even casting some doubt
and perhaps and members of his own
family remember some of them work in the
building that they have been to leaky
with reporters at times and that the
question now is it does this go beyond
just asking press secretary Sanders
ochite of staff Kelley to sort of ask
around and see what's going on does he
call for some sort of formal
governmental inquiry into this something
that Rudy Giuliani told me tonight
that would set off alarm bells
throughout Washington and during all
this how did the Trump agenda advance
today as always our question hey Nancy I
saw in your notes somebody from the West
Wing said to you honestly it could be
anybody what else did you learn from the
inside today well I just think from a
staff perspective right now there's a
few different points one is that people
feel like you know it could be so many
people in the administration that you
know it's hard to just narrow it down to
a dozen or ten people because there's so
many people who entered into the White
House not necessarily being loyal to
Trump but they wanted to bolster their
resume or sort of further a personal
ideology they had but they didn't really
support the campaign and then secondly I
feel like there's a real heightened
sense of paranoia right now inside the
White House people are very worried
after amaurosis book that people are
taping conversations that anyone could
be stabbed in the back at any time by
their colleagues they're worried that
you know stories about them will end up
in a tell-all book and there's just this
real sense that you can't trust anyone
and I think that goes from the president
all the way down to you know aides
throughout the West Wing and even
throughout the agencies Eli Stiles
interesting times at the New York Times
they made news themselves about a week
ago when they suddenly remove the bye
lines from the front page so we can't
look for the writing of our favorite
writers and reporters and now this
consequential decision which must have
come out of I assume several rounds of
talks and assurances what do you make of
the timing of this obviously visa vie
the Woodward book which is yet to go on
sale let's remember and the Supreme
Court hearings on the hill do you think
they are related and coordinated well I
have no reason to think that and just
listening to what James day the
editorial page editor has said publicly
about this is that they they receive
this transcript before they knew that
the leaks of the Woodward book were
going to come out they weren't thinking
about some sort of one-two punch or
overshadowing the Cavanagh hearings they
found something they thought was
newsworthy they made a controversial
decision to publish an anonymous op-ed
and and here we are I think the
interesting thing is everybody is
searching for playing this parlor game
trying to figure out who done it I think
you have to step back and ask yourself
why now as John and Nancy have talked
about a lot of our sources inside the
West Wing people who talked to the press
a lot have expressed similar
frustrations and similar
characterizations of this West Wing as
we read in that op-ed the question is
why now somebody decided to go out and
poke the bear by putting this out
publicly even if they're not putting
their name on it they knew it would get
a reaction and I think what it tells you
is that after the last couple of weeks
after we have we see the SD NY
investigation continuing that's an
existential threat to this president
you have the poll numbers going down the
election getting closer the mower probe
perhaps nearing an end stage and you
have a lot of people I think inside this
White House now sort of thinking more
long-term and considering that that
there could be an end game coming into
play before long and I think that the
fact that somebody decided to send this
to the New York Times now the timing of
it is is almost as interesting is if we
were to figure out who actually wrote it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
