president Donald Trump has laid waste to
so many norms of American governance
from the incredible chaos and infighting
in his administration the very public
infighting detailed from within this
weak and extraordinary in New York Times
op-ed too abrupt about faces in our
foreign policy we are now in a feud with
longtime close ally Canada while the
president lavishes preys on autocrats
like Kim Jong moon of North Korea
joining me now a man who knows American
foreign policy inside and out former
Secretary of State and Democratic
presidential nominee John Kerry who has
a new memoir out called every day is
extra secretary Kerry's good to have you
here you're someone that worked for
years in the Senate and then in the
executive branch particularly in the
state which is kind of almost an
independent beachhead in the federal
government and in any administration so
here's what you make of this anonymous
op-ed if you think this is cowardly
brave somewhere in between glad to see
it well I think anytime you have the
truth they put out on the table one way
or the other I think it's important I
would have preferred like a lot of
people that this person did make
themselves known and came out publicly
and resigned which they would have had
to have known obviously to do that yeah
but evidently they see themselves as so
key to preventing the president from
doing bad things that they've made an
alternative choice in the New York Times
obviously weighed that component of what
they were presented with and they
decided they needed to go public with
this it's extraordinary
information I mean it is confirmed by
and it confirms Bob Woodward's book and
it confirms everything that everyone has
been hearing and talking about in
Washington for months your old colleague
bob Corker said it out loud would he
call it a dull take care well exactly
and so it really I think heightens the
level of of concern if not crisis over
the fact that we have a president who is
not clearly not capable of carrying out
the duties and responsibilities reading
the way that one should
doesn't mean he can't make a decision
here or there that doesn't do something
positive but overall when you have a
president who attacks the Attorney
General because they're indicted a
congressman and he thinks that ought to
be made a political tool in election
season or when you have a president who
makes such a crazy decision that people
within his own administration feel
compelled to steal papers off his desk
or count Amanda's order but it's made to
secretary that means you have a
presidency in total chaos in crisis you
don't really have a full measure of
oppress in the United States under those
circumstances isn't I mean there's some
Elizabeth Warren suggesting the 25th
amendment which is a remedy that was
floated in the op-ed itself other
Democrats on the house side particular
I've called for impeachment
isn't that an untenable state affairs
like what should be done about that well
the average American citizens best
choice is to go out vote in two months
the single best remedy we have I mean
25th amendment Peter whatever it is
those tape that's going to take forever
it's not going to have the kind of
impact that the American citizen can
have if they choose to go out and vote
and we need to go out and vote because
the numbers of people who voted in the
last election are fundamentally you know
at a low level and unacceptable in terms
of participation is 54.2%
when President Obama was elected in
nineteen in 2008 it was about sixty two
point three percent that's a huge
difference
so but I want to stay on this because I
mean yes I agree that's what citizens
should do they should vote by their way
whatever that's gonna have the greatest
impact of the outcome if the House of
Representatives flips then you can begin
to create accountability on all of this
and that's important but the president
United States still has tremendous power
in the spheres of war we're making sure
and in the spheres of foreign affairs
how do you think that up that gets read
in Saudi Arabia yeah no I'm sure you
know what's getting read in Saudi Arabia
every capital is read by every leader of
every government what are they sales
what is the what is the you send back to
the capital if you were I don't know
about the cables I'll tell you what
every one of them is saying because I've
talked to some of them they're concerned
they're deeply concerned they rely on
the United States for certainty about
alliances they rely on the United States
for its ability to be able to lead at
the United Nations to be the leader of
the free world and in these current
circumstances when they see the
president United States go to Helsinki
stand up with President Putin that who
is bothering all of their processes to
and the president caves and and
literally praises Putin has nothing to
say about his hacking of America there
they realize something's wrong and
something is up and so they're concerned
they really don't know what the policy
might be from day to day the President
did get an endorsement today from
someone he has worked with he got he
tweeted this this morning Kim jong-un of
North Korea proclaims unwavering faith
and President Trump thank you to
chairman Kim we will get it done
together what do you think of the
process that's playing out there
I think it's lacking in any real return
on the investment so far it's lacking in
substance I mean the president goes to
Singapore he gave to Kim jong-un
something that Kim Jong Un's father and
grandfather always wanted and never got
which was a meeting with the president
United States but without doing more
than he wanted to do anyway because he
couldn't continue to use the missile the
the site that he had it was it was
contaminated so he blows it up makes a
big deal out of it gave up nothing we
are stopped the exercises and we've had
no response yet with respect to the
detailed accounting for the weapons they
have where they're located how many and
so forth so his interpretation of
denuclearization is very different from
ours you will remember the United States
Senate for years obviously presided over
many hearings for some very
high drama ones there's a lot of been a
lot of drama on Capitol Hill today with
the Cavanaugh hearings Democrats sort of
committing legislative civil
disobedience I guess you can call it
releasing these documents the majority
said they were actually released a lot
of people look at the Senate right now
and they say Mitch McConnell has so
violated Senate norms they're worth
nothing do whatever you can do what do
you think about that well that's not the
way to send it out of work again I think
the very best thing to do of all I mean
I'm not against a a legislative act of
disobedience that that's if that's what
people feel they have to do at this
point
fine but the far more significant impact
will come in November this year two
months from now we have election a
midterm election and that's when people
ought to be defining how they stand
where they stand and what where we ought
to have accountability and that's not a
joke when I say this to you Chris I
can't emphasize enough how much this
changes in 1970 we had this phenomenon
called Earth Day and 20 million
Americans came out of their homes and
said we don't want to live next to toxic
waste sites we don't want to breathe air
that gives us cancer and the result was
that they labeled the 12 worst votes in
the House of Representatives the Dirty
Dozen and seven of the twelve lost their
election that year and guess what
happened all of a sudden the environment
had become a voting issue and they
passed the Clean Air Act the Safe
Drinking Water Act the Marine Mammal
protected Coastal Zone Management the
EPA was created we didn't even have an
environmental protection agency until
the people lost their seats in Congress
so that's what has to happen people need
to lose new people need to win we need
better more forceful leadership in
Congress itself the book is a crisis
your life yes your book every day is
extra and it's very fascinating about
your childhood and the sort of
circumstances in which you were raised
obviously your service in Vietnam and
through the Senate
in terms of your life in the political
sphere what's the thing that's changed
the most over the course of your life in
public service
it's a disrespect for facts and the
disrespect for each other the the United
States and its ability to have
compromise and to work in a bipartisan
fashion seems to have been shattered by
an extremist element that have come in
who terrorized their own members of
their own caucus with the possibility of
a primary it began in the 1990s with
what happened in the house with Gingrich
it carried on into the tea party freedom
caucus and to now you've had a hostile
takeover of the Republican Party by
Donald Trump and and but the same
process of polarization has taken place
secondly there's an enormous amount of
self selection in the news that people
hear and get in America so if you don't
have a baseline of facts to start with
and all you do is go to your own comfort
level news we're in trouble in terms of
making our democracy work secretary John
Kerry the book is called every day is
extra it is out in bookstores now you
can pick it up
great pleasure trap it's not a policy
book by the way that's of my marks it's
a memoir I look at Woodward's book
Woodward's book states the problem and
summarizes it I think what would I've
tried to do in my book is state the
solution and show through stories and
and the journey of a country over the
last 70 years how you really solve this
problem and it is solvable I'm
optimistic that we can solve this
problem all right thank you very much
for me thank you I appreciate it Chris
take care hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
