Democrats going hard at Trump's Supreme
Court nominee today and Senator Sheldon
Whitehouse is about to join me live
today's hearing was shaped by a
revelation about Brett Kavanaugh as
positions and statements about roe v
wade because in a leaf 2003 email he
actually questioned a central claim he's
made this week that the ruling is
settled let me read it to you quote I'm
not sure all legal scholars refer to row
as the settled law at the Supreme Court
since the court can overrule its
precedent now that is basically at odds
with Cavanaugh's emphasis at least
yesterday when he said Rose a kind of a
double precedent which senator Feinstein
seized on this has been viewed as you
saying that you don't think Roe is
settled do you believe it is correctly
settled I thought that was not quite
accurate description of legal all legal
scholars because it referred all to your
point your broader point roe v wade is
an important precedent of the Supreme
Court it's been reaffirmed many times
that is a big difference of course if
it's a super precedent that's what he's
saying this week now the other
questioning was all about Muller
Cavanaugh denying he spoke to anyone in
a key law firm of trumps former attorney
that was at one time dealing with it
senator Harris said this do you know of
a conversation that Burke Cavanaugh had
with the Kazakhs law firm I have good
reason to believe it was a conversation
are you basing what are you basing that
off
information that I've received is pretty
reliable I asked him a clear question he
couldn't give a clear answer and Senator
Whitehouse says Cavanaugh should recuse
senator the the question of recusal is
something that is governed by precedent
governed by rules
what possible greater influence could
there be on who is in the seat that
you're nominated to then the nomination
of the President to that seat so two
points if I could senator first I've
said already I don't believe it
appropriate in this context to make
decisions and recusal is a decision on a
case as I mentioned Sarah Sheldon
Whitehouse is here live after a quite a
day senator with in these hearings this
week have you seen anything that you
view as disqualifying
for judge Kavanagh to be elevated to the
Supreme Court well he certainly hasn't
lifted any of the clouds of doubt about
his candidacy particularly that he's
being sent there as the president
specifically said to overturn Roe versus
Wade and second that he's being sent
there to protect the president from
ongoing criminal investigations each of
those you've been pushing hard questions
and we're looking at line footage there
as the as the testimony continues on Roe
since you mention it do you think he is
misleading your committee when he says
it's a super precedent based on what the
new email reveals I think he's being
very coy and doing his very best to
leave himself room to move to overrule
Roe there's a it's hard to pin him down
on terms but if you begin with precedent
and then improve to precedent on
precedent and then go to settled law and
then finally go to correctly decided
settled law that's kind of how the
spectrum goes and he won't say that Roe
was correctly decided he will say that
Brown versus Board of Education has
correctly decided he'll say that other
cases are correctly decided but he
leaves himself that window to overrule
Roe and he has been very slick about
dodging around that let's be direct
because these things can get rather
convoluted senator are you saying that
he is avoiding committing to upholding
Roe because that would ultimately be
perjury before the Senate if he then
overturned row and got mated on the
court well I think he's more trying to
avoid that in order to give senators
like Senator Murkowski and Senator
Collins some room to believe that he
will protect Roe and that they could be
surprised later on when he doesn't do
you think he has assured senator Collins
in any meaningful way that he is
pro-choice because the balance of what's
happened this week and you just went
through some of it seems to suggest more
that he is pro-life which would make
sense because the president committed to
only appointing pro-life justices yeah
well the question whether he's
pro-choice and whether he's pro-life
kind of runs beside the question of how
he will treat Roe versus Wade as
precedent and he has gone as far as to
say that it is settled law but he has
also said in that particular email that
you mentioned that 7 law can be
overturned all the time by the court so
the magic words that you're looking for
that he's really committed to defending
a particular precedent are that it is
correctly decided settled law and he has
not been willing to say that so he's
leaving himself the opening to go back
and overrule Roe versus Wade some
pressure that's suspicious sometime I
hope you'll forgive me senator sometimes
I say I say pro-choice because when we
get into what's correctly decided and
the day was decided it's too close to
law school and too far from the plain
language but I know what you mean I want
to turn the other the other point that
you have been pressing and a lot of
Americans are concerned about and the
dovetails with the ongoing scandal about
people inside the Trump administration
saying they are concerned about his
fitness for office which of course
matches whether there were crimes
committed in the office take a listen to
Senator Coons who pressed as you did on
these Muller issues today
I'm interested in your understanding of
the Constitution and whether or not it
prohibits restrictions on the
president's ability to fire a special
prosecutor at will so the Supreme Court
said and so you're asking my views my
views are what the president says the in
other words I follow the precedent does
that concern you why can't a current
appeals court judge simply say that
obviously the president cannot fire the
prosecutor investigating him without
cause it would be good if he could say
that but he didn't and that's I think
part of the problem he comes to us with
a record that runs from him saying that
you can't indict a sitting president and
hypothesizing the United States versus
Nixon the subpoena of the president case
was wrongly decided - then in front of
us saying that United States versus
Nixon is one of the great four cases of
history and it's really hard to work
through somebody who has taken such a
broad array of positions on the same
issue and when you try to pin him down
he just talks about precedent rather
than trying to narrow the range of
arguments that he himself has made over
time senator Whitehouse I know this is
an extraordinarily busy time for you and
your committee
I appreciate you stepping out to speak
with us tonight on an issue that I think
concerns a lot of Americans hey I'm
already melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our youtube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
