welcome back there are a lot of
questions heading into this midterm but
one thing we do know is that we're
looking at unprecedented enthusiasm or
anger for both parties on the same day
thousands of people began lining up
before sunrise to attend a President
Trump rally with Ted Cruz in Houston
thousands also gathered to cheer on
Cruz's Democratic opponent federal Roark
on this first day of early voting in
Texas they joined more than 5 million
Americans nationwide who have already
voted already voted in this year's
midterms and that should come as no
surprise when you consider the new NBC
news/wall Street Journal poll which
finds that 65% of all registered voters
have a high interest in this year's
election that is the largest number
since 2006 but what's driving that
interest and which party is benefiting
most from early voting that's still a
question that we need to answer to help
to help do that let's go to mark Murray
senior political editor for NBC News
mark okay when I go out and I talk to
voters I hear health care more than
anything else that is anecdotal what do
all of your numbers your polling what
does that show to you what are voters
caring most about right now yeah Katie
according to our NBC Wall Street Journal
poll that came out yesterday the economy
and jobs is issue number one and a close
second is health care and there's
actually a really interesting divide as
you mentioned Democrats are really the
ones talking about health care
Republicans are the ones talking about
the economy and jobs some of the other
issues Democrats are talking about the
middle class Republicans are talking
about immigration but clearly this kind
of jobs economy versus health care is
the big issues that are going on and
we're seeing playing out in a lot of ads
and in these races across the country so
who is it benefiting more this this
uptick in enthusiasm this uptick in
early voting yeah well one on the
enthusiasm what we see right now are two
fired up political parties and normally
in a midterm environment Katie you end
up having one party usually the party
that's out of power that's really fired
up the party that's in power isn't and
that was the dynamic we saw in 2006 2010
and 2014 as you and your panel are
discussing earlier this is going to be
an election unlike any other
where you have to fired up sides this
isn't even gonna be 2016 this is going
to be an electorate we have never seen
before and I think all kinds of outcomes
are very possible and as you mentioned
so how is that enthusiasm playing out in
some of the early voting well we end up
having some tea leaves in early
important states like Florida Nevada and
Arizona and right now according to NBC
News you know the early vote in places
like Arizona and Florida seems to be
benefiting Republicans you have more
Republicans turning in ballots you have
more Democrats turning in ballots so far
in Nevada but not only these tea leaves
Katy they're also incomplete tea leaves
and one of the big reasons why a lot of
this early voting the ones that
traditionally benefit Republicans those
are the vote-by-mail and Republicans so
you normally have a very big advantage
there Democrats have the big advantage
in the in-person voting where you
actually go to the voting place and cast
your ballots and that's still ongoing
and in fact a place like Florida really
hasn't even started their total
statewide early voting yet so we're
gonna need to check on these numbers a
couple of weeks from now and then
there's one of other one important
caveat we have no idea how the
unaffiliated and independent votes
breaking we only see the Democratic
versus Republicans so there they are tea
leaves it's really fun for us to watch
but they don't give you the whole
picture no they do not
interestingly when I was looking at that
most important issues the third thing
was a change in Washington so when
economy and jobs health care then a
change in Washington how large was the
percentage of people who wanted a change
in Washington and and what does that say
to you well Katie our poll actually
showed Republicans with a one-point
advantage on this question on which
party better handles that trying to
change Washington and that was a little
bit a surprising giving that you know it
is Republicans who are in charge
we've seen a really Democrats leaning
into health care not talking as much
about a culture of corruption or their
own version of draining the swamp and
trying to bring change they really want
to stick to pocketbook issues talk about
health care and one of the big reasons
why when I talk to Democratic
strategists and the ones who conduct a
lot of focus groups they believe that
many of their voters actually get
depressed the more you talk about
Washington and the more you talk about
Donald Trump and in a way leaning in on
health
is something that you're able to talk
about an issue that really doesn't
demoralize your base or at least
segments the base that don't want to
talk about the president I'm gonna ask
you because you did so much of the
prognosticating for us in 2016 you
followed the polls so closely when you
look at 2016 and you and you look at
today do you feel that there is a big
difference does it feel the same to you
what's your take my take is Katie that
one elections are always unpredictable
the most that you can end up saying is
who has the advantage or who would you
rather be and going into 2016 I was the
mindset of I'd rather be Hillary Clinton
and Donald Trump it turned out that he
ended up winning but it was still a
possibility that he could win going in
this election season 2018 at least for
the House of Representatives you'd
rather be the Democrats but there is
still a chance that Republicans can be
able to hold in hold on to power on the
house of representatives so you know one
of the great things about elections and
following this that there are so many
different possibilities that wouldn't
occur but I do think that one thing that
we should keep in mind in 2016 usually
the conventional wisdom is wrong so I
think we should all what we should do
with this unpredictable electoral
environment is to expect the unexpected
expect the unexpected is always a good
motto to go by mark murray mark thank
you so much thanks Katie hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more bit to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
