this is very important news it would
basically allow the government the Trump
administration to lock up children and
their parents indefinitely the
administration doing this with a
proposed rule through the Department of
Homeland Security extending the
potential detention of children well
beyond 20 days and depending on the case
it could be months the Trump
administration is not offering an outer
limit either instead saying they're
unable to estimate how long detention
would be extended this is chilling given
the administration's past efforts to
ramp up child detention and separation
at the border which turned out to be a
self-inflicted humanitarian crisis
ripping more than two and a half
thousand children from their parents and
which courts have now ordered this
administration to clean up now to be
clear tonight the administration's last
crackdown backfired and it was pared
down by the courts but that was not
before thousands of lives were impacted
we bring you this story this rule
changed this potential indefinite
detention of children so that you know
what the administration's up to and we
will bring you updates on whether the
courts have the final word hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
