both we've now seen the just do it
campaign and now they're gonna have a ad
tonight the NFL on and on NBC begins
tonight with with the Falcons Eagles and
Nike has made the decision to
essentially challenge the NFL by putting
this essentially in their highest-rated
regular-season game of the year
well what's amazing is that I mean
essentially Nike and Donald Trump are
filling the vacuum of sort of bold
leadership on this issue that that the
NFL is absolutely not a great way of
putting it I mean Nike Donald Trump was
like no no one knows what thing that the
Donald the NFL has been all over the map
on this they still you know a few hours
to the kickoff to the season has no idea
how to handle the this issue and so Nike
weighs in and you know Trump has weighed
in throughout the week and you know the
thing I mean I look I want to write
about football for a few years to escape
politics that may be the next book right
Danny waving the bloody shirt was
something that happened a lot in the
nineteen Senate politie sizing
patriotism is the American Way
sadly okay we've been doing it from the
very beginning but that's essentially
what this is this is the mixing of race
and the political ISM and somehow
moving-picture didn't race in an ugly
place well this is the only time I'm
ever going to be able to comment on
something even tangentially related to
football you know the American people
have the right to do whatever they want
in this regard and so does Colin
Kaepernick what offends the living
daylights out of me is I work in
national security and I have all my life
I know people who have sacrificed
everything men women children
mothers fathers you know people in our
military I'm sorry Colin you're not
sacrificing everything we're ingredients
of domes or Nike oh I'm angry at all of
them I think it's unbelievably unseemly
on inappropriate without perspective you
know make whatever gesture you want you
live in America and you're lucky as hell
to do it but the people who make real
sacrifices for you other people who
defend that right not the people who
take the knee yes oh I think there's the
legal question here is that you know
there's no there's no compulsion for the
NFL to have someone like Colin
Kaepernick on any of its teams in the
same way there's no compulsion you know
for Twitter and Facebook to give someone
like Alex Jones or conspiracy theorists
a platform but the issue of deep
platforming is one that should cut
across the board hello
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more me to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
