good evening I'm Chuck Todd here in
Washington welcome to MTP daily and
welcome to what should be a
constitutional crisis there is either a
soft cool under way inside the executive
branch or the president is unfit for
office pick your poison folks it has
been a wild day a fallout after an
anonymous senior official according the
New York Times and the Trump
administration wrote that explosive
op-ed in the New York Times describing a
team of like-minded senior officials who
view the President as an impulsive
amoral anti-democratic reckless danger
to the office he holds and the people he
represents reporters at Axio say to
senior administration officials reached
out to them to say the author stole the
words right out of their mouths
the phrase quote the sleeper cells have
awoken is circulating amid White House
aides according to the Washington Post I
mean while the president and his allies
are trying to smoke out who betrayed
them
president is demanding quote then times
must for national security purposes turn
him or her over to government at once
Times is refusing to disclose this
person's identity though who don√≠t
speculation has unleashed a torrent of
denials from senior officials and
cabinet members all claiming to quote
shaggy it wasn't me and amid the chaos
the president is angry paranoid and
increasingly isolated folks we're not
just getting this portrait of a
president viewed as unfit for office
from The Times op-ed alone though it's
the same story from White House
officials and Trump advisors to speak to
Bob Woodward or who speak to Michael
Wolfe or who speak to reporters every
day or who write tell-alls after leaving
the White House or who say he directed
them to commit a felony and on and on
and on and the crisis is far from some
fake news conspiracy it's a reality that
multiple Republican senators say they're
living with to them
The Times op-ed wasn't shocking it was
just another day hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right here for you on YouTube subscribe
now
