he thanks very much we have breaking
news for you right now NBC has confirmed
that Burt Reynolds has passed away let's
look in a little bit of his history
don't tell me your name let me guess
Burt Reynolds the macho leading-man who
appeared in 90 feature films in some 300
TV episodes could also play it for lives
your opposite Sally Field and Smokey and
the Bandit you've got a great profile
or counting around with Johnny Carson
one of the tonight show's classic
moments your first love perhaps your
only loved your idol they're ready but
he had serious acting chops to breaking
through his Lois Medlock in deliverance
we get connected up with that body and
the law this thing's gonna be hanging
over us the rest of our lives along the
way he confirmed his top leading man
status as a macho icon with a funny bone
famously posing in the buff for
Cosmopolitan magazine that was
considered shocking in its time but
Byrne also has a great sense of humor he
added all kinds of dimensions to the
sort of leading man category and in his
private life he was the leading man to a
succession of prominent women from Dinah
Shore to Sally Field to Loni Anderson
but acting is what defined in a stew
it's drawing on his experience as a
college football star to play a prison
team quarterback in The Longest Yard and
drawing on his Hollywood years to shape
the role as a pornographer with
integrity in Boogie Nights
is my goal it is my idea to make up
that the story just sucks um in a
persuasive and subtle performance that
won him Lake career acclaim including an
Oscar nomination after years away from
the headlines this has been a long
journey for me I'm I'm very very happy
from Smokey and the Bandit to Boogie
Nights as a laughs machine or an alpha
male sex symbol Burt Reynolds will be
remembered as a legendary leading man
whose career spanned more than half a
century Miguel Almaguer NBC News Los
Angeles
