there is no senate rule that that i
violated because there's no senate rule
that accounts for this process and i say
to to a chairman that i respect that I
believe has been fair and good to me I
will say that I did willingly violate
the chairs rule on the committee
confidential process I take full
responsibility for violating that sir
and I violated because I sincerely
believe that the public deserves to know
this nominees record in this particular
case his record on issues of race and
the law and I could not understand and I
violated this rule knowingly why why
these issues should be withheld from the
public now I appreciate the comments of
my colleagues this is about the closest
I'll probably ever have in my life to an
I am Spartacus moment my colleagues
numerous them said that they to accept
the responsibility there are very
serious charges that were made against
me by my colleague from Texas I I don't
know if they were a political bluster or
sincere feelings if what he said was
sincere
there actually are Senate rules
governing the behavior of senators if he
feels that I and now my fellow
colleagues who are with me have violated
those rules if he is not a tempest in a
teapot but sincerely believes that and
bring the charges go through the Senate
process to take on somebody that you
said is unbecoming to be a senator let's
go through that process because I think
the public should understand that at a
moment that somebody's up for a lifetime
appointment at this issue does the
public have a right to know this is not
about the presidential Records Act this
is not a violation the president
president for Records Act not a
violation of Senate rules sir but if
somebody's gonna land those charges I
hope that they will follow through with
me and Senator Durbin senator Coons a
senator Whitehouse a senator senator
Hirono senator Blumenthal
now senator Feinstein hi Stein I hope
that they will bring charges against us
and I'm ready to accept the full
responsibility
what I have done the consequences for
what I am done and I stand by the
public's right to have access to this
document and know this nominees views on
issues are so profoundly important like
racing the law torture and other issues
Thank You mr. chairman mayor Matt Mecca
you may read the Senate rule 29 5 the
standing rules of the Senate for the
benefit of all senators any senator
officer or employee of the Senate who
shall disclose the secret or
confidential business or proceedings of
the Senate including the business and
proceedings of the committees
subcommittees and offices of the Senate
shall be liable if a senator to suffer
expulsion from the body and if an
officer or employee to dismissal from
the service of the Senate and a
punishment for contempt
so I wearing a I would correct the
Senators statement there is no rule
there is clearly a rule that applies in
the Bible Airmen and bring the charges
mr. chairman thank you for checking out
our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
