we need to break in with a story out of
Cincinnati Police just announced three
people have been killed in a shooting at
a bank in the downtown area the police
have confirmed that the shooter was also
killed joining me now with all of the
details NBC's Rehema Ellis where he know
what's going on here well this is still
unfolding so let me tell you what we
know
just as you reported a total of four
people have been reported to our dead
one of them as you said is the shooter
police are also saying that there were
two other people who were hurt the
University of Cincinnati Medical Center
says that they have received four
shooting victims they did not identify
if the shooter was among them we were
told that this erupted early this
morning around nine o'clock in the
morning in downtown Cincinnati at the
Fifth Third blank bank in Fountain
Square
anybody who knows that area this is a
very popular area in a very heavily
populated area and the shooting erupted
around nine o'clock they said shots rang
out police immediately responded to the
area early reports were that there was a
shooter officer involved incident again
these are early reports and as you know
Stephanie in situations like this it
often changes but those those were the
early reports soon after that we were
told that the incident had been brought
under control however the area is still
on lockdown they're going through the
bank area making certain that there is
no other emergency involved situation in
the area and we expect to get a full
update from authorities before the
morning is out but once again four
people dead including the shooter and
two other people have been hurt in this
incident all right Rehema thank you
we're going to continue to update you on
this story out of Cincinnati
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
