NBC's chief White House correspondent
Hallie Jackson joins me now Hallie the
White House moved right now what is it
how is it anything but panic and is
there any chance they get anything
productive done when all of this is
going on so let's start with the first
part of that step because I don't know
that that panic is necessarily the word
I think it is paranoia I think it is
fiery anger and I think that some of
that is legitimate people inside the
White House really upset that this was
published at all and I think there is
also at an intense sense of betrayal in
fact one White House official said that
if this was a massive betrayal by one of
their colleagues so they're upset about
this right there also I think there is
there are people who are a little bit
freaked out by this given the
president's reaction to this are
reporting from our team Peter Alexander
Kristen Welker myself according to
people close to the president allies of
him is that he was volcanic when this
thing came out he erupted essentially he
was upset about not just the contents
but the fact that this was published in
the paper at all I was told by one
person that the president was
particularly irritated by the reference
to John McCain in that op-ed in addition
to everything else that you've just laid
out Stephanie so the president not happy
there is a real search now for who this
person is you know listen the
speculation is rampant the text messages
are blowing up on the phone with
everybody trying to figure out is it
this person is it that person I'll let
Peter handle a little bit of the denials
from the officials that we are hearing
from this morning including Mike Pence
and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo who
is overseas but I'll tell you there's a
real question inside the West Wing about
hey who is this senior administration
official remember Steff that does not
mean somebody who works inside the
actual White House right although senior
adviser Kellyanne Conway and
acknowledged maybe it is but it could be
somebody in one of the cabinets outside
the administration senior could be a
name that you don't even recognize or
most of our viewers wouldn't even
recognize you probably would it doesn't
sound like a famous big name slow that
down for us when they say senior
administration official our minds
immediately go to exactly that Kevin
Conway Renata Scalia how many people
could we really be talking about here
lots lots of them Stephanie and
not all those sort of top marquee
quote-unquote names that we cover all
the time here on this network and on
others it could be you know the level of
assistant to the president spans a wide
range of people from the Domestic Policy
Council to different agencies people who
work for these principals folks that
you're mentioning like you know vice
president pens secretary mattes whomever
it may be
here's the thing the New York Times is
not delineating what they consider
senior this is something that news
organizations determine on a
organization organization depending on
your outlet there may be a different
definition of what exactly constitutes
senior right The Times isn't saying how
they've organized or made that
distinction and that is a question that
is coming up inside the White House over
the last 18 hours since this thing drops
I can tell you based on our reporting
what does this really mean who could
this really be and there's already
whispers of potential backlash if in
fact if and when this name comes out
Stephanie it turns out not to be one of
those big names could there be a
backlash against the New York Times
about that that's something that the
president's allies are speculating about
as well oh heavens well if you're gonna
be a whistleblower I don't know get out
there and blow the whistle let's go to
NBC's Peter Alexander Peter you were at
the White House yesterday you printed a
copy of the op-ed walked it inside
handed it to bill shine and I was blown
away to learn this you were the first to
give it to him he had never seen it yet
a Stephanie that's exactly right this
was remarkable so we got the heads-up
that this was out I printed it reddit
walked upstairs inside the West Wing
went into bill shines office as he
invited me in and I asked him if had any
comment about this op-ed he said what I
handed it to him he said it was the
first T had seen it he was literally
reading it in real time in front of me
trying to determine whether this was a
White House official or perhaps more
broadly a senior administration official
he got up alongside one of Sarah Sanders
deputies they went in a Sarah Sanders
office where she then said
ultimately Sanders and bill shine as I
am told by those familiar with how
things played out yesterday were the
ones that broke the news to President
Trump
yesterday it was about an hour later
that then I was the Pooler so that meant
I was representing the TV outlets
yesterday in the East Room where the
president was scheduled to be hosting a
gathering with sheriffs from around the
country he showed up about 33 minutes
late to that at the end of it I was able
to lure him in ask him about that he
came out over and this is well that's
the moment you're seeing on your screen
right now where he pulled out a
different article with some highlights
that had been given to him touting his
own achievements this is the moment
where he referred to the op-ed and
frankly to the writer as gutless to give
you a sense of what we're hearing from
inside the West Wing today a
conversation with the White House
official a matter of moments ago they
are pushing back on one of the key sort
of allegations inside this anonymous
op-ed that there were early whispers
within the cabinet of invoking the 25th
amendment they dispute that say it's not
true I said to the official how would
you know you're not a cabinet member
they say well based on our conversations
with members of the cabinet we're told
that they never discussed that so that's
one point they're trying to make today
separately they're pushing back on this
idea that this was a high-ranking person
within the West Wing as you and Hallie
just discussed there and frankly as one
of the president's longtime aides
formerly corey lewandowski said earlier
today this could be 12,000 officials
that they refer to as a senior
administration okay they're trying to
talk about timing of this it could be a
lot of people but 12,000 is not the
correct number well the bottom line the
White House wants to focus attention on
the New York Times I've asked them
whether they reached out to the New York
Times if they complain to them directly
aside from the president's public
complaints about this they this official
at least couldn't tell me if that was
the case but the New York Times has
spoken to that we've heard from their
opinion editor saying that they for one
will never release the name of this
individual secondly saying they're a
hundred percent confident that this
person is who they say they are that
they interacted with them directly
apparently not in person but that they
had some direct interaction with this
individual but the bottom line is a lot
of people make the judgment for
themselves you have to believe at some
point when this name comes out in a
month a year or in 10 years
that The Times isn't going to be hanging
this on some low-level mid-level staffer
to be clear in the op-ed Stephanie the
person refers to themself into this
group as trump appointees so the
accusation from the White House and
others that this could be a holdover
from the Obama administration it doesn't
hold water my goodness all right Peter I
mean it's still I cannot believe that
you were the one who walked in and
handed it to bill shine bill shine and
Sarah Sanders then had to break the news
to the president I cannot imagine doing
that and here we are the next day I've
said it before if I was Sarah Sanders
right now I would still be in bed or
during my third breakfast waiting to
tune in to Wendy Williams like I cannot
imagine life in the White House today I
want to bring an NBC News political
director and moderator of Meet the Press
my dear friend Charles Todd Chuck give
me a history lesson
III never I do not like to say the word
unprecedented in fact I charge my guests
two dollars if it's mentioned on this
show but in this case I cannot think of
another word how unprecedented is this
it's extraordinary it's funny you say
that mark murray and i this morning when
we were putting together first read we
said where we need another we need more
than uncharted and unprecedented right
you're just like charted and presidented
i think we should just start saying it
that way I asked Michael Beschloss that
very question yesterday the closest he
came he says in the darkest days of
Nixon at the defense secretary back then
said if you get an order to his deputies
you get any orders double check with
Kissinger or me before you enact them
from the president it's like yes it was
the closest parallel you could go back
when Woodrow Wilson was incapacitated
you know there was chatter in the worlds
of Washington that you know that that
shouldn't be the case but this is
obviously different this is it is we are
in these uncharted waters unprecedented
territory would you you pick the
adjectives but I have to tell you I
think a couple of things here I think it
matters how who this person is I think
it matters the position that they hold
how high up it matters what senior the
definition of senior is and I think the
motivation matters a lot to me why now
is this you know it was this a decision
of the New York Times for the why now or
was this a decision of the op-ed writer
for the right now for the why now my
understanding of how the New York Times
works is that they wouldn't be making
their own decision that this would be
you don't hold news news as news even
though they in the op-ed section of
things but I think for the public's
consumption those two things are
important look we have a media
credibility issue in this country that
we're trying to fix most of it is is
man-made issues not not not not as much
as earned as some would like to believe
but I think that you know times better
have this one right I better handle this
one right that's okay
well then quickly let's assume The Times
handled it right let's assume it is I do
I give them the benefit of doubt because
I give James Bennett the benefit of
doubt and then let's assume it is a
senior official appointee what's the
goal here is Mitch McConnell supposed to
do something it is Paul Ryan you know
are we supposed to if someone supposed
to stand up and say hold on let's hold
off on Brett Kavanaugh what's the goal
who's gonna take action you're asking
the wrong person I want to ask that same
what what look I've I've heard the calls
that say this person should name
themselves I understand the decision to
not name four perhaps for instance what
if this person is actually got 20 people
behind them that wants this written and
this one person said alright I'll take
the hit I'll do it but you know we're
all going to miss lis you know let
people think that I they could have
written it maybe they're speaking for a
group of people perhaps this person
thought if I write it anonymously
they'll be more focused on the substance
of what was written but focus versus the
person to get action from people who
bears the New York Times the best thing
I could see Stephanie I would say this
if we read the op-ed about the closest
they come is it seems to be a primal
scream to Republicans in Congress that's
to me the intended audience now that
said I don't know why you would pick the
New York Times op-ed page to talk to
elected Republicans and not say you know
the the corner of National Review of The
Wall Street Journal op-ed page but it
does seem to me they want to talk to
elected Republicans on Capitol Hill
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
