okay again yeah Willie the president was
was riding pretty high in the spring he
was getting up to 42 43 44 percent
immediately he did two things almost
there were acts of self-sabotage one of
them was a child separation policy which
we now were finding from the Woodward
book everybody inside the White House
was it was freaked out about and he was
warned by he was warned by Paul Ryan and
warned by the majority leader Mitch
McConnell you're going down this this
policy's gonna take you down and then
the second thing you he had the
disastrous press conference at Helsinki
that only his most loyal hacks dared to
defend and then let's say look like you
know Putin enablers yeah there were
several moments that I would even add
John McCain's funeral to that that were
sort of trans political in other words
they defied you know partisanship which
is separating parents and children and
the Helsinki moment where on the world
stage he was given opportunity to stick
up on a gut-level stick up for your
country against somebody who had
subverted our election in our democracy
he didn't do it and then last weekend in
last week during the celebration of John
McCain's wife when he looked small and
petty and wouldn't join in that
celebration of course he wasn't invited
to the funeral itself but wouldn't even
say kind words about John McCain and the
life he's had I also think this the
cloud if you look inside that Washington
post/abc poll of the Muller
investigation when a majority of
American 6 and 10 believe Muller is
doing the right thing investigating you
should be allowed to go about his
business majority 6 and 10 don't believe
Paul Manafort should be pardoned in any
way people are not buying his subversion
of the FBI the subversion of Muller and
even a subversion of the media Mike if
you look at those numbers it there's a
lot of lazy pundit Rhee going around of
course I am
I've won that award for the past 11
years lazy punish no you haven't so I
know of what I speak but there's a ton
of lazy Ponton tree going around that
drives me crazy one is Rudy Giuliani
crazy a crazy like a fox
well and I'm still hearing people say
well you know the Giuliani stuff is
working because Robert molars numbers
are going no they are not you look at
the polls you look at the Washington
Post ABC News poll Americans believe
Robert Muller Americans don't believe
Donald Trump Americans believe Robert
Muller should continuous into his
investigation Americans believe Donald
Trump's attempts to stop that
investigation or wrongheaded and
dangerous Americans say like only 18
percent of Americans say Paul Manafort
should be pardoned the overwhelming
majority of Americans I think it's in
the high 60 say he should not be Rudy
Giuliani has lost he's not only lost his
reputation he's lost the argument before
the American people Donald Trump has
once again chewed up and spit out
somebody who previously had a good
reputation and the big loser in the end
is Donald Trump well I would submit that
part of that lazy pundit REE obviously
includes Rudy Giuliani and our constant
chatter about him I think it also
includes the constant reference to
Donald Trump's base which I feel
personally is much smaller than people
talk about in this country but if you
look at those poll numbers
I know maybe Jon Meacham can help me out
here but I think what happens when you
have an administration involved in
literally kidnapping children at the
border I think many Americans pause they
pay attention and they think to
themselves is that who we really are as
a country and that helps I think
diminishes poll numbers I don't know
about you Meacham but I think people
think about these things much more than
we give people credit for I agree and I
think there's a
Seip effect I think we all react to this
you know Tennessee Williams away like a
Cat on a Hot Tin Roof because we follow
it so closely but for a lot of people
the cumulative effect of public actions
actually take a while to shape their
personal opinions and that's totally
understandable but I don't think there's
any doubt that when we look back at this
the child separation policy the heading
into the past couple of weeks where you
had the rule of law you had the Cohen in
metaphor news you had the CFO beginning
to cooperate you had Senator McCain
which was kind of this enormous reminder
of who we would prefer to be even if
we're not always that and then you have
both the Woodward book and the op-ed
which provide this real-time intel on
how chaotic things are inside and the
you know the wiseguy thing to say this
morning is well we always knew that well
okay fine but a politics is not you know
a clinical business it takes it it takes
time for these moments to to congeal and
I don't know if this is one but it
certainly feels that way as we head into
a clear referendum in the midterm and
then whatever director Bolivar ends up
with yeah thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
