all right joining us now former CIA
director John Brennan he's a senior
national security and intelligence
analyst for NBC News former NATO supreme
Allied commander retired four-star Navy
Admiral James stavridis he is chief
international security and diplomacy
analyst for NBC News and MSNBC also with
US President of the Council on Foreign
Relations and author of the book a world
in disarray Richard Haass Richard
testified yesterday before the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee in a hearing
to assess the value of the NATO alliance
we'll talk about that in just a moment
so drunk let me begin with you
all that is new is all that is old is
new again I mean if you talk to george w
bush did say man they were leaking about
me at the CIA around the clock Barack
Obama would say the same thing the State
Department's always leaked this does
happen but perhaps not in such a
dramatic manner is this is this a new
chapter or have we seen it before well I
might take issue with your premise I
don't think George W Bush and Barack
Obama said that there was leaking around
the clock they were concerned about it
but the New York Times editorial to me
is not a leak it is an expression of
deep concern and worry it's certainly
reflective of what a lot of people have
been saying over the past year that
Donald Trump has not fulfilled his
responsibilities so I think there are a
lot of people within the government who
are quite frustrated with the situation
and are now taking extreme measures to
try to reassure the American people that
there are people within the
administration who are trying to counter
what Donald Trump is doing Admiral there
have been reports that military leaders
have been ignoring some of the
president's more outrageous orders and
while I celebrate that in 2017-2018 that
we didn't make an effort to assassinate
a foreign leader the this yet we have a
cherished tradition of civilians
controlling the military what what
dangerous precedents have may be set
here
yeah very dangerous at the end of the
day what you see is just
dysfunctionality in a chain of command
and that I think ought to worry all of
us regardless of who sits atop that
chain of command you want a functioning
executive branch you must have a
functioning military dad what could I
ask you the pointed question sherry if
you were in a position where somebody
gave you the order to to assassinate a
foreign leader did you do something that
you believed was illegal or it's
dangerous would you ignore that order
when you confront the person in the
chain of command or would you retire and
tell the world about it I take door
number three and I think at the end of
the day there's a spectrum of what the
order is
but assassinating somebody killing their
family deliberate collateral damage
those kinds of things I think screamed
for not only will I not do it and not
only will I confront but you you have an
obligation I think as a senior leader to
step up and make that public and not
simply ignore the order that would be my
view wouldn't be that wouldn't that be
the view of most of the men and women
you served with and the Navy I think so
and again there's a spectrum here but at
the end of the day I think any leader in
any position has the responsibility to
illuminate a situation when things are
going off the rails and I would argue
doing so in a public way does great
service to the country it's much more
complicated that to me is not the hard
case imagine tomorrow President Trump
called to senior people and said and
gave them the order to attack North
Korea he could say that Kim Jong you
know that Kim has they violated his
commitments he made at the summit and he
believes a preventive military strike
now that might be really you may think
it's a really bad idea it's not illegal
it's within the spectrum my foreign
policy possibilities exactly that seems
to me the more a not unrealistic
scenario that we could be facing where
he wants to do something big
consequential that you may think is
dangerous you may think is misguided you
may think is bad for the
interests of the United States it's not
illegal though and it's not off the
foreign policy spectrum we could face
something like that and what are you
suggesting that admirals and generals
make decisions unilaterally on what they
think what orders they should follow and
what and follow I don't think you can
run a government that's insubordination
Eric I think you need this wage right
isn't that what's happening right now
insubordination up and down the chain of
command
it's and people are basically who would
never applaud it or saying this is such
an extraordinary moment we're willing to
live with it but what you've been
talking about is exactly right it's a
dangerous precedent and it's not
something that's sustainable also unlike
Nixon when people would do things
against Nixon he didn't know about it we
found out about it later that's less
than your was doing this to that here
this is happening in real time we now
have a feedback loop with this president
knows that people around him are
actively subverting his orders this is
not a sustainable really it suggests
that the op-ed really is doing a service
to no one except the person who wrote
the op-ed so they can write a book or an
article for the Atlantic or somebody
else later on on how I won the war and
likely only heightens all the
characteristics described about the
president in this book and makes it more
isolated and paranoid about what's
happening director Brennan given this
conversation right here let me ask you
the question I posed at the beginning of
the show which is does this anonymous
op-ed put together with the Woodward
work make you feel better or worse about
the state of the White House about the
state of the country in other words are
you terrified that we have a president
like this sitting in the Oval Office or
you and somehow reassured that there are
enough people around him performing an
act of being guardrails effectively well
I had suspected that things were going
to get worse before they get better
and indeed we're now in the worsening
point where someone senior ministration
official coins New York Times took this
extraordinary step and I do have great
concerns about the insubordination but
also I have concerns that Donald Trump
continues to be in the Oval Office and
to sit atop of administration that first
of all is not following some of his
orders but also his recklessness he
responsibilities his a morality I mean
we were in extraordinary times so I
think the McCain funeral that really
underscored to the nation the importance
of the American values that are not
being followed by Donald Trump the
wouldwould book and now this I think
there's a cumulative effect that may in
fact reach a tipping point what that
tipping point is I don't know but it
should be a wake-up call to a lot of
people within the administration within
the Congress that as Richard said this
is not a sustainable situations
especially for a country like the United
States that has such global
responsibilities yeah and that's where I
would take it is how does this look in
Moscow how does this look in Beijing
this looks really good and how does this
look in Brussels for the NATO alliance
this is a disaster and it's just that
exactly as John says this is that
cumulative effect that is poisoning our
domestic well but it's seeping into the
ground so the international system
that's all of us even robert muller is
concerned about the impact of having
Donald Trump's testimony before him go
public because it would so damage the
United States reputation across the
globe you gotta remember about six
months ago you said it privately first
very concerned and then you talked about
it on the show I think you're very
concerned about Trump's excesses but
also that excesses in response to Trump
we're either from the Intel community or
the military community or from the media
that the overreach that would come in
response to Donald Trump's aberrant
behavior would actually create a greater
crisis is this an example I think so and
I think it's it's far more dangerous
than it might feel right now because I
think as you said director Brennan the
the worst is coming and the Admiral
pointed out that door three would be the
option quit speak out as a service to
America
nobody's choosing door three nobody and
I think while you think you're doing the
right thing what you're actually doing
is helping President Trump do what
Madeleine Albright thinks he's doing
which is breaking down the presidency
and creating something far different
that we've seen in other countries and
that we don't want here
in the United States of America Mike
Barnicle is with us and he has a
question Mike well these past few
minutes of this discussion have been
again stunning to me we're talking about
the presidency and we're talking about a
sitting president who has been described
as a moral petty ineffective and John
Brennan it would seem now that we're at
a point were public servants you were
the CIA for years you were at the NSA
for years where conscience might take
precedence over the oath of office that
you take in others take when you're
surrounded by a president who just might
take the country right off the rails
well it's against the law to follow an
order that you know is illegal and so I
think it's an obligation the part of all
ministration officials to resist
something like that but in order that's
given as Richard said that may have a
disastrous future to it in terms of
impact United States I think it does
require individuals of conscience to be
able to push back against such an order
and to try to resist it and I think we
have seen examples of Jim mattis and
others doing exactly that but then if
you feel that you cannot make headway
against Donald Trump in terms of turning
him around I think there's an obligation
to go to Congress and this is why it's
so so important for the Congress
Republicans and Democrats alike to put
the interests of the country above the
interests of themselves in the party
because the Congress is supposed to be a
check on the chief executive and if the
chief executive is going to be giving
orders that are going to lead us down a
disastrous path we need to get the
Congress involved and we need to be able
to stop such actions you know Willie
James fellows yes he's he's in this case
he's been the Hedgehog just non-stop it
only takes two Republicans it only takes
two Republican it only takes one robot
it only takes one Republican and James
Fallows
repeatedly says to all of these
Republican senators have we go on the
floor and deliver these eloquent
speeches
constitutional norms being trashed or
Donald Trump's aberrant baby it only
takes one of you to say I'm going to
bring this to an end right now I'm going
to caucus with the Democrats or I'm
going to vote against the president's
legislation until he puts something in
place that assures a B C the
constitutional norms are followed that
the rule of law is respected that our
foreign policy is is is handled in a
responsible way not one Republican will
stand up and do that not one Republican
well we've heard some Republicans speak
out most of them are leaving town in two
months they're about the you know their
Senate careers are over the proposal was
put out to protect Bob Muller through
legislation that was shot down by the
majority leader there's no appetite for
that kind of thing in the Senate and Jon
Meacham I to me the extraordinary thing
as you pointed out earlier is that we
are 20 months into the administration
and we're seeing this kind of meltdown
around the president within his White
House in the Woodward book and now from
a senior administration official we
don't know who or from what part of the
government this is not some book written
five years or ten years after this is
happening in real time a year and a half
into the first term of this presidency
it's as though we have a kind of virtual
webcam in inside the Oval Office
you know if the final days had played
out as reality TV and so we don't have
the perspective and I think the good
news about this is we have the
information registered voters have their
have this information as they head into
November and then as we head into 2020 a
quick question for director Brennan sir
you were in the business for a long time
of preparing psychological profiles of
foreign leaders you can see where this
you can see where this is going if you
were briefing a
an American president on this American
president what would be the top line of
your psychological profile that as we
anticipated this individual is going to
be facing increasing pressure from
within and that's the walls are
collapsing around and his mercurial and
reckless nature might lead him to do
something rash to distract attention
from his problems his domestic problems
we've seen this behavior before in terms
of authoritarian leaders who will try to
continue to suppress and repress any
type of opposition and try to remove any
threats that he or she sees that are
rising on the political scene but I
wouldn't rule out that there's going to
be some type of effort to engage in some
type of action that will distract
attention from his political problems
it's better when he says it you're just
waiting for the next inject in in The
Hunger Games guys it's not just a
distract I think what's also missing at
Donald Trump has now been publicly
challenged about his ability to execute
his office that's what this op-ed is
we're basically saying we are
undermining your presidency from within
the question will be now whether he can
resist the temptation or what he might
even see is the need to reassert
presidential authority against people
from within who are working against him
that is why this op-ed is dangerous it
puts the public pressure on this
president to respond to say if you bar
it almost to say Al Haig I am in charge
here yeah and that's what the president
will feel and the people around him have
got to ask themselves when do I stop
being a guardrail and become an enabler
that's right that's the gut question for
a lot of people in the White House this
morning a wounded lion is very dangerous
and he's very wounded and what Donald
Trump still doesn't understand is it
presidents aren't dictators no I
remember when he during the campaign
would say I'm gonna make Paul Ryan's
life very difficult I'm going to do this
I'm going to do that we would laugh and
say
you do understand that Paul Ryan has the
checkbook yeah he sang that judges don't
have the legitimate authority to
question his presidential orders
so-called judges he does not understand
that when he starts firing James Madison
when he starts firing Jeff Sessions and
when he starts firing anybody that he
can fire in retribution to this article
into the Woodward book that the Senate
is not going to confirm an attorney
general or a sec death to his liking and
this at the end of the day director
Brennan it's the ignorance it is it is
the ignorance of not only the office he
holds but of Madisonian government it's
he has no he had no idea what he was
stepping into and from everybody that's
been close to him that has tried to help
him along to explain to him how the
United States federal government works
how Madisonian checks and balances work
it's just completely disinterested it's
ignorance it's arrogance it's
recklessness its impulsivity it's all
those things combined in one and that's
why I think we are at a very very
dangerous point right now in our history
and how this plays out in the coming
days weeks and months I think is going
to determine just how much harm is done
to this country before we get back on
the right course Omar CIA director John
Brennan thank you very much thank you so
much but still ahead Richard Haass was
testifying about the importance of NATO
what did he say well he was did you
shoot that audience they were all asleep
the Supreme Court hearing technology was
going they were thinking probably
actually and then you started
so he was doing the Ocho c-span talking
about the importance of NATO President
Trump was questioning the cost in an
interview with The Daily Caller
we'll get to that next on Morning Joe I
see all the time of the Oh Joe man
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
