obviously yesterday was an extraordinary
day a historical day lined up with the
Woodward book it is the very public
unraveling of this administration as
told by members of this administration
what are the parallels what are the
historical precedents well they're
pretty thin but they are revealing in
terms of when they came out if you look
at the Pentagon Papers and the Johnson
administration but that came out after
the Johnson administration if you look
at the remarkable details about Richard
Nixon's
last days in the White House where he's
talking to the portraits and hoping the
portraits don't talk back and he's
asking Henry Kissinger to pray with him
on the floor of the Lincoln sitting room
and is having one drink or so and
becoming incoherent telling senators
that in 25 minutes I could kill 70
million people with a nuclear strike
which led the Secretary of Defense James
lazing or to say that any military order
had to be countersigned by him
here's and then you move ahead to
President Reagan during the days of
iran-contra when Howard Baker was coming
in to replace Don Regan as chief of
staff
Baker's people were researching the 25th
amendment the weekend before they went
in to take over because they were
hearing stories that Ronald Reagan was
essentially Gaga they get there and they
find him immensely charming and totally
in control here's the distinction about
that catalog of moments of presidential
disability and potential White House
chaos we learned about those after the
fact we learned about those in books we
learned about those after the crisis to
which they were speaking had passed the
remarkable thing about yesterday is this
is a real time historical trove and it
is not simply a matter of interest it's
a cause for action but and you know Mika
what's the most well I mean it's just
not a secret I mean this is what
I think what's most telling about the
Woodward book what's most telling about
this op-ed is that we've not only been
saying this since he's been president
United States we said too much
consternation that Kellyanne Conway
would come on this show
throughout Donald Trump's campaign
attacking mm-hmm
say my god I can't wait for this
campaign to be over and you know Sean
Spicer would and of course all deny it
but Sean Spicer was saying the guy was
going to lose and their only goal was to
make sure he didn't lose by eight or
nine because then they would lose the
house in the Senate but there was no way
he was ever going to win and by the way
I just called out those two names right
it was everybody up and down the line on
the campaign and everybody up and down
line the White House and when they deny
it they just prove themselves to be
total liars
so I can see how in some ways it's
almost like for us and especially for
you because you speak to so many White
House insiders and national security
foreign policy leaders in office that
you're likable of course but this is a
dangerous precedent that you have a
group of people working I think and
especially after what we heard from Bob
Woodward's book so first Mike Barnicle
as a newspaper guy for the New York
Times to take this step and Willie's got
the piece which we're gonna get to but
just what's your gut on it what was your
reaction when you read this I was
stunned yeah absolutely stunned I want I
was stunned a that they ran an anonymous
op-ed piece I was stunned obviously at
the content of the piece and the
descriptions of the ongoing crisis in
the Oval Office can start with the first
one you were stunned that they ran the
piece why were you stunned that they
read because this is obviously
newsworthy if they hadn't run at the
Washington Post or The Wall Street
Journal because of the anonymity because
of running it you know anonymously you
know by an anonymous offer that did the
job
that's what stunned me but but the
larger the context of it is the crisis
in the Oval Office we're a president a
sitting president as Jon Meacham
vistacal in a sitting president United
his behavior is described as erratic
ineffective adversarial and it at least
for me my my conclusion my take on it
was I don't care who the author was I
would prefer that the author be named he
or she obviously but the larger context
is finally people like Paul Ryan and
Mitch McConnell reading this knowing
what they know knowing what so many
around this presidency do know is their
larger obligation not to the country
rather than to the party but they've
known this all along Willie they've
known that Donald Trump is not well
they've known everything that was in the
Woodward book they've seen firsthand
everything that was in this anonymous
article they've heard firsthand for a
year and a half now and they've chosen
to just smile and go along with it and
by the way many of them have said those
things to us privately
we'll say them offset we'll say them
when you talk to their offices privately
that this is a White House and it's
something senator bob Corker said
yesterday publicly he said yeah this is
exactly what I'm hearing from people off
the record when I speak privately which
is that they have to work to contain
this guy if you have not yet read the
opment let's get into a little a bit of
it it's no surprise which articles the
top trending piece of the New York Times
right now to recap the column that
shaken the White House this morning a
senior White House official writing
anonymously claims to be part of the
resistance on the inside the official
claims in the op-ed president Trump is
amoral and that many senior
administration officials are quote
working diligently from within to
frustrate parts of his agenda and worst
inclinations meetings with him the essay
continues veer off topic and off the
rails he engages in repetitive rants and
his impulsiveness results in half-baked
ill-informed and occasionally reckless
decisions that have to be walked back
the official goes on Americans should
know there are adults in the room we
fully recognize what is happening and
we're trying to do what's right even
when Donald Trump won so let me know is
that I guess maybe that's the news yes
that there are adults and that we've
always known there
Attis and others we've always known
there have been adults in the room but
is that the headline of this not that
Donald Trump is unfit for office and
that he's a danger to this country the
constitutional norms and our national
security but it's a headline of this
article the assurance that there are
adults in the room that are working to
contain I think the headline for me is
that the adults in the room are working
to contain him by as the article says as
the opinion piece says by subverting his
policies so he puts something out nicely
we're actively working to push back
against the president's a policy
initiatives that's pretty extraordinary
and this person suggests that he or she
is not alone in this effort that there's
a group of them on the inside I am
interested in who the person is yeah
because I think it's different if it's
Jim mattis I'm not suggesting it's Jim
Madison someone at his level or a
staffer at the National Economic Council
for example something like that and
that's Mike what we heard from some
former Clinton alumni that based on
their experiences it could be a lower
level staffer at the NEC I do think that
the New York Times owes a responsibility
to its leaders and owed a responsibility
to its readers before publishing this
anonymous letter to give us a better
understanding of the level of this
person one of tops Trump advisor taught
one of his top advisors a cabinet-level
official you know a high ranking
official could be one of the thousand
people in the government well you
wouldn't have had the piece in the paper
I mean I'm sure and I'm sure the deal
that was cut was you know you've got to
protect me whoever whoever wrote it
whoever wrote it ought to step up now
and claim authorship because that's the
next step here but I mean in answer to
your initial question to Willie Joe I
mean I think the route of this piece
that everyone is reading is in this one
in two sentences the root of the problem
is the president's immorality anyone who
works with him knows he is not
Mord to any discernible first principles
that guide
is decision-making this is a description
of a sitting president of the United
States and not surprising by the way the
description the New York Times just so
we're clear gives of the author is quote
a senior official in the Trump
administration so that could be an awful
lot of people that doesn't say so that's
a lighthouse it says in the Trump
administration let's go to the White
House NBC News national correspondent
Peter Alexander is there Peter good
morning take us inside the building
yesterday how the White House learned
about this piece how its reacting what
it's doing to find out who the author is
yeah Willie it's clear that the White
House was caught off guard by this op-ed
literally the moment it came out it was
flagged to me I printed a copy of it and
immediately ran upstairs inside the West
Wing and I went in to bill shine the top
communications official to the
president's office and I handed him a
copy of it and asked him if he had any
response to this new anonymous op-ed I
asked him then if he'd seen it and he
said nope and asked if he could read it
for himself so literally it appeared
that was the first time that the White
House was aware of it was after it came
out and they were already reeling as you
know from a series of other headlines
most notably the new details coming out
of Bob Woodward's book some reporting
about from The Washington Post that they
may be looking to a replacement from Jim
mattis and then this that landed with
the thud inside the West Wing based on
our conversations with multiple aides
and allies of the president his reaction
was in their words an eruption they said
he was quote volcanic it was about about
an hour or so later that he was
scheduled to be in the East Room where
he was going to be hosting some
sheriff's from around the country I was
the Pooler which meant that I was going
in to represent the TV groups you see
the back of my head right there at the
end of his remarks I tried to pull him
aside as you can see he was lured in
when I brought up this initially he said
he didn't understand what I was talking
about then I read the headline of it to
him saying that I am the resistance
inside the Trump administration and he
appeared to know about it at that point
as you'll see pulled out some notes from
his pocket here's the president's
real-time reaction from yesterday
afternoon we have somebody in what I
call
the resistance really in disgrace I will
say this nobody has done what this
administration has done in terms of
getting things passed and getting things
through so when you tell me about some
anonymous source within the
administration probably who's failing
and probably here for all the wrong
reasons no and the New York Times is
failing if I weren't here I believe the
New York Times probably wouldn't even
exist the president would tweet about
this as well let me show you the tweet
that he wrote and I'm and I want to
contrast that with what Sarah Sanders
would later say as well he said does the
so-called senior administration official
really exist or is it just the failing
New York Times with another phony source
if the gutless anonymous person does
indeed exist The Times must for national
security purposes turn him or her over
to government at once
he also wrote as you see treason
question mark it was notable that what
the president said where he questioned
that this person even existed because
Sarah Sanders the press secretary in a
statement only moments before that it
effectively said they believe this
exists by saying this coward needs to
resign immediately the bottom line here
inside this West Wing this is a places
we have witnessed that is already filled
with mistrust the president describing
this in effect is a treasonous act of
disloyalty but but as some described it
last night this is like those horror
movies when you get the phone call you
find out that the bad guy is inside the
house this was first reported by The
Washington Post a source told similar
language to me last night the bottom
line right now is nobody knows who to
trust and it's only getting worse yeah
could be the whole house except for
Jovanka Peter Alexander thank you very
very very much for getting up early Jon
Meacham have we ever been here before is
the closest we've come to this it
would've been Woodrow Wilson whoo where
are we here well in terms of disability
you know the Wilson stroke in the last
year and a half or so of his term which
had Incred
Blee important effects on on the life of
the nation it was covered up his wife
Edith Wilson his second wife effectively
ran ran the government we had some
questions about disability episodic
disability with Franklin Roosevelt at
the very end of his term particularly at
Yalta we see photographs now and it's
it's extraordinary that he got through
it
Eisenhower had his two heart attacks in
the 1950s all of which led to the
creation of in the passage in 1965 to 66
67 of the 25th amendment which I'm sure
we'll get to which is a weapon on the
table let me say one thing about about
the author here as as we inevitably try
to guess and and rightly so who did it
you know Henry Adams wrote a novel
democracy about Washington in the 19th
century that was a nut published
anonymous of course Joe Klein did
primary colors here's something that I
think is particularly important about
who this author is and Willie was just
talking about the process of it I would
be fascinating to know exactly when the
conversations with the New York Times
and the author or the author's
representatives began because this reads
to me as though there are really two
elements to it
one is about Donald Trump but the other
is hey we're trying and it's a defense
of the people who are publicly
associated with the administration and I
can't help but believe that the death of
John McCain a week ago Saturday and the
in conan's that poured out the eulogies
about someone who put country first who
stood up to Donald Trump did not have
some atmospheric effect here I don't
know this and so this is purely
speculative i stipulate that but this
this reads to me like it was written by
someone who was either in the National
Cathedral or watching it and thinking
what are they going to say about me
yeah I think and Mike you're agreeing
with that I think we all talking to each
other on that day said that this is this
is a moment in time and this is
something that's going to have an impact
and I think we're seeing part of that
impact now yeah my understanding is that
this piece The Times has had this piece
for several days
negotiating various elements of the
piece whether it would be run
anonymously but they've had it for
several days I agree with Jon Meacham I
think they've had it in hand you know
prior to the release of the excerpts
from Bob Ward's book and and maybe prior
to last weekend so a couple a couple of
notes on what the President had said and
we've been talking about who the person
is first of all New York Times talking
about how horrible the New York Times is
spelling there you're enjoying the glory
days their glory days of the 21st
century you look at all the numbers is
Washington Post revived doing about as
well as anybody could imagine it's
extraordinary the turnaround at the
Washington Post also this is interesting
when we talk willing we were talking
about before who this person was if you
take everything at face value they are a
Republican they support the tax cuts
they support the regulatory reform
support the judicial nominees but it's
very interesting one of the tales also
is that they brought up John McCain now
the tribe from which I came if you were
trying to prove your bona fides you
would talk about what a great honorable
man John McCain was but you would not
bring him into the political discussion
yeah that's the if you were a military
man or woman you would do that right but
not if you were if you grew up in
movement conservatism because John
McCain was another part of that tribe
and so it's very interesting the
combination of persons taking a
Republican I'm I
you know I love the tax cuts I love the
regulatory reform I love the judicial
nominees but then bringing in john
mccain beyond the service aspect of john
mccain and what a hero he was maybe
suggests to me at least if there is a
tell and if you can take everything at
face value that this is a republican but
it's a republican let's just say from
the military sort of a military faction
of the trump administration and there's
a big focus in this on national security
and foreign policy to further your
argument a little bit but it definitely
is a conservative i mean there's an
entire graph here about the president
showing little affinity for ideals along
the spouse by conservatives free minds
free markets free bets talking about how
he attacks those things every time
saying this guy's not one of us
effectively i guess the question for me
is does this piece as an american make
you feel better or worse better that
there are people on the inside pushing
back or worse when you put this together
with Bob Woodward's book about what's
actually happening every day inside the
West I think it was I think it's both I
mean it's heartening to know that what
we see coming out of the president's
mouth is not just being swallowed by the
people who work for him and they're
running off and doing what he says
because we know that he's not
necessarily consistent and at times
extremely divisive and cruel in his
language and in his tweets but we're
watching you know we talk to people on
the inside and we have seen them now for
quite some time being visibly
uncomfortable with this president and
talking quietly now and I think inspired
by John McCain's legacy in his funeral
people are becoming openly hostile
toward this president they are showing
that they are not following his orders
they're hiding things from him while
that might be helpful given how dis
disappointing this President is I think
it's that's an incredibly dangerous
precedent for the presidency itself well
the United States of America and John
perhaps the most dangerous precedent is
you you have military leaders ignoring
the recommendations of the civilian head
of the Armed Forces
even if it is an illegal order it is one
thing for the president United States to
say assassinate Assad and then madis to
say okay and then hang up the phone and
ignore him it's another thing to go over
there and say mr. president you can't do
that that's illegal that we get for this
this would happen and that would happen
and it seems that you have people that
are just brushing his orders aside and
while we celebrate that in the age of
Trump right it sets a very dangerous
precedent for let's say the 46th
president or 47th president who tells a
military leader don't assassinate the
leader don't cross that that boundary
don't fire that missile exactly yeah
that's a great point and as we've said
before we know that the presidency has
not changed Donald Trump the question is
to what extent has he changed the
presidency and the the chain of command
and the civilian military control of our
projections of force is a huge huge part
of this now it is true that Henry
Kissinger spent most of his time and Bob
Haldeman spent most of his time ignoring
late-night orders from Richard Nixon
like go bomb Brookings or you know let's
go there is that take out take out take
out Cronkite's boat on the vineyard you
know let the frog men go to Nantucket
yeah there were these things and in fact
there's a great theory about you know
there's a great theory about Watergate
that in fact it's somebody just screwed
up and actually did what he mother tells
us to do you know you never never in
particular fun ever do the next morning
Nixon is like you broke into what I told
you
now we just picked I just kidding so
there is there's the Mad Men through
there so so we can sort of chuckle about
it but but here's we've all heard this
off off the air and I think that given
the stakes it's it's it's safe to repeat
it is pretty clear to me from people who
are in a position to know that there has
been a shift in the presidential chain
of command on military orders in a way
that is reminiscent of what Jim's lazing
are dead in 1974 and if you talk to
sober minded lawmakers and you say in a
concerned voice you know I'm just really
worried this guy might try to do
something in a wag the dog way they will
say well let me tell you the reason I
sleep at night is I know that's not
going to happen now that means I think I
think that the Secretary of Defense has
assured everyone that there are checks
and balances in place you're right
you're right though that's reassuring
today might not be so reassuring
tomorrow correct we are all I'm in
charge if you track the chain of command
all right still at all morning by the
way Trump denied the Assad claims still
ahead on Morning Joe will be joined by
former Secretary of State John Kerry
former CIA director John Brennan and
independent senator angus King thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
