we are getting a sense tonight of how
this anonymous op-ed from inside the
Trump administration is ricocheting in
Washington one official telling the
Washington Post tonight quote the
problem for the president is the author
could be so many people that's
insightful
eeeek the post says quote the phrase the
sleeper cells have awoken has circulated
on text messages among aides and outside
allies a former White House official
telling the Post quote it's like the
horror movies when everyone realizes the
call is coming from inside the house
joining us now is Nicole Wallace host of
deadline White House she served as a
senior official in the George W Bush
White House's communications director
and she was a senior adviser to John
McCain during his 2008 presidential
campaign Nicole my friend thank you for
being here thank you for getting on the
phone at 4:00 sure I was where right
when this broke and you are sort of
handling the enormity of this as we it
was all it was as it was emerging a lot
of people are talking about the fact
today that this is something unlike
anything else that's ever happened in
any other White House I mean there was a
lot of drama in the George W Bush White
House there were former officials from
the White House who left while the
President Bush was still in office who
wrote sort of damning books about their
time and anything like this so those
were indictments of policy decisions it
was Dick Clark after 911 saying he
jumped up and down and tried to warn but
the White House the president condi rice
about something 9/11 like they were
indictments of policies enhanced
interrogation or others there was never
anyone that came out and wrote an
anonymous op-ed saying that the cabinet
had talked amongst themselves about
invoking the 25th amendment never
happened yeah never ever ever happened
and what's so extraordinary and that
piece from Ashley Parker and Phil Rucker
and their colleagues is so interesting
because these are the kinds of things
that people close to Trump have been
saying since he was a candidate since he
was one of 17 candidates in the
Republican primary the criticism of his
character is another actor the
observation is that he's not a man who
reads books that he's not someone who's
curious that he wasn't a particularly
successful Titan of business that he
essentially ran a family office and was
television talent people that were in
the room on the day that the Access
Hollywood tape came out didn't describe
a man worried about embarrassing his
daughters or his wife it was someone
trying to figure out you know is that
Trump is that
talking about himself in the third
person this is someone for whom sort of
the rot of his own character is known by
everyone in contact with him everyone no
one so this is it so this isn't a story
of the president going nuts and
somebody's saying he was I started
working for him because he was alright
when he got elected but something's
happened to him in office and we need to
sound the alarm that's the context in
which people describe mechanisms like
the 25th amendment are needing to have
something like that available in the
case of the president breaking in this
case it's going to be Dave the president
has the stroke he's in the basement you
wouldn't need the time that is not this
sure it's not right it's not like some
presidents have been known to pick up
the bottle at times in their
administration that's right so it's not
something like that something was fine
and I was not becoming what you're
describing it's consistent with my own
understanding of the people involved
here is that this is the the president
is not seen as being any different than
he was and so why has this alarm been
sounded now because since the beginning
the people that have worked in the
national security apparatus at the White
House and as I understand at the State
Department and at the Defense Department
other places have truly seen it as their
jobs and when pressed after something
like Charlottesville they were the ones
on the phone saying you don't want me to
leave I hear you I hear what you're
saying about how we're all staying with
the president's racism but believe me if
you knew what I knew you wouldn't want
me to leave and I understand that
current national security officials say
the same thing in private but they think
they are they're sabotaging the
president's intentions they wouldn't any
that is change they would say that saves
the country preserving the country's
national security but if you have to be
there or it doesn't happen or the
president will cause damage then what
they're doing is is undermining private
eyes yeah the camera and you should go
to Congress you should go to I mean the
other problem is that the committee's on
in Congress that used to be the
bipartisan sort of security net safety
net for our national security agencies
are broken I mean where would you go
would you go the house Intel committee
where Devin unis is basically a trump
stooge where would you go I mean if you
were a whistle blower in the national
security establishment at the White
House who would you call so in fiction
when we confront these sorts of
conflicts people find wise men people go
fine go talk to the chief
Justice of the Supreme Court or they've
talked to an upstanding cabinet
secretary seems to be outside the fray
or they find individual liens of the
Senate or old old hands in the house who
can be trusted and there's an informal
sort of caucus of Greybeards for lack of
a better term who come together to make
sure things land right is that real or
is that only in fiction I think that may
have at one time been real when there
were people like Ted Kennedy and John
McCain who had a bipartisan relationship
there they may have been viewed as
someone who could have sort of caught
somebody if they felt like they were
hurtling toward the unknown but I don't
know who that is
Lindsey Graham went from being present
at John McCain's funeral to basically
groveling before this president again in
you know almost whiplash speed in a
matter of hours not days so the idea
that there's anybody on the hill that
you could go to that is seen as sort of
a non partisan a protector of our
country's national security I think is
truly inside lea fiction and so the
where this person has decided to go with
this incredibly serious alarm is to the
public to the New York Times which does
mean the decision of the New York Times
is interesting too that is not a journal
of the sort of the right but this is
where you go to speak to Trump
supporters so how will you go to speak
will you go to speak to Trump because we
know he reads it he rages against it but
this person sounds like a Republican to
me and he or she I think he was
described as a man sounds like he's
trying to speak to Republicans what I
don't understand is why Republicans they
now know from a person high up in the
Trump administration a political
appointee someone that may have worked
on their staffs you know a lot of people
in this administration came from Capitol
Hill they have now said that Donald
Trump's cabinet all political appointees
I think all Republicans by and large
have talked about invoking the 25th
amendment why there haven't been calls
for congressional hearings even if
they're in secret even if they're closed
the public right now every cabinet
member should be called before a closed
hearing to be asked what is at stake
what is errors as long as there are men
and women are military in far-flung
places with their lives on the line
Nicole Wallace the host of deadline
White House senior official in the
George W - White House senior advisor to
John McCain on the issue of whether the
person is a man
that was from the New York Times
tweeting out the op-ed and it said he is
an official then-then-then
so everybody's like no it's not Kelly
unconfident it's like there's all that
many women working in senior levels and
the Trump White House but times later
came out and clarified the person who
wrote the tweet does not know the
identity okay or including the gender of
the op-ed writer so even though they'd
given everybody that clue they then were
like it's not a clue it's not a clue
okay so there won't be long before it
comes out yeah Oh Wallace thank you
we'll be right back stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
