the alarm bell rung from within the
Trump administration here is the bottom
line if you're just joining us a senior
official describing an active secret
resistance of officials working to
thwart Donald Trump's presidency and
this isn't a journalistic report that
uncovered the effort it's an admission a
confession made in the pages of the New
York Times just within the last few
hours and the times this is important
says it has verified that this person is
indeed a senior Trump official and is
risking their job and this person says
this effort to thwart Trump is indeed a
secret quote resistance but they go on
to write it's not about politics it's
about patriotism and what we're learning
tonight what I think everyone is
reacting to these reports of a growing
group of public service AG at servants
aghast at the moral and security risk
posed by this particular president now
let me walk you through it the senior
Trump official writing there's a quote
resistance inside the Trump
administration that they're part of and
it's formed by officials vowing to do
what they can to preserve our democratic
institutions while thwarting Trump's
most misguided impulses until he's out
of office the writer is plenty blunt
about the president they serve saying
he's impetuous adversarial petty and
ineffective and the problem in this
telling goes well beyond style the
writer concludes quote the root of the
problem is the president's a morality
now this unusual alarm bell has caused
as I was just discussing with Chuck
instant reaction in the mere two hours
or so since this was published I can
tell you the president spoken out about
it personally the White House is on
defense
a former Trump top aide called in to
MSNBC to address this as did our own
Rachel Maddow I'm gonna play that for
you in a moment now Americans poring
over this essay and what it means
tonight are gonna have plenty to debate
because let me be clear up top Donald
Trump's critics see this as a validation
and public confirmation of what so many
have wondered about what lengths that we
don't even know about our people in this
government going to in order to blunt to
stop to somehow mitigate this particular
presidents more extreme the
and efforts and ideas something at issue
in the new bombshell book by Bob
Woodward that we've also been talking
about but I want to be clear there is
also something here for Trump supporters
the notion that perhaps there is indeed
a secret cabal of people in this
government trying to undermine him they
ask how Obama supporters would feel if
the same news broke about him and
there's a rebuttal to that from Trump
critics as well which is simple
president obama has never done 1/10 of
the things that Donald Trump has done
which these officials feel duty-bound to
stop that to is addressed in this piece
let me read you this Trump official
writes it may be cold comfort but
Americans should know that there are
adults in the room we fully recognize
what is happening and we are trying to
do what's right even when Donald Trump
will not as for Donald Trump his new
response
it's gonna imagine this we have somebody
in what I call the failing New York
Times that's talking about he's part of
the resistance
within the Trump administration this
firm this is what we have to deal with
and you know the dishonest media because
you people deal with it as well as I do
but it's really a disgrace now Trump
calls many different types of critics
dishonest and he's often wrong about
that according to our reporting but also
let's be clear here this senior official
is admitting to keeping these ongoing
efforts secrets in order to fight for us
suppose it greater good for the country
now the white house has been rocked from
all sides this week this is a bad week
for them except for perhaps progress on
the Supreme Court fight Donald Trump's
former special assistant was hammering
the credibility of this person this
writer who feels this strongly but won't
step out from the shadows I do think
it's a little concerning that we do have
someone who is unnamed that is that is
making these kinds of allegations if
they are so concerned about the White
House the presidency that they would sit
they would make these charges yet not so
much that they were willing to risk
their own job for it by putting their
name next to it or stepping down I think
that there's there's a bit of a
credibility issue there do you recall
conversations like this in the halls of
the White House no no but we are told
the conversations are happening I want
to bring in a special panel here Eugene
Robinson a Pulitzer Prize winning
columnist for The Washington Post David
Frum who served in the Bush
administration and has a new piece in
the Atlantic about this very issue as
well as Heidi Prisma a national
political correspondent for us right
here at NBC News Jeanne in the very top
of the show I read some of the responses
and because we live in a hyperbolic era
he I just want to be clear historian
Michael Beschloss quote I've never seen
anything like this in modern
presidential history dan Rather who's
covered his share of scandals kaboom
never seen anything like this do you
agree with that yeah I agree with that
I mean maybe somebody in the Andrew
an administration might have written you
know with his quill pen a you know
something about what life was like then
but this is this is totally
extraordinary this is someone who was
inside I would be shocked if it were not
someone quite high-ranking because I
don't think the New York Times would
have granted anonymity to somebody it
was just a mid-level official how high
do you think I think very high I don't
mean you know obviously I don't know who
it is but I think it would have to be
somebody very high ranking that decision
if you were the editor the editor times
I wouldn't grant Anam anonymity except
to somebody who was at the senior level
this is important because you're in
rooms that many of us and many of our
viewers are not in as a journalist
making this termination you don't think
the New York Times give this out to
someone who's 120 on the list no I don't
think so I don't think so and I you know
and I've been in plenty of meetings I've
been a senior editor at the posts before
that's that's just that's my opinion you
know it flushes out what we've suspected
what we knew actually that that is
crazytown inside the White House and
it's a dangerous crazy town it's what
what we read in the Michael Wolfe book
and that was you know that was sloppy so
it got discredited we read it in the
Omarosa book that you know she's Omarosa
you didn't really give then we read it
in the Bob Woodward book he's the gold
standard for accuracy I've known him for
38 years believe me Bob Woodward says
he's got the goods he's got the goods
and now we have someone inside saying
not only that this is true but there is
an active effort to keep Donald Trump
from exercising his worst impulses
because of the catastrophe that would be
for the country it's a trick you use the
word the sound of Bob Marley is my phone
which should be off by now I apologize
you use the word catastrophe Heidi let
me read to you more from the piece which
again everyone's just digesting quote
from the White House to executive branch
departments and agencies senior
officials will privately admit their
daily disbelief at the
commander-in-chief's comments and
actions most working to insulate
operations from his whims meetings with
him veer off topping off the rails
repetitive rants his impulsiveness
results in half
they kill inform and occasionally
reckless decisions that have to be
walked back I want you to put this in
the context of the other big denial from
the Woodward book which Eugene brings up
which is do we have a policy to
assassinate foreign leaders or not was
there a hit ordered on Assad in Syria
and then was that overruled by the
military in exactly the format that this
article describes people having an
active secret kind of resistance to
orders Ari this is just the exclamation
point on a year-and-a-half of reporting
on similar anecdotes that have come from
anonymous sources in the New York Times
in the Washington Post on this network
as well as in all of the books that have
been published this the news here is
just that this is somebody inside the
White House saying we know it we know
that King has no clothes and telling us
this in his own voice and I am trying I
think we're all at this moment trying to
process what is the end goal here what
does what action is this person trying
to precipitate and who is this message
to and our David and I were discussing
this in the break you know was this
because of the Woodward book but look at
who he mentions in the story he or she
mentions in the op-ed they mentioned
McCain I think this is the message
actually to Congress potentially because
they say in the op-ed this is not about
Trump this is about what the American
people have allowed to happen
what has right and this this author
touts as positives the tax reform and
deregulation they seem to be an economic
conservative I'll read that since you
cited Senator John McCain put it best in
his farewell letter Americans should
heed his words we may no longer have
McCain this writer says but we will
always have his example a lodestar for
restoring honor to public life and our
national dialogue Trump may fear such
honorable men we should revere them and
so any casual viewer here who hasn't
heard about the piece yet I think has
gathered that a lot of people think this
is a big deal David Frum you think it's
big but problematic why I think the
situation will be worse after this piece
and the situation will be worse because
of this piece what will immediately
happen of course is that
everyone suspected in the Trump
administration of possibly being the
author will have to prove loyalty they
will they will cleave closer to the
president not farther there will be a
hunt for moles there'll be a hunt for
leakers people who are more normal more
patriotic less corrupt will find their
jobs in greater jeopardy
Trump will take more advice from the
worst people around them he will spend
more time on the phone with his worst
cronies and we have not moved the ball
toward what the logic of this piece has
if this president shouldn't be president
you should do something about that and
that and that means risking a little
something you but let me put sure that I
don't want to simplify you because you
are such a more nuanced speaker than I
am but it seems to me that you're saying
if you're complaining about Donald Trump
is that he breaks the rules the way you
fight that should not be by breaking the
rules no I'm not saying that I'm saying
because I'm because there are some norms
that are going to give way anyway
because of this presidency what I'm
saying is if you make your resignation
count don't skulk off don't leak the
story the Woodward book that I can't get
past well let me but it'll keep you on
this this is the breaking news you think
this person should be fired and
shouldn't do it this way no I think this
person should come forward and testify
to Congress give chapter and verse and
confront even this Craven supine
complicit what do you say what do you
say to this person though who says this
is bigger than what they would testify
to Congress their their goal is being
achieved by sounding a historic alarm
but give us the specifics and this
wouldn't when I was saying what would
work the detail in the Woodward bow that
struck me was it the story about Gary
Cohn the former chief economic adviser
taking a piece of paper off the
President's desk by which the president
was going to avoid the u.s. South Korea
free trade agreement a catastrophic Lee
in disastrous but usually important
decision and when the paper vanished the
president didn't notice or remember that
it was gone and I said so presumably
that story comes from Gary Cohen or he
signed off on it
and what did Gary Cohen do about it
nothing do you not think that he should
he should have either walked out
or told Congress the president is
mentally disabled gene okay well I think
you refer to this Congress as craven and
supine and that was understatement that
begins to get to where this Congress is
you know I was thinking about this in my
first reaction was yours well this
person should come forward this person
should go to Congress and demand to
testify and Congress would do nothing
this Congress would do absolutely
nothing
especially now coming up to the election
but Congress would do nothing what I
fear is that this person came out as a
way of trying to head off some specific
act of craziness that is that Donald
Trump is forming right now name a single
administration official who has either
resigned or even just been pushed out
and left the administration and then
spoken out you can't and then in many
ways you know that was my first reaction
as well is that this in many ways does
epitomy epitomize the problem that it's
not only people in the White House who
resign or pushed out in one speak out
it's everyone on Capitol Hill and again
that brings me back to what is the
precipitating event for this well we've
lost the one person who other than maybe
Ben Sasse and Jeff Flake was doing that
on Capitol Hill resignation is an art if
you basically support the goals of the
administration but you have some policy
position that you could put into
famously Dean Acheson and when he
resigned from the Roosevelt
administration and I think 1942-43
and President Roosevelt praised him for
resigning like a gentleman because he's
resigned in a way that causes no fuss
that preserved his own integrity in a
matter where he was under dispute but
made clear his enduring support for the
administration but if you don't feel
that way you need to make your
resignation count you need to make it
bloody you need to go in a group you
need to be specific if there's something
you're trying to head off you say what
it is and you say what it is in some
ways the credibility of the media is
also at stake we're gonna see what the
fallout is from this but you saw how
Trump actually
used law enforcement officers as a
backdrop to slan the failing New York
Times and he's going to mobilize his
base now is using this as an another
example of how the media is trying to
undercut him with anonymous sources and
that this person would are people
getting wise to that because gene you
mentioned your colleague Bob Woodward
and that you think his stories are
correct not fiction he has a story in
there about a Jim mattis and trying to
prevent what he views as a 5th grade
educated quote idiot president from
bumbling into war I want to read also
from your paper The Washington Post
reporting officials in the White House
discussing who will replace mattis at
the Pentagon with Woodward's reporting
the maddest old associates he as I
mentioned acted like he had the
understanding of a fifth-grader internal
speculation about Madison's potential
departure has intensified so there's
Donald Trump attacking the media and
then there's Donald Trump's
administration swiftly doing what the
media reports the New York Times says
there's a problem with white House
Counsel Don Magan then he's announced
out same with mattis yeah well you know
apparently they were looking for an
eventual replacement to mattis the
president came out today and because of
that reporting said no no no no no
mattis is going to be around for a long
time who knows he could they get
announced tomorrow that he's that he's
leaving I just get I keep coming back to
the nature of this president president
the the unpredictability of this
president and the fact that I think we
probably know like half of what he's
capable of I think we but I think we
probably don't know yet how just how
crazy it is in there saying how crazy is
crazytown
yeah I think crazy if you know that it's
a town in begins with the word crazy
yeah I mean we you know we hear about
30-minute ramps yeah think about that
for a minute thirty minutes is a long
time it's a long time it's half your
show with no reversal break we have to
eat for half your show well and this
goes to whether there is the feeling
that people have around the country that
being scared
being angry that questioning the very
legitimacy of this presidency is the
rational choice and that anything less
than that is to really misunderstand the
era were in and and that comes again
against the backdrop of what we'll be
covering later in the hour whether this
is the president should put another
lifetime appointment on the Supreme
Court viewers of this show no we don't
regularly poll Trump tweets and post
them in fact there are many tweets every
day and we rarely feature them my
control room tells me that there is a
bizarre response to the president that
meets our bar given the import of this
story the all-caps treason question mark
now heidi again rather than normalizing
that all caps statement if barack obama
or any other president responded to this
kind of report with what is i can tell
you a legally false charge because
there's no conduct here there's gonna do
with treason this is free speech well
there might be a fireable offense you
can lose your job over you have the
right to speak heidi where does that
figure into the very real concern that
the president according to many aides is
dangerously close to quote unquote
losing it I think we've been at that
point many times but I will say to your
question about what effect this is
having and whether we kind of reach a
critical mass and whether this is it
there was some polling information out
within the past week or two re that
suggests that this is to certain extent
backfiring for the president we spent
months saying it's working their efforts
to discredit Moeller are working but the
polls show that now 60% of Americans
want this investigation to go forward
they approve of the course that it's
taking and think it needs to be seen to
fruition so yes I think this piece if it
just stands as it is and the author is
not identified I think will be another
kind of sense for the American people
who are also already deeply concerned
that this administration is going off
the rails but at the same time I think
the president will use it as a weapon to
fire up whatever that number is that 18
to 34 and where this fits in all that
I'm gonna fit in a break because it's
not a 30 minute rant Heidi David and
Eugene thank you for being here hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
