I'm president Trump's getting ready to
head to Texas for a rally tonight the
latest stop in his campaign blitz with
just 15 days to go until the midterm
election take a look at these pictures
from Houston at the site of tonight's
rally a massive crowd has already
gathered with early voting beginning in
Texas today Trump will try to whip up
support for his former rival senator Ted
Cruz whom he called lyin Ted multiple
times in 2016
I've also got a new polling on how
people feel about the president and the
parties as we get closer to the
elections NBC national political
correspondent Steve Kornacki joins me
now Steve I was out of town for a couple
days last week
what has changed where are we now with
15 days to go before these midterm
elections we're in an interesting place
Ally because we've known for a long time
the story as Democrats seem to have the
advantage heading into these midterms
the question though is is that advantage
quite what it was just a couple of weeks
ago so brand new NBC News poll here
here's what we mean overall generic
ballot which party you want to control
Congress Democrats they like this number
nine point advantage for them remember
they've been saying if they can be up
five six seven in this number on
election day they think that bodes well
for them so that is encouraging for
Democrats but here's where it gets a
little more complicated break it down to
the most competitive districts here
about 70 of them and when you get a dead
even race right there 43 43 there's also
this Trump's approval rating in our poll
up to 47% basically the high-water mark
of his presidency in our poll and again
Republicans have been saying if they can
get Trump somewhere into the mid high
40s they may have may have a fighting
chance of the house and then there's
also this the question of enthusiasm so
this had been the story all year over
the summer in our poll Democrats had a
double-digit advantage on that question
there are you really into the midterm
elections for Democrats an 11 point edge
over the summer here's the new number
though as we pull it again in
mid-october the democratic energy it's
not going away it's still there it's
jumped up but that Republican energy has
also jumped up pretty dramatically and
so you have a democratic advantage on
energy but it's four points now it was
11 points over the summer and put that
in further perspective in the recent
midterm waves we've seen the party
that's had the
we've at this point has had you see it
in 14 a double-digit edge on energy for
the Republicans in 10 a 20-point edge
for Republicans Energy no.6 when
Democrats won back the house they had a
13-point edge on energy at this point
right now that Democratic edge it's
there it's four points they're key
constituencies seem fired up Democrats
certainly seem poised to make serious
inroads remember they need a net gain of
23 to get the house they certainly seem
poised to move very close to that number
the question is do they get over it are
they able to get over it by a
significant margin that's where the
doubt has started to creep in a little
bit with that Republican energy rising
Alec all right let's talk about what we
just heard the president say this
election is gonna be about Kavanagh the
caravan tax cuts and law and order he's
been talking about tax cuts possibly
middle to middle class tax cuts
happening before the midterms that is
absolutely impossible Congress is not in
session so that's a lie but these things
when he talked about Cavanaugh Caravan
tax cuts in law and order that's meant
to apply or appeal to his base what's
working for the president that's getting
his approval rating up that and that is
it's all about that energy number of um
Republicans that there's all sorts of
theories out there but it's that name
Kavanagh you said it certainly seems
that this surge in Republican energy you
can make an argument it was inevitable
something would have triggered it anyway
but it really seems to coincide in a lot
of ways with the Cavanaugh hearing also
you know seeing here I don't have the
number to show you but I can tell you
this we talked about a gender gap in
politics the Democrats ahead by 25
points among women in our poll with men
though the Republican advantage has
actually increased recently in our poll
up to 14 almost a 40 point gap behind
the two genders but I mean we there's
gaps we've had before Ally that's
something else let's talk a little bit
about there's some interesting
senatorial races across the country
there's some interesting gubernatorial
races Florida is turning out to be an
interesting one on both fronts we've got
new news that puts Bill Nelson in a good
lead against the current governor but
the governor's race there seems to also
be broadening so this is the interesting
thing there's a brand new poll out from
CNN and the governor's race in Florida
and let me see if I can get that I don't
think it's gonna okay I thought it might
come up there it didn't about tell you
very quickly Andrew
Guilhem the Democrat in the race for
governor of Florida new poll came out
just yesterday has him ahead by 12
points and he's consistently led in the
polls in Florida since the primary Bill
Nelson Democratic senator running for
re-election there he leads by five in
this poll it's raising the possibility
Ali this is interesting if Andrew
Gilliam wins the governor's race and
wins it by a substantial margin is that
what saves bill Nelson in it race right
because there are people who may not be
as enthused about Bill Nelson and and
Rick Scott but may be enthused enough to
go to the polls to vote for Andrew
Gilliam and while they're there by the
way they check off the people been
asking me this and I realized that
you're the guy who has the answer what
indicators will you be looking for in 15
days on election night to give us a
sense of where this is going what are
the key races you're keeping I tell you
the key word is gonna be 6:00 p.m.
Eastern on election night because we're
gonna get poll closings in Indiana and
Kentucky and Indiana you got that Senate
race with with Donnelly the Democrat
running for re-election let's see what
the numbers start looking at 6 o'clock
when the polls close in Kentucky there's
a congressional race in Kentucky the 6th
district there where Democrats are
hoping to flip a Republican seat we'll
start getting those numbers in that 6
o'clock hour and I think those are two
bellwethers potentially for how the
night's gonna go all right we're gonna
be watching the nation's gonna be
watching you very closely on that night
but you and I will talk many times until
then Steve corn Aki's NBC's national
political correspondent hey MSNBC fans
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
