it's a very tough call and I mean I
recognize I am on the news side where we
have that tool available to us which
let's be honest it's not one that we
really relish using and we're certainly
on national security journalism it's
indispensable but I think most of us
would like in all cases to get people on
the record and we do press for that I
guess it goes back to the question of
who is the author and if you're trying
to determine whether or not this is
really important that has to go into the
calculation of whether you grant the
anonymity so if it is somebody at a very
senior level it if it's somebody who
works for the president or high up in
the vice president's office or some were
very high in the management as opposed
to a deputy assistant secretary level
maybe you make that call and say look
this is anything everyone knows we're
gonna shield and it's something I will
have a bigger problem with the times
decision here if it's a mid to low level
person shocked I do think if it were be
great we all know right when you give
somebody anonymity and when you give
some of the anonymity about this you are
putting your own credibility better be
fairly high if it's mid to low level it
becomes then all of a sudden it looks
like that times was trying to store the
best and president will be empowered de
sel anonymity is poisoned on Twitter
online but as to the Woodward book
people as varied as Ari Fleischer and
Paul Begala have stepped forward to say
that over the years although of course
the Nixon crowd has great trouble with
the final days by the way great trouble
with the gala the gala and already both
pushback at the time right at Woodward
books but they say he does his homework
and he knows how to report and I think
Shea made this point I'm not sure and
you'll have to tell me whether op EDD
ters have the same you were mentioning
Karen Tumulty earlier if you report a
call did they have the same antenna for
just straight BS from someone who say
some about you and I both know James
Bennett really well I've known James
Penn a long time he was the editor of
the Atlantic when I worked over at
National Journal that dude is high-end
journalism oh he is external okay I I
would I would assume this is a
high-level Perot
he did you know thank this is a this is
a just like Ruth was a practicing
journalist for a long time before became
an editor hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more me to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
