so Michael Beschloss we think this is
unprecedented I guess you could say
there were times during Wilson's illness
that maybe staffers piped up perhaps I'm
trying to think of other times where you
might have had something like this I
don't know Michael you're that you're
the expert here tell us you know if
we're straining for some kind of a
parallel in the last week's of Richard
Nixon you know people around Nixon were
worried about how he might behave if he
were post push to the brink of
resignation James Schlesinger the
Secretary of Defense told people in the
Pentagon if you get a message from Nixon
for something like putting tanks around
the White House or using the 101st
airborne or using the military to
somehow keep himself in office they were
really talking this way Schlesinger said
disregard that order
unless it is countersigned by me at the
time Henry Kissinger the Secretary of
State was privately saying Al Haig the
White House chief of staff was holding
the country together and he Kissinger
was holding the world together but
that's not of this level Chuck I've
never seen anything like this in modern
president his presidential history if
you think about it someone who was in
place in a high position in the Trump
administration saying the president is
unstable to the level possibly the 25th
amendment the president is a moral
that's the word that was used as weird
views on Russians and dictators and
tariffs is a dangerous man who has to be
restrained plus the writer is saying
there is a group around the president
who is doing exactly that we have never
seen anything remotely like this I is
I'm just sort of I hear you described
this Michael and would you describe it
and sort of when I hear you I hear hear
it in historical terms hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more be two press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC and
TP and the meet the press' mindset right
here for you on YouTube subscribe now
