is a former special assistant in the
Trump administration in the Trump
Whitehouse mark thank you for doing this
you're joining us on the phone I
appreciate it last minute so let me ask
you just straight forward what's your
initial reaction to this this is perhaps
a colleague of yours
perhaps somebody who shared the same
title as you a special a sits in the
president not some mid-level staffer
what you're just you're your gut
reaction now well thanks for having me
Chuck I like many other people are just
finished reading it just moments ago the
first time and and it concerns me for a
couple of reasons well first off you
know we don't know the rank and and the
title and the position that this person
holds and and while I mean and I'll
include myself in this as well while my
position sounds you know when I was at
the White House special assistants as
the president sounds very senior there
are a lot of meetings that took place in
a lot higher levels than I was and so we
don't have that context to be able to
fill out how this person might think and
and to the point I think that was being
made a little bit earlier I do think
it's a little concerning that we do have
someone who is unnamed that is that is
making these kinds of allegations if
they are so concerned about the White
House the presidency that they would
that they would make these charges yet
not so much that they were willing to
risk their own job for it by putting
their name next to it or stepping down I
think that there's there's a bit of a
credibility issue there so you would
urge this person to resign go public and
resign immediately if this is how you
feel and this is what it is that would
be your advice for this former colleague
former colleague of yours well first off
I think it's put you in a very difficult
position when if you are working still
in that administration and you are
working with my former colleagues they
don't know who you are and so it creates
a level of mistrust that we don't know
that this person whatever role whatever
position whatever duties they may have
are they in fact going to be carrying
those out to advance the causes of the
administration or are they now going to
be working on some counter program
on or running resistance against the
administration's goal and and there
needs to be a bond between those kings
and that's that's regardless of politics
White House staff are often very close
because of the the stress the hours they
put in the sacrifices they make and and
when you start cheering at those levels
of trust and it really tears that bond
apart and I do think it will it will
impact the ability of the administration
to get things done people are human
beings it's absolutely true it's hard to
imagine this doesn't create some sort of
paranoia on a lot of levels mark let me
ask you this and maybe you don't want to
say but do you recall conversations like
this in the halls of the White House no
I can tell you that and that's without a
doubt I can tell you there were serious
policy debates and I think one of the
things that I took when I very first
glance reading of this of this op-ed was
and what we see every day is that the
president is willing to challenge
orthodoxy whether it be Republican
orthodoxy about free trade and tariffs
to achieve what he believes is the right
move long term that can definitely rub
people the wrong way and the President
does surround himself with people who
disagree I mean he had a very well-known
high profile Democrats Gary Cohn not
saying Gary Cohen was part of this I'm
using this example you know in the White
House arguing against other people who
brought a different perspectives of
things and that's something that he is
often done is is making folks defend
their position pitting different
positions against each other so you can
reach the right conclusion and I can see
how that can rub that some people the
wrong way we've seen that just using the
tariffs debate or also using the debate
about how we are dealing with some of
our allies whether it's in trade issues
or in bado at their support of NATO that
can rub some of the more orthodox
traditional mainstream thinkers in these
areas the wrong way mark so are you
trying to argue that possibly the
president sort of knee-jerk reactions at
times to things
that
his staff took them too seriously maybe
and that's is that is that the I'm
trying to understand her that that they
misinterpreted some of his rants or
something well no I think there's a lot
I think there are a lot of people who
think that when a Republican is elected
president or or a Democrat is electing
president in a give in a given situation
that there are going to be certain long
health beliefs that will carry forward
through that through that administration
and policies and this is the president
who is basically said is that if I
believe we are getting say unfair trade
deals and we have been getting them for
years and many presidents of both
parties have complained about it I will
I will talk about tariffs I will use
something that goes against Republican
orthodoxy to to achieve my policy goal
and for those who have made careers or
have long lists of experiences you know
supporting no tariffs or lower tariffs
that can rub people and create that and
create a tension between them that
they're just not on board with and I
think that's where people have got to
understand can you serve can you
remember he's the man that was elected
and Mark Lauder is this what needs to
happen here John Kelly's got to have a
staff mini or maybe the president's got
a head of staff in and say okay in or
out you don't like me get out is that
what needs to happen well I don't know
but I don't know if it'll be it would be
a staff meeting or something is
something as broad as that but I think
you know there are probably some folks
in there that need to ask themselves
questions and and they need to know
whether they can serve the
administration and it may need to make
that decision for themselves but they
also need to know that if you're staying
you are committed to the goals of this
administration and this president and by
releasing these things you may you're
creating more of that division that you
say you're seeking to to undo mark
Lauder I'm going to let you go really
appreciate you taking the time as our my
people say you're a good bench you're a
mensch so thank you sir thank you hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights
MTP daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
