president speaking on in terms of
getting things past and getting things
through a article was just printed just
came out few minutes ago
Trump breaks the record for budget
gridlock wins scores big win so for 20
years it's a 20-year record the 20-year
record they call it the fouled-up
budget gridlock and scores big win
here's your thing so this just came out
so in 20 years it hasn't been like it is
now it's we broke we broke it that's
just really positive stuff and then in
addition to that point after point after
point if you look almost 4 million jobs
created since the election
now employ that ever recorded in our
history so we have more people working
today than at any point ever in our
history we've created 400,000
manufacturing jobs manufacturing jobs
are growing at the fastest pace in more
than 30 years economic growth last
quarter was 4.2 percent and as you
people know big and it was a low number
very low number would have been in my
opinion it would have been less than
zero it was heading to negative numbers
new employment claims recently hit a
think of that the unemployment picture
in the country is the best it's been in
49 years african-american unemployment
lowest in the history of our country
Asian American unemployment lowest in
the history of our country Hispanic
American unemployment lowest in the
history of our country I mean I'm just
looking at these just point after point
under my administration veterans
unemployment reached its lowest in many
many years the let's see almost three
point nine million Americans have been
lifted off food stamps just since my
election then you go into all of the
benefits that we got from the tax cuts
all of you people benefited tremendously
from the tactical
we're going to write to try write to try
as we're you have the right if a
person's terminally ill you have a right
to go and try and see whether or not a
drug that's not approved yet can be used
you guys they didn't allow them a point
after point of getting rid of the
individual mandate the most unpopular
thing there is in Obamacare coming up
with new health care plans we've never
had a parent even if you look at the
Olympics got the Olympics the World Cup
just got you just saw them there where
my office got the World Cup nobody has
and we have started the wall nobody has
ever done in less than a two year period
what we've done so when you tell me
about some anonymous source within the
administration probably who's failing
and probably here for all the wrong
reasons now and the New York Times is
failing if I weren't here I believe the
New York Times probably wouldn't even
exist
and someday when I'm not president which
hopefully will be at about six and a
half years from the New York Times and
CNN and all of these phony media outlets
will be out of business folks they'll be
out of business because there'll be
nothing to write and there'll be nothing
of interest so nobody has done what this
administration has done and I agree it's
different from an agenda which is much
different than ours and it's certainly
not your agenda that I can tell you it's
about open borders it's about letting
people flee into our country it's about
a disaster and crime for our country so
they don't like Donald Trump and I don't
like them because they're very dishonest
people remember this also about the New
York Times what I won they were forced
to apologize to their subscribers they
wrote a letter of apology it was the
first time anybody's ever done it
because they covered the election
incorrectly so if the failing New York
Times has an anonymous editorial can you
believe it anonymous meaning gutless a
gutless editorial we're doing a great
job the poll numbers are through the
roof our poll numbers are great and
guess what nobody is going to come close
to beating me in 2020 because of what
we've done we've done more than anybody
ever thought possible
in it's not even two years so thank you
very much appreciated
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
