Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey is scheduled to
testify before the House Committee on
Energy and Commerce this afternoon and
joining us now is a member of that
committee Republican congressman Adam
Kinzinger of Illinois with us the CEO of
the mobile news platform news picks and
Meyer I've got to ask you both I've got
to ask Adam Adam what you Colbert I mean
are you the Letterman Mary you need to
show yeah well I looked at I'm like I
don't have enough gray hair on my head
so I may as well girls I'm out of my
face brush her hair and spiky hair fix
it up so obviously some problems with
Twitter I was just talking about a
California candidate on Facebook who had
her ad yanked because she showed
accurate picture of what happened in
Cambodia what are you gonna ask Jack
Dorsey this morning so first off
Elizabeth's awesome I know where she
used to work on the committee I'm on on
on foreign affairs and that is
unfortunate that that that her ad was
taken down where she's like look I was a
my family came from Cambodia you ever
heard of the killing fields Khmer Rouge
so here's the big battle with like what
we're dealing with with the Twitter
Facebook issue and your guests prior to
going to break set it which is you have
to have like 20,000 people that are
gonna go through all this content if
you're gonna have every issue basically
decided with a human the reality is
there's millions and millions of
Facebook posts or Twitter tweets that go
out every basically minute and so you
have to automate that and that's where
the issue is so one of the things I'm
gonna be most interested in in this
you're gonna have some people that
probably ask you no questions way out
there on both sides here what I'm really
interested in is how in the future do we
prevent things like Russian interference
or Russian influence in our election how
do we get to a point where we know that
people can have free speech but at the
same time we're not giving a platform
for intelligence agencies like Vladimir
Putin's guys to come in here and
influence and divide our
and it's really gonna be a tough thing I
mean really we're gonna be dealing with
this for years
and it's gonna constantly change that's
what we need to get to the bottom of the
story I really looked into this going
after earrings on this Ian we've seen
kind of these niche issues take over a
diamond and silk was my favorite one
sensor serious but this is the Senate
Intel committee and I wonder if I'm
sorry I'm just curious if in today's
hearings we're gonna see more focus on
certain issues I believe Dorsey is
speaking at a different committee but
but but are we gonna see more focus on
the Russia issues or are we gonna see
this kind of grab bag of lawmakers
taking shots in different ways I think
the first thing we're gonna see when
Sheryl Sandberg
and Dorsey go up is gonna be focused on
the Russia issues that involves facebook
that involves Twitter that involves all
the social platforms after that we'll
probably see Twitter ask questions about
and Dorsey asked questions about the
bias on this platform and of course
they're gonna point to specific
incidents this is what gets the public
excited this is what people get upset
over and the specific incidents give the
most gravitas to the moment and that's
really I think what the hearings are
about hey congressman it's willie Geist
as you know these private companies
don't have an obligation to the First
Amendment
what worries a lot of conservatives and
having these companies which many of you
is having leadership and Jack Dorsey has
admitted itself that leans left making
these decisions about what's appropriate
content on their sites where do you
think that line should be and who makes
that decision I'm like I mean I'm
uncomfortable with the government
whether it's with people when they talk
about it with radio and the Fairness
Doctrine and all these other issues with
government coming in and determining
what opinions should be on what station
what channel what time so I think as a
private company look they have a right
to do certain things
now however once you become as big as
Twitter or once you become as big as
Facebook I believe there's a broader
obligation that you at least have to be
accountable to and so while Jack was you
know I respect the fact that he admitted
that hit most of those people are
left-leaning what we want to know is do
you have algorithms in Twitter that's
going to support left-leaning over right
lean I don't know if that's the case
necessarily I've seen I've seen these
diagrams where you see that
conservatives only tweet and read
that are conservative and vice-versa for
liberals and really there's no
intermeshing of folks so I think there's
a lot we have to learn but again this is
some people are gonna showboat or
something on both sides of the aisle I'm
sure but this is a real opportunity to
get some answers and begin a much longer
discussion that we have to have a thing
congressman you have a new op that out
that says the worst is yet to come in
Syria what is the strategy what needs to
be the strategy going forward what are
you advocating right now there's been no
strategy since this whole thing started
I remember being in Israel in 2011 and
our guides like hey yeah there's
probably there's a little fight over
here in Syria and may it turn into a
civil war well here we are and this is
gonna be the shame of our generation
half a million dead Syrians 50,000 of
which are children so I think right now
I think the only answer is really a
negotiated solution but that's gonna
come from the United States and from our
allies that means taking a strong
position that says it Lib this kind of
last holdout a free syrian rebels cannot
be a massacre and i would like to see a
no-fly zone i would like to see some
much stronger action at that level
realistically i think if we can come to
a negotiated solution where maybe syria
looks different in the final and the
final outcome but russia shouldn't have
a place in syria nor should iran and the
people should decide the future of that
country and just going back to Jack
Dorsey's appearance before Congress one
of the big criticisms after Mark
Zuckerburg appearance before Congress
was that it looked like a lot of people
questioned and who had just discovered
the Internet that morning there are
people though in this committee like
congressman Kinsinger who were and he's
got the stubble to prove it or more in
touch and yes we're and in touch with
what's happening online you talk to
congressional aides of people who will
question jack dorsey what should we
expect here well I mean the very fact
that they called me means they're aware
that that was a problem last time right
and they're looking for more information
to big questions they had mainly is
there any competition out there that's
why they were ringing us that's why they
asked us are there any other social
media options for people if they want to
go somewhere else and the second was
really around just understanding how
these business models work why do people
stay on them why don't people leave so
has there been a lot of learning between
then and now
not really but it looks like they're
making the effort all right congressman
Adam Kinzinger thank you so much Thank
You congressman thank you as well still
had senator Ben Sasse breaks with the
President on trade will ask the Nebraska
Republican about that and much more just
ahead a Morning Joe thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
