sir chairman or mr. chairman revenues
40,000 documents that we have in
everyone else join me tonight and we
believe this hearing should know this an
exciting day for all of you here and
you're rightly proud chairman if we
cannot be recognized I move to adjourn
the American people and I move to
adjourn directly we cannot possibly move
forward mr. chairman
very well what is the rush what are we
trying to hide by not having the
documents out front Democrats tried
repeatedly yesterday to postpone Brett
Cavanaugh's confirmation hearing opening
statements were delayed by more than an
hour by those attempts and protesters
inside the hearing room joining us now a
member of the Judiciary Committee
Democratic senator mazie Hirono of
Hawaii senator thanks so much for being
with us this morning
I just described if you could what
clearly was an orchestrated strategy at
the top of that hearing by Democrats it
was really important for us to point out
that there are massive numbers of
documents that we have not even received
and this is not normal to not have those
disclosed to us so yes there was a some
moments where we pointed that out this
hearing is very much about how important
this this nomination is and this person
to be on the Supreme Court who will be
making so many decisions as a fifth vote
on so many issues that will impact all
of our lives choice for women gun let
just gun control presidential powers so
this is really an important hearing for
all of us so despite your protests
senator the hearings march on they'll
open their second day in just a couple
of hours as you know do you view this
nominee it's illegitimate in some way
because of the way the proceedings have
been carried out I don't think it gets
us very far to talk about illegitimate
see or legitimacy because as far as I
was concerned President Obama's
nomination of America garland that
should have gone through but we are
where we are and I personally and I know
that my colleagues are going to do our
very best to point out the patterns of
the decisions that
so judge Kavanagh has already written
and the fact that he is someone who is
very much against woman's right to
choose
he is very Pro the NRA they are already
spending millions to to identify him as
the fifth vote on the Supreme Court
necessary to protect their interests and
right now very important to the
president that he is a one person who
wrote about protecting the president a
sitting president from any kind of
criminal or civil proceedings while he's
there and I think that was the telling
reason that President Trump nominated
him so as you know well senator
Republicans all vote for judge Kavanagh
they have the votes to confirm him what
recourse do you have and do you believe
there's any way to stop this nomination
at this point we're certainly gonna do
our best maybe people like Susan Collins
so who really cares about choice to me
it does not matter that judge Kavanagh I
assured her that he would not be
overturning roe v wade that is not how
all of the limitations that will limit a
woman's right to choose will come about
there's the states that have been
passing hundreds of laws I hope that
Susan Collins will rethink her position
but in the meantime just as the
Federalist Society and the Heritage
Foundation have spent decades putting
these very altra conservative
ideologically driven judges into the
pipeline we need to stay the course to
have judges who truly can be independent
and fair Nick senator big fight
obviously over these documents that came
late on the morning of the hearing and
and a fight in general over access to
his record I want to ask you is there
any conceivable thing that you could
learn in the unreleased documents that
would cause you to vote for judge
Kavanagh I said at the very beginning
that he would have to convince me that
he can be the kind of fair-minded
justice that I would want that would be
good for our country and that's a pretty
high bar for for judge Kavanagh because
I have reviewed his decisions over the
last month or so so it's a pretty high
bar on the other hand I think we are in
title to these documents what do they
have to hide that is our question what
do they have to hide and if I asked her
to Cavanaugh that yesterday I said don't
you think you owe it to the American
people to disclose your documents and so
senator I've always believed that a
president who gets elected has the right
to nominate that at the Supreme Court
and have appointed to the Supreme Court
the the judge of their choice that
elections do have consequences and in
this area unless the nominee is so
deeply flawed that the Senate should in
fact go along with the president's
choice that obviously changed through
the years and most dramatically with
Merrick garland can Americans ever look
forward to the time again where
Republicans and Democrats alike can work
together to to to approve a nominee who
clearly has the judicial temperament the
judicial knowledge force oh there's
always that hope I hope that that
happens but right now the Supreme Court
has become very politicized and the
Roberts Court is very much in line with
corporate interests over individual
rights
so that there are these patterns that
are definitely there in the Roberts
Court and there are certainly patterns
to judge Kavanagh and his decisions all
right I don't know mazie Hirono thank
you very much thank you
Thanks next hour we're gonna be speaking
with another member of the Judiciary
Committee Republican Senator Ben Z the
numbers continue coming in this nominee
since mica said she would say in your
area they did flash polls from Alaska
after she tweeted last night down five
the Republican numbers have collapsed
this morning he's putting together his
resignation
he'll deliver it here on Morning Joe
because Mickey keeps saying
I know what this is a better Ben Sasse
go ahead Brett Kavanaugh isn't the only
one I mean I would say I love Ben Sasse
because Ben Sasse is awesome that's
gonna finish he's awesome but they would
literally come into his office and like
put a bag over his head and hand him out
top if both of us came out publicly
talked about how much we admired
business always have both of us I know
we have in big okay having some problems
all right Brett Kavanaugh isn't the only
one facing questions on Capitol Hill
today Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey will be
grilled about what his company is doing
to combat meddling I don't get this
guy's jack does anybody get this jack
that's a really good way parting it I
don't get this guy they're not that
sadder good well he likes I mean you
know he wants to defend Alex Jones yeah
I don't know it's just there's some
people you don't give a platform to yes
I don't do it they give Facebook gives
him a platform but then I'm not born
your are your whiz-bang now teenage whiz
kid with the tech thing did you see the
candidate out in California I think it's
Elizabeth hang-hang who mm-hmm story
ordinary a Republican we have to do this
her parents survived Pol Pot the Khmer
Rouge she showed pictures of the
atrocities in Cambodia and Facebook
banned the ad or something something
buzz yeah Alex I'm gonna send us to you
basic problem these platforms have is
that they want to regulate the content
in the easiest way possible to automate
it you actually have to have a human
being look at that and realize casually
it's not offensive but to do that would
cost a huge amount of money that to hire
tens of thousands of people there's such
companies I think the business model
they should do it by hand
that's a central dilemma these companies
Alex all right Alex you this candidate
and this video and we should book her
what should do the story they're all
great stories about these Republican
Kent I don't know how she's gonna have
you heard about her Elizabeth hang
each okay we'll look into it
it's amazing it's an amazing you've got
to watch the video I'm gonna show it to
you right now and I'm also gonna tell
you what this is okay yeah Adam
Kinzinger will give us a preview of that
hearing next on Morning Joe he's
standing by hope he doesn't walk away
we'll be right away the Colbert beard I
like to call Bear Butte thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
