day 593 of the Trump administration and
what a back to work Tuesday it was day
one of the Supreme Court confirmation
hearings more on that in a moment and
while that was going on the first report
surfaced about what's in Bob Woodward's
new book and the advance details are
rather devastating the book is called
fear Trump in the White House
Woodward writes that he conducted and
recorded notably hundreds of hours of
interviews for the book while also
reviewing notes personal Diaries
government documents the Washington Post
reports that would word describes quote
a nervous breakdown of the executive
branch under this president and that
quote Woodward depicts Trump's anger and
paranoia about the Russia inquiry as
unrelenting at times paralyzing the west
wind for in west wing for entire days
among the most revealing details are the
interactions between President Trump and
his first lead attorney in the Russia
investigation who you'll remember was
John Dowd according to the Post Bob
Woodward writes that Dowd was convinced
that Trump would commit perjury if he
ever talked to Muller Dowd and Trump's
criminal defense team tried to prep the
president for a possible Muller sit-down
during practice sessions back in January
quote Dowd peppered Trump with questions
about the Russia investigation provoking
stumbles contradictions and lies until
the president eventually lost his cool
this thing's at Gd hoaxes Trump erupted
at the start of a 30-minute rant that
finished with him saying I really don't
want to testify I don't really want to
testify that should be the post says
that Woodward's account reveals Trump's
attorneys insisted to Muller that trumps
testimony was a bad idea because of how
it would make the president look in
March John Dowd reportedly told Muller
quote I'm not going to sit there and let
him look like an idiot and you published
that transcript because everything leaks
in Washington and the guys overseas are
going to say I told you he was an idiot
I told you he was a GD dumbbell what are
you dealing with this idiot for John I
understand Muller replied later Dowd
reportedly told the president quote
don't testify it's either that or an
orange jumpsuit I'll be a really good
witness
Trump told doubt according to Woodward
you are not a good witness doubt replied
mr. president I'm afraid I just can't
help you
the next day Dowd handed in his
resignation
Woodward also details the actions of
some top aides in the White House
including former economic adviser
Goldman Sachs veteran Gary Cohn quote
according to Woodward Cohn stole a
letter off Trump's desk that the
president was intending to sign to
formally withdraw the u.s. from a trade
agreement with South Korea Cohn later
told an associate that he removed the
letter to protect national security
Woodward illustrates the chief of staff
John Kelly's feelings about the
president quote Kelly said of Trump he's
an idiot it's pointless to try to
convince him of anything he's gone off
the rails were in crazy town I don't
even know why any of us are here this is
the worst job I've ever had today Kelly
issued a response calling Woodward's
account quote BS Woodward did request
interviews with President Trump which
were not granted after the manuscript
was published in August the president
called Woodward to say he wanted to talk
today the Washington Post released a
recording of that call
we missed the opportunity to talk for
the book well I just spoke with Kelly
and she asked me if I yeah if I got a
call I never got a call I never got a
message who did you who did you ask
about speaking to me
well about six people you know they
don't tell me senator I talked to Kelly
in about a two and a half weeks ago I've
got to go talk to people and see them
outside at the White House and outside
of their office
gained a lot of insight and
documentation and it's you know it's a
tough look at the world and your
administration hands you right well I
assume that means it's going to be a
negative book but you know I'm some sort
of 50 percent used to that that's all
right
the president was aware the recording
was under way by the way tonight the
president wrote that the books quotes
were made-up frauds a con on the public
he wondered if Woodward was a Democratic
operative and on the Russia front there
is new reporting from the New York Times
on the negotiations between Muller and
Trump's legal team times puts it this
way quote Muller will accept written
answers from President Trump on
questions about whether his campaign
conspired with Russia's election
interference mister Muller's office told
mr. Trump's lawyers and a letter to
people briefed on it said on Tuesday on
whether the president tried to obstruct
the inquiry itself mr. Muller and his
investigators understood that issues of
executive privilege could complicate
their pursuit of a presidential
interview and did not ask for written
responses on that matter tonight NBC
News is reporting that a person familiar
with the matter says discussions are
quote moving in a positive direction
that certainly the line some Trump
surrogates took on television tonight
let's bring in our leadoff panel on a
busy Tuesday night Phillip Rucker
Pulitzer Prize winning White House
bureau chief for The Washington Post
Jeremy bash former chief of staff at CIA
and the Pentagon also a national
security analyst for us and Barbara
McQuade former US Attorney for the
Eastern District of Michigan good
evening and welcome to you all and
Phillip I try gamely to prevent you from
ever passing judgment on one of the
stories that comes before us but you
have read now and reported on this book
you report on this White House every day
do the two portraits match up they
absolutely do Brian and what we have in
Woodward's book is a lot of new detail
and color and scenes and episodes that
fit in with the broader narrative that I
think has been very clear now of this
president you know really showing a lack
of knowledge and information
at the world a lack of curiosity and
alarming his advisors and what Woodward
details is again and again and again his
military leaders general Dunford for
example secretary mattis the defense
secretary and others just being alarmed
by this president by decisions that he
wants to make for example he said in a
phone call to general mattis the defense
secretary that he wanted to assassinate
Bashar al-assad the leader of Syria and
his people and and mattis when he hung
up the phone had to tell his senior aide
no we're not going to do any of that
we're going to be much more measured
than that so there's an effort by all of
these senior officials in the
administration to be guardrails for what
they believed would be very dangerous
and unwise actions that the president
wanted to do I intend to ask John
Brennan a question about that in just
minutes time from now so Jeremy bash in
your lifetime did you think you'd ever
read about or hear of a letter being
swiped off the desk of the President of
the United States lest he read it or
even worse sign it no Brian what we see
here is our system of government is
heaving under enormous strain because we
have a president whose cabinet does not
trust his fundamental judgment they
believe he's unfit to make core
decisions about national security about
life and death and they not only are
alarmed as was just referenced but they
actually believe that his actions are
direct threat to national security and
they have to take unprecedented steps to
prevent that from happening
Barbara McQuade these portions about
lawyers conducting a practice session
with the President and then relating the
results of that to Muller does that
given your experience I know you weren't
in the room or for either instances that
ring true to you I don't know you know
it's the idea that they would do a
practice interview does bring true to me
I think that that's a common scenario to
help someone understand what it might be
like to go through that but to then try
to use that as an excuse to not conduct
the interview does not seem like a
winning argument you know the law says
that a grand jury is entitled to every
man's evidence is the way the law was
phrase long ago that includes a present
and so just because you're bad at
telling the truth doesn't mean you get
out of it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
