there will always be an asterisk after
your name appointed by a president named
as an unindicted co-conspirator after
the vast majority of documents relating
to the most instructive period of his
life were concealed and so a Supreme
Court confirmation hearing unlike any
other began today in the Senate
Judiciary Committee a federal appeals
court judge Brett Kavanaugh is the first
person to be nominated for the United
States Supreme Court by an unindicted
co-conspirator in a current federal
criminal case if you've been following
the Cavanaugh confirmation process
closely you probably learned nothing
that you didn't already know about Brett
Kavanaugh in today's hearing except this
the two men facing each other there are
both proud and loving fathers one of
them has two children the other used to
have two children now he has one his 14
year old daughter Jaime was one of these
17 people killed in the mass murder at
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in
parkland Florida Fred Guttenberg
explained what you're seeing in that
photograph this way just walked up to
judge Cavanaugh as morning session ended
put out my hand to introduce myself as
Jaime Guttenberg dad he pulled his hand
back turned his back to me and walked
away I guess he did not want to deal
with the reality of gun violence here is
the video of that moment and you will
see Fred Guttenberg is the first person
to speak to Brett Cavanaugh when he gets
out of the witness chair
the photograph of Brett Kavanaugh
turning his back on Fred Guttenberg went
viral almost immediately and by the time
Brett Kavanaugh made his opening remarks
the White House was already issuing
statements defending Brett Kavanaugh
turning his back on friend got Fred
Guttenberg and so I had high hopes for
Brett Kavanaugh high hopes that he would
find Fred Guttenberg in the audience and
just shake hands with him say something
sympathetic to a grieving father and his
opening remarks perhaps but he didn't he
could easily have just added a sentence
or two that's the most it would take to
his opening remarks he didn't say a word
about Fred Guttenberg or Fred's daughter
Jamie but he did talk about some other
girls girls with very bright futures for
the past seven years I've coached my
daughter's basketball teams I love
coaching all the girls I've coached are
awesome
and special congratulations to the girls
on this year's sixth grade CYO
championship team Anna Quinn
Kelsey Shawnee Chloe Alex
Ava Sophia and Margaret I love helping
the girls grow into confident players I
know that confidence on the basketball
court translates into confidence in
other aspects of life I love everything
about that I love that he loves coaching
his daughter's team and I love that he
gave a shout out to them and the other
sixth graders on the team I love
everything he said there and I believe
he means every single word of that I
know that confidence on the basketball
court translates into confidence in
other aspects of life not if you don't
get to have a life not if a mass
murderer walks into your school when
you're 14 years old and takes your life
away and that's what happened to Jamie
Guttenberg and now her dad goes
everywhere he can
and reaches his hand out to everyone he
can to try to bring sanity to America's
gun laws he did it to me at a big
crowded event in Washington Fred
Guttenberg approached me the same way he
approached Brett Kavanaugh today with
that outstretched hand and he said I
mean Fred Guttenberg I am the father of
Jamie Guttenberg who was murdered at
Parkland and those words those words
froze me in place listening to every
word that he had to say
marveling that he could compose himself
and smile through that unimaginable
burden of grief and today Fred
Guttenberg tried that same approach with
the nominee for the Supreme Court of
United States and the nominee turned his
back on him and then when given a chance
to apologize to clarify it didn't seem
to even cross his mind and so even
though Brett Kavanaugh took no questions
today from the senators we learned more
about him in his response to Fred
Guttenberg then we will probably learn
about Brett Kavanaugh in the rest of the
hearings and joining us now
Fred Guttenberg Lawrence you just gave
me my first legitimate laughs of the day
I remember exactly what you're talking
about at the March for our lives on a
March 24th I remember walking up to you
and and those exact words that you
described are exactly what I said today
to Judge Cavanaugh and when I got to the
part about my daughter Jamie was one of
the kids murdered in parkland was when
you see him turn around and move the
other way and Fred just as a human
experience I just have to tell you that
when when I heard those words from you
it was like it was just like a cementing
in place it was like the world I forgot
the world around me there was nothing
else to do except to take in what you
had to say and and I I would assume that
most of the time with most people in
Washington who you approach who you try
to talk to about this when you I
by yourself that way that they they must
they must respond to you don't they most
of them you know what Lawrence they do
and I don't make an effort just to go up
to people who I think believe in gun
safety as you said in your open I go up
to everyone I want to talk to everyone
about this because if you agree with me
then we work together if you don't agree
with me then I hope to change your mind
or at least find a place where we can
agree because it's in everybody's public
safety if that happens justice Cavanaugh
judge Cavanaugh does not agree with my
positions and as a dad I I watched him
introduces kids he has a beautiful
family he seems like an amazing dad and
I'm sure he's a wonderful man I've never
really met him other than the effort to
shake his hand but I know by his public
statements I know by his rulings that I
have reason for concern and I'll give
you an example
we passed gun safety in Florida it's
passing in other states around the
country everywhere we pass safety the
NRA files a lawsuit the NRA is right now
spending a lot of money to get him
selected and what will eventually happen
is one of these lawsuits maybe it'll be
Florida will end up in front of him and
he will have to judge it I am concerned
that something like raising the age 21
which we've done in Florida red flag
laws which we've done in Florida
eliminating bumps talks between done in
Florida before we get to even all the
more serious stuff he would rule
unconstitutional I hope to speak with
him as a father and look him in the eye
and tell him those few things would have
saved my daughter not the bun stocks but
raising the age of 21 a red flag laws
and Fred
was it was it clear to you that he could
hear what you were saying to him oh
there I listen I have no doubt I know my
voice I'm certain he heard my words and
I'm certain when he heard me say my
daughter Jean
was murdered in parkland that's when he
turned and Fred I've been in that
hearing room many many many times and I
can I absolutely can back you up that
that anything said from that distance in
that situation is easily audible in a
situation like that and I've seen many
people engage in conversations in those
circumstances many many times and so I
I'm sorry that it turned out the way it
did for you today and I really
appreciate you joining us here tonight
Fred really thank you very much Fred
thank you for having me Lawrence
thank you Fred Guttenberg gets tonight's
last word thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
