I want to turn now to some agreement
that's so remarkable it could blow right
past you on a news day like this Bob
Woodward reporting the Trump's own
senior staffers have views that actually
overlap with some of the harshest voices
in the resistance to trump all coming
together to make these accusations
tonight that President Trump is a liar
who's basically out of control and can't
be trusted
consider that contrast as you look at
what's playing out today on the hill
elected Democrats have a strategic
argument they're trying to stop or get
more documents on the Supreme Court pick
for a long shot inside strategy but on
the streets the resistance in the
grassroots much stronger with direct
action protest in that same room Trump
meanwhile shattering norms overstepping
the law violating oversight of the
Justice Department a professor Michael
Eric Dyson is more associated with that
resistance critique and he was recently
quite blunt in how to take on Donald
Trump at a wreath of Franklin's funeral
then this orange apparition had the
nerve to say she worked for him you
lugubrious leech
you don't be doppelganger of deceit and
deviance you leave a liar you dim-witted
dictator
you foolish fascists now that's the
voice of a critic but read this quote
from Donald Trump's own chief of staff
allegedly saying he's unhinged an idiot
it's pointless to convince him of
anything he's gone off the rails were in
crazy town I don't even know why any of
us are here john kelly sang in the new
Woodward book this is the worst job I've
ever had
Kelley denying that he ever said that
today Michael Eric Dyson at Georgetown
professor and the author of what truth
sounds like I'll say on a personal note
the sound of you at that important
memorial with so many leaders from the
American community from the
african-american community which is of
course one community was notable and
striking your view of this theory we put
forward this thesis since you are such a
philosopher thank you and John Kelly
according to Bob Woodward have a similar
view of Donald Trump this is our
Hegelian moment we have a thesis and an
antithesis and now we have a synthesis
Martin Luther King jr. couldn't be
prouder this is remarkable
the reality is that those within the
Beltway those even within the Oval
Office have to maintain a certain
decorum a certain distance from the
madness because they must maintain and
preserve business those of us on the
outside have the responsibility to
continually hammer at and hammer away at
the viciousness the lies the deceptions
the the prevarications that come out on
a daily basis and it is gratifying
though sadly so that John Kelly and
Michael Eric Dyson absolutely agree and
yet the resolution of it is that those
inside must tell more of that truth if
you're working for a man who you believe
is in crazytown then he's inducting you
into the citizenry of crazytown this as
well
you've got to oppose him tooth and nail
now there's an argument to be made
somebody's got to be inside to stop him
steal letters take things and let me go
there right because you talk about
stealing letters and you use the term
dopey doppelganger right you are also
good sir an agreement tonight with
departed White House aide Gary Cohen
right who
serve Donald Trump defended Donald Trump
stood by during charlottesville but then
and I want to read this at length
because I want to make sure everyone at
home understands the account kkona wall
street veteran tried to tamp down
Trump's tried nationalism on trade Cohn
stole a letter off Trump's desk the
president was intending to sign to
withdraw the u.s. from this South Korean
trade agreement and Cohn later told an
associate he removed a letter that's his
word for stealing to protect national
security and Trump didn't notice it was
missing Cohn made it similar paid to
prevent Trump from pulling the u.s. out
of NAFTA something the president's long
threatened to do and in 2017 Trump was
eager to withdraw and told White House
aide Porter why aren't we getting this
done do your job I want to do it under
orders from the president Porter drafted
a notification letter withdrawing from
NAFTA but he and other advisers worried
it could trigger an economic and
formulations crisis so Woodward cut
recounts that Porter went to Cohen who
told him quote I can stop this I'll just
take the paper off his desk this is not
a joke this is not a South Park or
Simpsons episode what does this tell you
about what the men closest to Donald
Trump think of him I mean I mean think
about this this is not even the fury and
fire of brother wolf this is Bob
Woodward the Dean of American
journalists with empirical evidence
empirical that which can be falsified to
verify through the senses a piece of
paper a document a data recording an
interview of men who have been willing
to testify whether on record or not or
at least by attribution and not that
this man is engaging in public policy
and the presidency by tiddlywinks and
Gauss ting and adolescent shenanigans
this is astonishing and all the more
frightening that the President of the
United States of America does this and
not only is it interesting and
intriguing and some would say illegal or
immoral for mr. Cohn to withdraw that
letter though some would agree with him
the more astonishing fact is Donald
Trump didn't even know he took something
off of his desk because it wasn't from
his heart his mind his soul his vision
it was something that was put before him
to placate him or for him to placate the
American public and it does not grow out
of a conscious effort to negotiate the
competing demands of that presidency
because as one other person said this is
a fifth or sixth grader not only in
terms of his you know ephemeral
temperament but also the whimsy and the
fancy and the anger and the hostility
that emerges from him we are in dire
trouble and this book only clarifies
that when we listen you professor we
don't always feel better but we do feel
clearer and sometimes that's the first
step I appreciate you coming by on a
busy night hey I'm already Melvin from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
