now we turn to another big story tonight
the start of the battle for the soul of
the Supreme Court Republicans trying to
hold a razor-thin majority get Brett
Kavanaugh confirmed on this court but it
was Democrats seizing the energy today
for a hearing that all sides agree was
unlike any other in American history
that's not hyperbole there was a move to
shut down or delay the entire hearing
that was backed by Senator Richard
Blumenthal seated with me today live
Republicans he says are making a mockery
of the process and he's part of a
coordinated effort by Democrats to man
the Trump White House release thousands
of missing documents about Cavanaugh's
government work we cannot possibly move
forward mister chair Jim you're very
warm we have a meeting we have been
denied real access to the documents we
need to adviser man regular orders
called which turns this hearing into a
charade and a mockery of our norms this
process will be tainted and stained
forever motion is well they're not out
of order mr. chairman this is the first
confirmation hearing for a Supreme Court
justice I've seen basically according to
mob rule far from mob rule far from
contempt of the process we're simply
asking for respect here to the normal
regular order the pressure from Senate
was matched by unusually vocal citizen
protest inside that hearing room there
were a 70 arrests by the latest count we
saw police carrying out some activists
in the room by their arms and legs
meanwhile outside the room other
protesters dressed like characters from
The Handmaid's Tale a reference to that
novel in miniseries about a world where
women are denied basic equality and
rights
now when Kavanagh finally did speak he
argued that he's fair he made a direct
reference to his colleague on the
appeals court in Washington a name that
Democrats associate with the very seat
Republicans stole from President Obama
I've served with 17 other judges each of
them a colleague and a friend on a court
now led by our superb chief judge
Merrick garland superb or not garland is
not being considered anymore for this
court and demo
that's argue Cavanaugh is a threat to
women's rights to the environment to
regulating Wall Street the theme though
that they may have hammered more than
any other was that Cavanaugh today could
aid in a bet Trump in alleged
obstruction of justice this is a
president has shown us consistently that
he's contemptuous of the rule of law and
it's that president who's decided you
are his man I believe you've repeatedly
and enthusiastically embraced an
interpretation of presidential power so
expensive it could result in a
dangerously unaccountable president and
I find it difficult to imagine that your
views on this subject escaped the
attention of President Trump who seems
increasingly fixated on his own
ballooning legal jeopardy there will
always be a taint there will always be
an asterisk after your name I'm joined
now live by Senator Richard Blumenthal
fresh from the hearing in Marc Morial
president and CEO of the National Urban
League which works on civil rights
issues a senator why was it important to
you to try to shut down this entire
hearing and what do you think Democrats
achieved today what we achieved was
raising this issue for the American
people that we have received only about
6% of the documents that are relevant to
our doing real advise and consent and
knowing what the Republican leadership
is hiding here you wouldn't hire someone
knowing just 10% of their resume you
wouldn't buy a house saying just 10% of
the rooms we have seen about 10% of the
documents that bear directly on his
qualifications and you're quoting cory
booker people were quoting Shakespeare
earlier in the hour let's listen to
senator Booker make that point and come
back to you this was senator Booker
today on the secrecy 90% of the
documents we haven't seen it's not the
number of the document I'll be glad to
respond to that wouldn't we would I dare
an intern sir with only 90 percent of
their resume so we're putting somebody
on the order in court you're both
hammering that is that because you think
what's not known about Cavanaugh is
worse than what's known what's not known
about Cavanaugh
is very possibly worse and the
presumption has to be that they have
something to hide they're hiding a
reason what are they afraid of showing
the American people and this we're in
the fight now we're not in the pregame
anymore what is your theory what do you
think they are hiding do you think it's
something about torture during the Bush
administration do you think it's a
personal impropriety what are Americans
to make of this as we go into day to
tomorrow and questioning that there's
such a focus on the missing documents
what's real to the American people is
whether or not they have the right women
have the liberty to decide when they
want to become pregnant whether people
have the opportunity to marry the person
they love whether we drink clean air and
breathe free air and water and we need
to know what it is about his views on
this imperial presidency and that may
allow Donald Trump in effect to be
appointing the judge in his own case now
let me play some Republicans when this
was last an issue under Obama we always
try to play all sides here to make sure
the viewers get the full story and
sometimes you play the other side and it
makes them look better sometimes you
play the other side it makes them look
far worse and this seems to be that case
because there is such an obvious
hypocrisy when you look at the treatment
here of Republicans towards Garland in
2016 will justice garland Judge garland
get a hearing no I don't think so
this nominee is not going to be
considered it has been 80 years since a
Supreme Court vacancy was nominated and
confirmed in an election year there is a
long tradition that you don't do this in
an election year it is a president's
constitutional right to nominate a
Supreme Court justice and it is the
Senate's constitutional right to act as
a check on a president and withhold its
consent with Ted Cruz consistent about
that today or is he a hypocrite in your
view well the Republican leadership has
been completely inconsistent they are
obviously considering this nominee in an
election year
and the denial and cover-up it is a
cover-up of these documents is going to
be a lasting pain and stain because
eventually these documents will come out
and my Republican colleagues who are
voting for this nominee now will have to
live with a very harsh judgment of
history about their supporting someone
we don't know exactly what they're
hiding we can only speculate something
in his personal background something in
the positions that he took universally
and I that or some of his views on
whether or not the president can be
indicted whether or not the president
has to comply with some so you think
there may be a bombshell you think for
example and we're working off argument
because they haven't provided the facts
I would prefer to report as a journalist
on what's in the darn papers but your
concern there could be a bombshell like
he told george w bush
you could never be indicted or have to
face a subpoena and if that came out it
would change the game I want to let Marc
Morial in the conversation you were in
the room you let me tell you something
this process is completely tortured it's
broken we've taken the position that
until all documents all information has
been presented to the committee the
committee shouldn't consider it it's a
contradiction to last two years ago
stall on Garland and now try to fast
walk Kavanagh it's a complete
contradiction now what's in those
documents what's in those documents
bears on this candidates views on the
issues of executive privilege
presidential power issues that are at
the heart of the consideration of how he
would perform on the subpoena let's
let's put some facts on it but yeah well
when you look at the the decisions that
are out there the lot of what is said is
well they'll follow the law so don't
worry about Roe or don't worry about
brown v board but look at this reporting
when you actually look at the numbers
that the descent rate according to the
Washington Post Cavanaugh actually
dissented 19 percent of the time when it
was up against certain issues with
Democrats appointed and nearly double
the rate of his colleagues does that say
to you that if he got this promotion and
was unbridled he might overturn other
precedent or civil rights probably he'd
overturned civil rights pre be inclined
to overturn civil rights presidents I
think he'd be a rubber stamp for the
administer
I think that so much of the progress
we've made when it comes to voting
rights when it comes to health care when
it comes to women are at stake with this
nomination this is not a if you will I
think a worthy successor of the
moderation of Anthony Kennedy this is a
judge whose outcome predetermined who
has in one case when President Clinton
took office he believed in a
wide-ranging inquiry of the president
when he became secretary to President
Bush and in his writings later on now he
believes in almost an imperial
presidency saying that one a president
could ignore a lawful statute of the
Congress can refuse to refuse to in
effect execute it right used to enforce
it if he disagrees with his
constitutionality you guys both care
about the law that's the law here on the
show I got to fit in a break we're gonna
be watching you and the hearing tomorrow
fight the law today
in that hearing re so I would give you
the same license here but very seriously
mark makes a very very good point that
we're gonna be in the arena tomorrow
asking tough questions about Bush
opinions his dissent and about his
emails hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
