welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with
speaking up I'm obsessed with shedding
light on a dark campaign that many
journalists myself included have never
fully acknowledged so I decided to write
about I'm obsessed with the campaign to
destroy the legitimacy of the American
news media bashing the media for
political gain isn't new and like so
much else in the Trump era Donald Trump
didn't start this fire but he is
spreading it to a potentially more
dangerous place
look the modern campaign against the
american press corps has its roots in
the Nixon era Nix Nixon's angry foot
soldiers upset we went after Nixon he
didn't get the Kennedys or LBJ and those
foot soldiers included Fox News founder
Roger Ailes
and he continued Nixon's fight against
the media even after he left office
Ailes is sustained assault on the press
created the conditions that would allow
a president to surround himself with
aides who argue for alternative backs
and announce the truth isn't true
without Ailes a man of Trump's
background and character that the
conditioning of the ground on the right
could never have won Roger Ailes in some
ways was the godfather of the Trump
presidency now I fully acknowledge news
organizations in serious journalists
make mistakes and they have some bias
issues with their different kind when we
do though we correct the record house of
fully acknowledged we bring our own
biases the questions we ask the stories
we pursue pursue they're all shaped by
things as simple as a geography ie where
we grew up or where we live Roger Ailes
didn't sweat the news nuance he
exploited it and he did it for political
gain attacking the liberal media and
creating a mythology of a biased press
for political means and for a political
end it's not what was going on and what
did we reporters do in the face of this
cable onslaught is character
assassination on an almost nightly basis
that a led to the election the most fact
free presidential candidate in history
nothing we did nothing because we were
trained to say nothing good reporters
know that they have to let the chips
fall where they may and that criticisms
comes with the gate bring it on
we all know that the loudest squealers
are usually the ones we've exposed doing
something untoward and that eventually
they'll get their comeuppance American
democracy requires a functioning press
that informs voters and creates a shared
set of facts if journalists are going to
defend the integrity of their work and
the role it plays in a sustaining
democracy we're going to
start defending our work and fighting
back against unfair ridiculous charges
every day we need to do our job check
our facts strive to be transparent and
say what we're seeing that's why I'm
trying to do here I've seen a nearly
50-year campaign to delegitimize the
media for political means and I'm going
ahead and saying it not advocating for a
more activist press in the political
sense but simply for a more aggressive
one and a more straight shooting one it
means having a lower tolerance for
talking points a greater willingness to
speak in just plain truths this is
happening I'm telling you it means not
allowing ourselves to be so spun and not
giving guests or sources a platform to
spin readers untrue as if we know it
even if it angers them access isn't
journalism's Holy Grail anymore and
never should have been fax off
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
