the Supreme Court must never never be
viewed as a partisan institution welcome
back day one of Brett Kavanaugh Supreme
Court confirmation hearing just wrapped
up following the judges opening
statement after speeches from dozens of
people on the Judiciary Committee and
those introducing it that hearing got
very heated though very quickly earlier
today as soon as the hearing got started
Democrats moved to adjourn they were
demanding a delay to give them time to
review tens of thousands of pages of
Cavanaugh documents that were released
just last night
stew chairman mr. chairman even doors
were closed and documents that we have
in everyone else join me tonight and we
believe this hearing should know this
long exciting day for all of you here
and you're rightly proud chairman if we
cannot be recognized I move to adjourn
the American people Chairman I move to
adjourn directly we cannot possibly move
forward mr. chairman what is the rush
what are we trying to hide by not having
the documents out front but Republicans
refused to adjourn and the proceedings
got back on track after about an hour or
so of that back-and-forth and by the way
no one has even begun to actually
question judge Cavanaugh today was just
opening statements from well anybody
that wanted apparently give an opening
statement the actual questions they
don't actually begin until tomorrow join
now by Rhode Island Democratic senator
Sheldon Whitehouse he is a member of the
Senate Judiciary Committee and he joins
me now senator Whitehouse I know you
guys just got done I appreciate you
coming here and giving us a few minutes
good to be with you let me just start
with a simple question why did you guys
participate in that hearing today why
didn't you walk out I think we do a
better job doing our jobs and making our
arguments than we do by walking out
nobody's answered the question when we
walk back and if they simply push him
through without our voices being present
in the room I don't think that helps I'm
not sure that this walking out I don't
know where this walking out idea has
come from but I'm not a big proponent of
it I think we have a fight in front of
us and if we're not in the room that's
not going to do anybody any good I think
the argument that the left will make
this but those that in the sort of the
aggressive progressive the per the
aggressive progressives I guess we
should call this wing of the party will
say hey Mitch McConnell would have
pulled out any stop to delay delay delay
do whatever it takes
Senate Democrats need to learn to do
whatever it takes what would you say is
a benefit Mitch McConnell had the
benefit of being the majority leader so
I know I take your point could polite I
take your point on that our only our
only tool is our voice and I for one am
proud of the way the Democrats and the
Judiciary Committee made our voices
heard today both about Kavanagh and
about the sped-up Ram job procedural
process that were engaged in and about
the larger problem of big corporate
special interest capture of the courts I
think those are the important issues and
those are the things we need to continue
to battle on today through the
questioning tomorrow and the day after
through our statements afterwards
through our markup on this nominee to
the floor we need to be deploying our
voices not running away but doing it it
sounds like and what would be referred
to as regular order I guess is the way
to look at it well I don't know that
regular order was what we saw today but
we were certainly I think within our
rights as senators to asked for an
adjournment to seek votes and we were I
think given virtually no good arguments
on the other side as to why those things
shouldn't happen
they just ruled against us procedurally
every time and moved on so what does
that tell you I mean is this I take it
that must be very frustrating what it
tells me is that this is more
politically important to the Republicans
and probably anything they've done
including the big tax giveaway that they
passed some months ago to restore that
fifth Republican vote on the court so
the court can keep delivering these
partisan five-to-four decisions that are
such a boon for the big Republican
interests is probably their top priority
and they're going to let virtually
nothing
suade them which makes our voices
calling it out all the more important
except that some would say voices are
one thing but as you've heard this and
again I take your point I don't know
beyond gumming up the works for a couple
of days I don't know what delaying would
do but that's what some would argue that
you know what gum up the works this is
that important to them does make it that
the work and some to be there
it doesn't gum up the works not to be
there you've got to be in the arena if
you're gonna have any effect how do you
win an argument about document
production with the American people I
think by continuing to emphasize it I
had a Democratic colleagues say that you
know she'd been home and that a lot of
people in her home state we're talking
about this I was at the McCain services
most of the weekend so I have not been
getting as much home state news but I
think the American public are getting
that there is something fundamentally
unfair about a last minute forty two
thousand page document dump about
selecting which 10 percent of the
records you're gonna let the other side
see right and certainly anybody who's
ever litigated a case knows perfectly
well do you're supposed to go to trial
the next day and on the night before
trial begins you've got a forty two
thousand page document dump the first
thing you're gonna do is to go into
court the next day and say I need a
continuance and any decent judge in the
country would give you that continuous
you know Senator Clovis Shah was on Meet
the Press on Sunday and she indicated to
me the following that that she has read
some papers of Kavanagh that you are not
allowed to release it to the public but
you and the committee are allowed to see
that she says would provide the
opportunity to ask some I open inquiry
of the putt of the record that we on the
public are not allowed to see but you
are on the Judiciary Committee have you
seen anything that you would argue is
disqualifying there's no single fatal
smoking gun that would cause the
Republicans to back away from him that I
have seen there are an array of emails
and communications that
particularly his integration with
Leonard Leo in the Federalist Society
and add to a very strong narrative that
this is the big Republican interest
behind the Federalist Society actually
seizing the court you have McGann having
admitted that they in sourced the
Federalist Society make this selection
you've got Cavanaugh doing 50 let me ask
you this so what do the Federalist
Society would be what I mean does that
why does that matter so much I mean it's
an independent judiciary well there it's
pretty clear that presidents are picking
people that philosophically believe in
sort of their interpretations of the
Constitution so that shouldn't be a
surprise should it not
I think if President Obama had brought
in the president of the American Civil
Liberties Union and said I'm letting you
make the choices of who I put on the
Supreme Court and none of us are gonna
tell the public who's in the room while
you vet these candidates and see what
promises are made the 11 Republican
heads on the Judiciary Committee would
have exploded and the fact that they are
just rolling with these punches I think
is a sign that the big interests behind
the Federalist Society who are behind
Kavanagh are also behind all of these
senators and nobody wants to quarrel
with the big funders of their party so
it's all line up to salute and drive
this guy out of the court you are one of
the more thorough legal minds I've
interviewed in the Senate I think you
you it's why you're on judiciary I know
you were a state attorney general you
sort of you're your this is this is your
your home turf help the viewer tomorrow
when various senators asked the question
about settled law what should they be
listening for when it comes to if they
have if they care about the road
decision the phrase settled law
basically means that there has been a
majority decision of the United States
Supreme Court that still stands and that
since it is settled law the magic words
that people who care about Roe versus
Wade should be looking for is also the
acceptance that it was correctly decided
because if it is Cavanaugh's view that
Roe versus Wade
although settled was not correctly
decided then he's very likely to be a
vote to repeal or undo it so you need to
not only have it be so long believed
that it was correctly settled in order
to have any confidence particularly
against president Trump's assertion that
Cavanaugh is being put on the court to
undo Roe versus Wade so for you that's
the code word to listen for tomorrow
how will he answer that question about
whether it was a rectified it all right
senator Sheldon Whitehouse Democrat from
Rhode Island like I said Oh probably is
deep on legal issues as anybody I deal
with in the United States Senate thanks
for coming on sharing your views so
thanks Chuck good to be with you hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
