my panels back with me so so again let's
see what what the Turkish president has
to say tomorrow Mike but our president
president Trump continues to say this is
an incredible ally and he allows for the
possibility that MBS did not order this
death Kenny
hang in there with that story well I
don't think it really matters to Trump
that much because he looks at our
domestic politics and he doesn't think
that this will affect it and I largely
think he's right and he's cast his lot
to such an extent with the Saudis we're
almost treating Saudi Arabia like it's
2008 or 2004 and they have this huge
sway over world oil supplies that's not
the case but what Trump did was beyond
just making his first visit there there
are two pillars of Middle East policy
and it's Israel and Saudi Arabia and he
embolden NBS and told him yeah
everything that you're doing is great
and then when NBS does this or has this
murderer done in his name and by the way
a fist fight that went wrong the Turks
are saying that just happened to bring a
song yeah bonesaw was broad so we know
that and also I'd like to point out that
if there is a fist fight that goes wrong
that's still in the United States felony
murder and also that they don't even
have a written penal code in Saudi
Arabia so Saudi Arabia is a really tough
ally in terms of human rights
I don't think Trump thinks that the
electorate will care about it and he
thinks that perhaps he could give his
tap dance and skate on by with the only
consequence as being you know
Republicans and Democrats in Congress do
this and say bad boy well there does
seem to be a bit of incredulity at least
in some corners about this The Wall
Street Journal has has details of a call
that they say was made between Jared
Kushner and the Crown Prince October
10th and they cite a person close to the
Royal Court quote from this story he was
really shocked there was such a big
reaction to it referring to MBS that a
person close to the Royal Court he feels
betrayed by the West he said he would
look elsewhere and he would never forget
how people turned against him before
evidence was even produced Josh anything
credible in that reaction or in the
interview by the foreign minister of
Saudi Arabia it was like elsewhere where
is he going to look the Saudis need us
more than we need the Saudis and that's
the
the remarkable thing about the president
doesn't seem to be the message though
that we're getting from the present it
is not and and this is this is the very
stupid thing the president is doing here
now this story from the Saudis is
ridiculous everyone knows it's
ridiculous I'm sure the president knows
it's ridiculous he just doesn't care
because the president realizes that if
you say something like you believe that
you can say something ridiculous and
that can work politically it's
implausible deniability that's fine with
him from the Saudis but the problem is
we our alliance with the Saudis is is an
alliance of convenience we have certain
shared interests we do not have shared
values it's supposed to be transactional
and the Turks what they realize here is
the Saudis have done something that
creates a big problem for them and the
Turks I'm sure trying to come up with
the best transaction they can how they
can use this leverage point to get
something out of the Saudis there's a
lot we would like out of the Saudis
there are ways they could be more
helpful to us in the region they could
stop funding extremist mosques in Europe
that are destabilizing countries in the
West Jarrid there also has made it a
centerpiece of his Middle East movies
that he was going to broker so easily
and by the way I thought one of the most
telling sentences speaking of
credibility out of the Washington Post
interview with the president was him
saying of Jared Kushner and MBs there
are two young guys Jared doesn't know
him well or anything they're just two
young people they are the same age well
they like you and this is the thing when
we see the White House you're not
apparently trying to use this incident
in order to get anything out of Saudi
Arabia maybe they are getting something
out of Saudi Arabia is just something
private something financial rather than
something for the US national interest
right because Trump has said that I have
no business interest in Saudi Arabia but
the Saudis clearly have a business
interest in him buying at least he brags
on a campaign trail tens of million
dollars worth of apartments and I just
want to highlight that one thing about
how NBS was hurt that he didn't get due
process in Saudi Arabia you know dude
you could be attained four years and
they don't even tell you what your crime
is reinforce what bill neely said they
call and offer condolences to cash oh
geez oldest son who by the way is under
a travel ban can't get out of the
country his feelings might be hurt by
that yeah yeah hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
