Rudy Giuliani was once known as
America's mayor America's mayor but this
year he took on a different role as
trumps TV defense lawyer he started off
his public campaign in defense of the
president by openly admitting the Trump
repaid that money that was funneled
through a law firm to stormy Daniels
having something to do with paying some
stormy Daniels woman 130,000 I mean
which is gonna turn out to be perfectly
legal that money was not campaign money
sorry I'm giving you a fact now that you
don't know it's not campaign money no
campaign finance violation so they
funneled it through the law firm so no
throw over him and the president repaid
it well Giuliani's defense of michael
cohen involved of course says talk of
cohen turning against the president grew
louder imagine if that came out on
october 15th 2016 so he didn't even ask
Cohen did Cohen made it go away he did
his job Michael Cohen I think would tell
you he's got nothing incriminating with
the president and really they should
stop going after their torturing the guy
I don't see how he has any credibility
in it this is basically he had a trial
and there won't be a trial here but if
he had a trial you'd say well why do you
want to pick there's nobody that I know
that knows him that hasn't warned me
that if he's back is up against the wall
he'll I like crazy because he's alive
all his life well Rudy's defense of the
president also shifted from first saying
that there was no collusion to arguing
that collusion isn't a crime this
started as collusion with the Russians
no right now they go to obstruction of
justice collusion among the players and
what they really trying to do is trap
them in approaches right so let's talk
about home win are suckers the whole
investigation is totally legitimate he
believes that if he gets the chance to
explain it people will understand no
collusion with the Russians no
obstruction of justice they have to just
come to grips with the fact they are
investigating an innocent man
and you can do that forever of course
you haven't find any evidence and so
somebody's got to put an end to this he
did not collude there is no evidence he
colluded but in the alternative
collision is not a crime and when you
tell me that you
No he should testify because she's going
to tell the truth that he shouldn't
worry well that's so silly because it's
somebody's version of the truth not the
truth he didn't have a a conversation
this truth I don't mean to go like I
know it isn't truth truth isn't truth
everybody with our panel Jonathan you
know I hate to say this but I think he
gives criminal law a bad name I think I
could think of the worst criminal lords
that will say anything on the fence of a
guilty defendant anything and this guy
is proven he can outdo any of them well
curse I mean I think we should stop
concerning Rudy Giuliani as a lawyer for
purposes of defending Donald Trump or
really any other purposes this is not
somebody this is somebody who has done
as much to make the case that Donald
Trump could be implicated in crimes as
he has to take away from it he goes on
and says this isn't you know this isn't
campaign money well that's not actually
good for Donald Trump's case here Rudy
Giuliani has you know done the job he's
been asked to much like many other Trump
aids have which is to go out say things
for the president that are not true
absurd
on you know things that can be disproven
immediately and sometimes things that
evolve and can later be disproven we've
seen you know between the president and
Giuliani and all the other president
people who have represented the
president the story about the hush money
payments just changed from there there
were no hush money famous the president
didn't know about the hush money
payments he didn't know about them till
later on all of a sudden he knows about
it before him I mean it is basically a
distraction a PR distraction from what's
actually going on here which is that
there's serious legal jeopardy for a lot
of people around the president of the
United States we don't know whether or
not the president can be indicted we may
find out well and I I mean I think Rudy
is intentionally making this a
distraction of public relations campaign
because he believes that this is not
going to be a criminal case this is
going to be about impeachment and so if
he can't afford truth is in truth right
and muddy the waters if he can muddy the
waters if he can confuse people at home
who don't follow this all the time if he
can create confusion create a shadow of
a doubt and solidified Trump's base and
give them talking points to help defend
the president that's his job that's what
he is here to do and you can say a lot
of things out Rudy Giuliani but through
his career he has
on how to manipulate the media how to
manipulate public perception how to set
a public relations trap for people so
the people know and say don't count him
out on that count on managing a public
relationship does this mean the the
prosecution here mower is going to need
a tape like they needed to Jaworski t to
the tape against Nixon because I get the
sense that if you can say truth isn't
truth you and you're really arguing is
if you're willing to believe my side of
the argument I'll say anything they're
gonna need a lot more evidence than what
we know of now and that's probably why
they're taking as long as they need to
take you you can't you unless you get a
direct email that say Trump for sure or
we can prove he knew about the meeting
unless you can get some direct
commentary from the President or an
email that confirms it yeah that's what
mothers gonna need but but I think that
the problem sort of politically that you
hear from Giuliano a lot of these people
that sort of argument well it first it
was collusion collusion saw the crime
it's like in the fugitive if he's like I
didn't kill my wife but if I did it was
an accident that doesn't work right you
would still end up going to jail you
would still end up committing everybody
did your wife well of course that's the
critical thing we don't know if it's
what our man yes Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
