tonight we have a special edition of the
beat on Labor Day exploring how Donald
Trump is yes one of the most unpopular
first term presidents ever and yet the
paradox he is everywhere dividing and
sweeping across culture in America
feuding publicly with cultural figures
and celebrities ranging from Alec
Baldwin to Chrissy Teigen of course
going after athletes and NFL players for
their protests of police brutality
during the national anthem Trump has
criticized many musicians who have their
own followings and political leadership
styles from Madonna to jay-z and they
have of course returned fire and then
there's the feuds with the late night
comics who have Trump as a nightly
punchline in fact look at this a George
Mason study found jokes targeting Trump
eclipses most other presidents over a
thousand in his first hundred days alone
now tonight we are joined by our expert
panel including some funny people and
we're going to discuss what is happening
to our culture in this age of Trump now
he has hit back on cultural and
celebrity figures and ways unlike any
other US president we don't need jay-z
or Beyonce we don't need Lady Gaga just
friends just friends and it's a good man
and I want to just pray for Arnold if we
can for those ratings okay even look at
Rosa and I called her yesterday look at
her ratings the women's March this
weekend and you hear Madonna honestly
she's disgusting wouldn't you love to
see one of these NFL owners when
somebody disrespects our flag to say get
that son of a bitch off the field right
now it's a cultural conversation but it
is at times as you see they're deadly
serious and to be clear other presidents
have also taken heat from prominent
icons but Trump's negative approach the
insulting the demeaning the obsessing
over famous people has boomeranged on
him and drawn some tough rebuttals
instead of talking Puerto Rico with gun
reform for Nevada
while these horrible tragedies in these
border would rather cause a Twitter
storm with the practice is now using
sports as the platform to try to divide
us if your baby is going to die and it
doesn't have to it
matter how much money you make that I
think that's something now whether
you're a Republican or Democrat or
something else we all agree on that
right I mean we do it the powerful use
their position to bully others we all
lose he's despicable and because we
think politics is broader than just
politicians here on the beat we've
featured some of our own responses from
cultural figures these are my anti-trump
depression glasses any dude that has a
comb-over like that lies to itself all
the time he wants to be popular he wants
to be a celebrity come November we're
gonna save democracy or we're gonna lose
it that is the the whole thing if we
save democracy and we turn the house
he's gone
this is them rooting for the Joker
against their own interests no one being
above the law it's like a foundational
principle for us America knew Donald
Trump as a reality show before the
reality show of his presidency blending
celebrity icons and having people like
Kim Kanye and Omarosa frame his national
discourse this notoriety of course
extends beyond America's borders to even
a russian pop star writing a hit song
about Trump's controversial ties to that
country during the election that itself
has become though not culture but law as
it is under investigation right now in
the federal probe the United States has
embraced a kind of far-fetched
hyper-reality presidency today and that
is a problem or a solution depending on
your point of view let's get right into
it
with my panel Nancy Giles is an Emmy
award-winning commentator and host the
jaws files podcast on iTunes also she's
a huge star in Instagram when she
doesn't know her own Instagram handle
we'll get to that we have to go there
Danielle Belton is editor-in-chief for
the route Andalusia Menendez
contributing editor and bustle and a
experienced Politico in her own right
Nancy you look at that setup it is
different than other presidencies and in
many ways it's the culture struggling to
deal with a man who people didn't think
would be a legitimate president in the
first place that's true it is really
weird because we're looking at someone
who has crafted his whole life around
being in the news and being a celebrity
it's clear that he loves that he lives
for that and he wants that attention in
any way shape or form and what's funny
is I've been thinking about this does he
even care whether it's negative
attention I think he does he always
wants it to be positive but I think his
ego is so huge that even if people are
saying bad things about him that's okay
too but the other side of it that I find
so fascinating with Trump is he is so
thin-skinned if it's not if it's not
praised if he's not being you know and
light and what am I trying to say is
that praise if it's not something good
if it's not something that flatters him
he can't handle it right and that's all
emotion you totally use a great point
which is there's an actual functionality
to this with him which is as long as
there is Trump and a celebrity that's
gonna always lead SEO searches it's
gonna lead the Knicks right so then
you're talking about Trump and
celebrities instead of talking about the
child separation policy but that cuts
both ways right because I think
celebrities have been incredibly smart
about the ways that they're now
utilizing their platforms for political
messages so I would use someone like do
you know Jenna Ortega she was on Jane
the Virgin she's a Disney star she just
shows up at the Radio Disney Music
Awards in a jacket that says I really
care and you should have 18 year old
Disney star who's making a political
message in a space that has typically
been very able and totally taking
something that Melania in her way took
and reframing it into a really smart
positive message yeah cool I mean
fundamentally he's just a really sad
bully like it all goes back to high
school where people always assume it's
the popular kids that start these fights
like often it's people who feel like
they don't fit in they have this
outsized ego they feel like they should
be in the spotlight they should be the
star they should be getting all this
attention and he's the price of the
United States and he you know didn't win
the popular vote he's technically the
biggest celebrity you know in the u.s.
right now and yet other celebrities who
were just as big or bigger than he is
the basement stature won't had anything
to do with him that her I mean the idea
that you can you get to be President
you're supposed to get to be friends
with jay-z and Beyonce
I know oh you know that's so true and in
that little phrase read that little clip
that you showed already where he's like
you know who needs jay-z who needs
he's definitely feel so bad that they
like don't like him it does it goes back
to high school and who likes you and who
don't like you well and someone who
knows him him very well Howard Stern who
has had done his own evolution in the
celebrity space talks about that that
Donald Trump let's not forget we're
sitting around a table here in a
newsroom Donald Trump has more media
experience than most of us and most of
the reporters on his campaign he spent
most of the 90s and the 2000s as a full
time media employee yes right who isn't
what he does is its Network I might and
yes full disclosure if you didn't know
The Apprentice did air on NBC but but be
that as it may
here's how a certain explaining as you
put it the the void he's trying to fill
who he loves Hollywood first of all he
loves the press he lives for it he loves
people in Hollywood he only wants to
hobnob with them and all of this hatred
stuff directed toward him it's not good
for him
it's not good what's interesting about
that is there many critics of Trump
Stern says he voted for Clinton he's not
coming from Political Agreement when he
says he's not good for him he's speaking
of someone who knows Donald Trump and
and basically says this is an act he
actually is media wants to be media
wants to be celebrity and is crushed
that at the putative apex of his life
and career winning the presidency he is
more despised by those people that he
covets than any other brand is history
it's true and it's this horrible it's
this horrible chasm that can't ever be
filled because the thing that he loves
the fact that these people that he
admires don't like him he can't he's
he's now likable guy he's kind of a
decent life you find him I didn't know
that you find him unlikely yeah he's
kind of horrible Ari he's kind of
horrible he's and and going back to the
point that you made what happens with
all of this talk about the celebrity
mean anyway I feel like are we part of
the problem were part of the solution
because here we are still talking about
Trump which I'm sure he loves but his
policies are despicable his policies
that are hurting
actual people immigrants and families
and uh you know people that aren't in
his in his I'm blanking because I get so
angry please something about the fact
that when you talk to people in
communities of color they will say we've
always been living through these times
so when you say like these political
times like welcome to the party yeah it
does mean that there's been an
activation that's even beyond Trump like
it's hard to imagine a few years ago and
Hathaway using her Instagram account to
talk about someone like Neil Wilson and
the sanctity of black lives and a call
to action for white people to pay
attention to racial justice so some of
the most interesting commentary is not
even around Trump himself but around the
cultural moment that would look so so
that's so interesting because that's
part of what we want to delve into in
this show is is to take Nancy's warning
not just echoing the person in the White
House but looking at the way that
culture through the civil rights
movement through music through obviously
movies and other iconography that
affects people has this shaping there's
a cynical version of it which Roger
stone a longtime Trump adviser talked
about which is they thought that they
could use the myth and the trickery of
Donald Trump as a character to confuse
voters and stone was quite candid about
that take a look here's the fundamental
question is the pop culture in this
country more influential now that it's
institutions 15 seasons of The
Apprentice not only makes him a smooth
television performer but think of the
way he looked in that show high back
chair perfectly lit great makeup great
hair decisive making decisions running
the show he looks presidential do you
think voters non sophisticates make a
difference between entertainment and
politics only see the hanging question
there is Roger stone suggesting voters
don't know the difference and yet what
we're living through now is potentially
a moment going into the midterms where
the culture and people who aren't
involved in day-to-day politics are
actually leaning into that power to try
to grab a hold of voters and saying
American democracy as many of them have
argued is on the line you know I don't
know if it's fair to frame it in terms
of what voters value or what voters care
about but there is the reality
name ID matters right when you show up
how known are you how much courious are
you that matters and so celebrity will
always have an advantage and to your
point now the question is given that
reality how do you leverage that for
good right and you you're making the
point of name ID matters it's what LEC
Keys said when she said you don't know
my name and how can you get the guy at
the coffee shop to like you if he
doesn't even know your name well I mean
everyone knows Trump's name I mean
before he became president I mean he was
so much part of the lexicon I mean you
would have like rappers like Lil Wayne
you know dropping lines I'm gonna fire
my blunt like Donald Trump mm-hmm you
know like how do you go from is that
where the if you fire your blunt like
Donald Trump is that where you don't
actually own the majority of the blood
he wasn't talking about a leveraged
buyout that plane what about the blunts
tax returns it's Labor Day how do you go
from being quoted by you know rappers as
the signifier of wealth to being
endorsed by the being this favorite of
white supremacist Wow like he it's like
it's a new type of celebrity that he's
unfamiliar with and like he I'll take
whatever attention he can get right
he'll take whatever attention he gets
out if it's the love of white
supremacist I like you shouldn't even he
could barely like to come across the
denounced David Duke but it's love it
turns out it's like a kind of love yeah
and and going back to the rappers and
the way that they quoted him I mean what
Roger stone said is very important a lot
of it had to do with how Donald Trump
was portrayed yes people believed that
they people not in New York New York now
yeah what made money off of his father's
discriminatory housing he continued to
believe that the Central Park five were
guilty even when not proven but he loves
publicity he crazed the spotlight people
here know that but people were convinced
at this image of this successful
businessman and yet weren't we warned a
long time ago don't believe the hype
well an hour in the end it's like a
jungle sometimes it makes me wonder how
I keep from going under
happy Labor Day Nancy Jones Danielle
Belton and ELISA Menendez
would say only on the beat I think that
might be true I don't know but a great
panel nonetheless hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
