joining me now are MSNBC contributor
Malcolm man's career John Pierre of
moveon.org you meet Alison door of PBS
newshour Jason Johnson of the route comm
and Jill wine banks former assistant
special Watergate prosecutor thank you
all for being here I want to go to you
first you misha john mccain planned
these last several days of his memorial
to the letter and very specifically with
a lot of messages in mind he had to know
that the message he was sending by
asking that gentleman the former
President of the United States Barack
Obama to speak for him and his at his
funeral was sending a resounding and
very sharp message to the current
president the United States who he
pointedly did not invite your thoughts
well the message today was really
American values over power over party
politics this funeral I think was as
much about John McCain as it was about
the future of America and what we want
to be as a country when I think about
the speakers you start with Megan McCain
who talked about the fact that America
has always been great that we that that
her that her father told her that
nothing will break you then you go to
Joe Lieberman who said that John McCain
nurtured American values and that that
was one of the things that stuck with
him then you go to Brock Obama who said
the best way to honor John McCain is to
fight for your country this was really
as a day where people were thinking
about okay we're Democrats or
Republicans but we're really Americans
and what that means is we have to
respect each other we have to be decent
we have to think about what the best
thing is for generations to come
and I think over and over again you
heard that and that was by design John
McCain planning every single detail of
this funeral knew that everybody was
gonna be watching this that this was
gonna be overshadowing anything that
happened today and of course President
Trump he's playing golf he's tweeting
about NAFTA tweeting about Russia
no one's were listening to that right
now because everyone's really enthralled
with the idea that after John McCain
dies we're not sure who's gonna fill
that void yeah we're quite nothing any
tension him and it has to be quite
painful for the current president he's
not getting any attention this morning
Korea John Pierre you know I had Steve
Schmidt on earlier who fought on the
other side of that 2008 campaign from
you and me who are working on the Obama
campaign watching President Obama speak
I think a lot of people in my timeline a
lot of people on my text messages we're
feeling incredibly wistful
it feels like an almost an anachronism
to see a man stand up there who has this
incredible sense of the grandeur of
America the scope of what America means
who can speak to it in such an eloquent
fashion and who did it on behalf of the
man he vanquished for the presidency
John McCain was a war hero genuine bona
fide hero of the precise type that
Americans used to elect as president the
Eisenhower archetype he was kept from
the president by two men George W Bush
and Barack Obama and invited both of
them to speak at his funeral
your thoughts watching you know Barack
Obama who I think made everyone wistful
for that era of a president who couldn't
speak in that manner about us about as a
country and and the passing of a kind of
Senator we don't have any more in John
McCain ya Joey there were really no
empty gestures at all in the last couple
of days and certainly today by John
McCain as you mentioned he really
planned every inch of his funeral once
he learned that when he was diagnosed
with brain cancer and John McCain got
exactly what he wanted a total and
complete rejection of trump and trumpism
that was live broadcast live on uh
national television for all to see what
we saw today was former presidents and
as you mentioned Obama and in Georgia be
Bush speaking today Obama speaking so
eloquently and so pointedly and you saw
senator centered a leadership all of
Washington DC essentially coming
together to reject Donald Trump I think
you would find it hard press anyone
someone would find it hard press to see
a more public a more ceremonial rebuke
of a sitting president I have never seen
anything like this it was incredibly
powerful yeah what we saw today done by
your fellow Navy man Malcom Nance just a
list of pallbearers Joe Biden former
Vice President Vladamir karrimor's a
very pointedly included political
reporting in a McCain's choice of
Russian dissonant as Paul beare was a
final dig at Putin and Trump and McCain
of course was a an avowed enemy of
putinism to the very end
Russ Feingold Phil Gramm I mean just
it's all stars but of a particular type
and era in American politics but that
Vladimir Kara Mirza inclusion what did
you make of that as a pallbearer well it
in in the homily that was made that John
McCain by several of the speakers he
rejected all forms of totalitarianism
while at the same time fighting against
the communist country which imprisoned
him and tortured him horribly and it
should be noted that the government of
Vietnam came out with their own
condolences this week well ahead of
Donald Trump's in order to express their
regret for the man that normalized
relations between the United States and
Vietnam including one of his former
torturers it was very pointed but by
inviting a anti-putin dissident to be
one of his pallbearers one of the last
people who will carry his body on earth
he's making it clear that his belief
that America is a shining beacon as a
nation which stands above all others in
the in the celebration of democracy and
liberty and he is making it very clear
that he is aware of the dark time that
we're in that phrase was used at least
twice today that and that he believes
that America itself is going through a
catharsis and now knowing his death was
coming perhaps this could be a moment
where this presidential level funeral
could bring us together and try to start
the healing but I don't know if it'll
work it's it breaks my heart to even
think about it yeah I mean by the way
the president of Ukraine Petro
poroshenko in attendance as well as the
mayor of Kiev the former prime minister
of Ukraine's a lot of pointed
invitations were included in in this
funeral Jason Johnson the other thing
that you know is notable about the
McCain's is that John McCain actually
did live the the future United States in
a very personal way not only their
daughter that Jonathan D McCain's
daughter
daughter they adopted from Bangladesh
but even his daughter-in-law is an
african-american daughter-in-law that
his son Jack married was also military
that are a military woman herself you
know the fact that he lived this sort of
code of valor and honor and honoring his
father and grandfather's legacy in the
Navy he lived a kind of American story
that was both anachronistic in a lot of
ways but also sort of very vitally
plugged into what America is becoming
yeah I when I look at this when I look
at this funeral and it's very emotional
and I'm I have to say this up front I
know lots of people have feelings about
John McCain the policy person I want to
speak about John McCain the individual
of a father right this is a man who was
a father this is a man who when I've
spoken to people who who've had to work
with him in the Senate he asks you about
your kids he was a kind friendly and
loving person and he is sort of this
bridge from the past today I mean if you
look at it
his old pictures he looked like an
Abercrombie & Fitch model when he was in
the military I mean he was kind of a
living Captain Kirk the day that he was
brought back to the United States 19th
as 1973 March 14 a couple years before I
was born that's actually my birthday I
always thought it was interesting I mean
he he is he has sort of built into the
fabric of America and and I think that's
important I think is just like we saw
some of the greatest generation passed
away as we see Vietnam veterans pass
away as we see people who dedicated
their lives to service pass away it's
important for us to remember that they
represent something good too not
everything in the past was bad not
everything in the past has to be
rejected and repudiated and while he
made mistakes throughout his life some
of which he would never change his mind
about he did represent a kind of
dedication to service not to get rich
not to be famous not to make money but a
dedication to service that everyone can
admire even if they disagree with how he
performs some of that service and that's
that's what I got and looking at this
and I believe his family at one point
was attacked during the 2000 primary by
George Bush and the daughter he has I
think the representative of a man who
could even in his personal life change
as America changed around no absolutely
and speaking of George W Bush and that
campaign was also incredibly peep
forget how nasty that mm primary was
including those those accusations of the
black daughter which were not made by
the Bush campaign but I made by a sort
of allied sort of nasties on that side
but let me let you listen to George W
Bush the 43rd president earlier
eulogizing John McCain his former rival
he was courageous with the Kurds that
frightened his captors and inspired his
countrymen he was honest no matter whom
it offended presidents were not spared
at various points throughout his long
career John confronted policies and
practices that he believed were unworthy
of his country to the face of those in
authority John McCain would insist we
are better than this America is better
than this
John is even the first to tell you was
not a perfect man but he dedicated his
life to national ideals that are as
perfect as men and women have yet
conceived you know you mean she it is
interesting that you know those of who
are of us or on the other side of
Georgia because on everything including
the war in Iraq endure even his presence
sort of represented something that seems
by God the ability to still look back
with some sort of wistfulness to a
leader and to see that person as
president right to the day embody the
office despite the fact they have bitter
differences with them that also seems to
have passed away with this era that John
McCain represented well really it's an
era of decency an era of looking at the
president even if you disagree with him
as someone who can speak eloquently and
who can lay out what the president what
the president and what the American
people think has just shared values this
idea that even if you disagree with
someone even if they're a Democrat and
you're a Republican even if you're a man
and they're a woman there are things
that you can just share and actually
have in common it you don't have to
fight tooth and nail and when you have
disagreements and you can and you and
you talk about people's flogs they don't
have to be kind of cheap shots and
nicknames and yelling at people they
could be this is what I disagreed about
this is maybe a vote that I didn't
appreciate but overall this is a good
person what we're seeing now I think is
essentially a president that is doing
that and Jill wine banks we have been at
this stage in American history many
times before incredible divisive
the president at times leading that
device in asar causing it the Nixon era
was obviously one of them your thoughts
as he watched this service for John
McCain this front row full of power
incredible power men who embodied the
presidencies a woman and also Al Gore
former vice president who aspired to the
presidency and the absence of one one
leader in that on that front row the
current president United States your
thoughts well to me John McCain
represents character and values and
civil discourse in a bipartisan world
that we have seemingly lost and that I
hope that this reminder in this very
touching parade of wonderful speakers
eulogizing him will remind us we could
have back again John McCain I'm in
Telluride now for the premiere of a
movie about Watergate and John McCain is
one of the people in the movie and his
humor and his decency are certainly
portrayed there as they were in all the
comments that were made about him today
and I really just hope that the process
that Watergate allowed to go forward can
go forward in a bipartisan civil way
that would honor John McCain's memory
and as we as we finish today can we just
show this moment when the song Danny Boy
was played because it is important to
remember you know that this is this is a
loss for the nation it's a loss of an
era of politics it's so painful for all
of us but this is really a loss for a
family for Cindy McCain for Megan McCain
who has been so emotionally open in the
loss of her dad of these of the children
Jack McCain and the other you know large
family that encompassed two marriages I
believe five children this is their loss
and it's deeply personal for the McCain
family and to watch the nee McCain sort
of put her head on her son's shoulder
when that song was played it was it was
heartbreaking and so I think that we
have to remember that as sad as we all
are as wistful for all of these bygone
eras this really is a loss for the
McCain family first and foremost
Malcom Nance Kareem jean-pierre you
Michel sindoor Jason Johnson Jill wine
banks thank you all very much for
sticking around with us today thank you
and that is our show for today I'll see
you guys tomorrow 10:00 a.m. Eastern for
am joy in the meantime stick with MSNBC
for all of the latest news
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
