big-picture Umesh you've got Trump Obama
Biden on the campaign trail how unusual
is this you got former president former
vice president but less than two years
into his coming into office calling out
the incumbent by name we presume well
it's of course very unusual for one
president to attack another president
but what we know is of course that
President Trump is someone who's
completely unprecedented who has changed
all the rules and all the norms of the
presidency and as a result you have
Barack Obama and the Democrats trying
their hardest to win these midterms
because they understand the Democrats
need to win these midterms if they're
gonna be relevant if they're gonna start
talking about what they did for the 2020
election there are so many people that I
talk to you on the campaign trail in the
last week or so that talked about that
they talk about if you're a Republican
the main motivating factor is the
economy and it's President Trump there
are so many people who don't even know
the the policy points of the Republican
running in their district
all they can say is well that person's
did a support President Trump and then
for Democrats it's all about Kavanagh
still because there are some people that
are very so upset that dr. Ford and
Cavanaugh ended up in that sort of
situation with those dueling hearings
and then also there's this idea that we
want to try a check on President Trump
when you talk to Democrats so I think
it's still all about Trump and all about
people really trying to sell the
personality of the Democratic Party yeah
what is that personality who is that
person I guess Democratic Senator Ron
Wyden was just on KCDC last night at
talking about the future of the
Democratic Party I want you to take a
listen who do you think right now is the
leader of the Democratic Party well
Casey my wife kids me that I may be
perhaps the only person in the Senate
not running for president we've been
talking about health care they're gonna
want to know for example on you you're
gonna hear lots of lots of names well I
think he's right about that Josh you're
gonna hear lots of names I guess the
question is does that matter does it
matter some people maybe think it's
still Obama think it's Biden if they
have a focus message on health care is
that what they really need I don't think
you need a party leader for the midterm
election I think we'll see what that
means for the 2020 primary field and
having you know 55 candidates on a
debate stage and what that's like
but I think for Democrats they want to
make this election a referendum on
Donald Trump and they want to make this
election a referendum on the very
unpopular health care law that
Republicans tried to pass you're seeing
this weird trend in the polls where the
the president's approval rating has
gotten to one of its highest points
during it during his term but the
approval rating is better with the
registered voters than with the likely
voters now normally in a midterm
election when you apply that likely
voter screen it's actually better for
Republicans Republicans traditionally
have better turnout the midterms
they rely historically on this base of
upper income suburban voters who are
very reliable voters but a lot of those
voters that's exactly who's been falling
away from the Republican Party and in
the trump era so you're actually seeing
this unusual phenomenon where when you
look at who's actually going to turn out
and vote Democrats do a little better
that's a group of people who are a
little less lucky here being a little
right and I mean and you do have
president Trump at a point when he is
going out there and saying vote for me
essentially I'm not on the ballot but
vote for whoever the Republican is fill
in the blank vote for me in Florida the
candidates for governor they're Mike
Weir asked if he's a good role model I
want to play what they said I don't
actually read the art of the deal to my
son Mason he said he's a great kid he
smiles in anything but that's not
necessarily his cup of tea so here's
what I know you know I was very
passionate about moving our American
Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem
Donald Trump promised it and he followed
through with it and so to me when you
give your word and you follow through
with it as an elected official that is
the model that we're supposed to do some
interviews by the question the question
was whether or not whether or not he
thinks President Trump is a good role
model for the children of Florida that's
what I thought originally I got confused
so no he's not Donald Trump is Donald
Trump is weak he can say Donald Trump is
weak and people who are in his party
could go on and on and on about the
problems for Donald Trump the point of
fact is we talked for a long time about
his base being in the 30s his approval
rating is now up into well into the 40s
he's where President Obama was at the
same point what's going on Mike let's
debate moments gilliam one that won and
who won the debate
it's just pretty clear I want to have to
see a good role model you can't answer
that yes so you have to when you go out
on the campaign trail and talk to people
they will tell you Republicans
independents yeah I don't like that he's
on Twitter too much I don't like some of
the things he says but he's doing what
he said he would do right well as you
said the base and it's tautological that
your base will like you that's what
makes them the base so in terms of
expanding the electorate and in the
midterms it's a it's a little more
fine-grain than in the general election
people don't naturally come out to vote
but in terms of expanding the electorate
I think he has a large Hill or all the
Republicans have a large hill to climb
in front of them and that Hill is named
Donald Trump I know the last polls show
that he's more popular than he's been
recently don't show that he's popular I
think and we've referred to these polls
three or four times people might come
away with the impression
oh he's now more popular than unpopular
he's still about as popular as Barack
Obama Bill Brighton was right but the
point is in 2014
Barack Obama they kept him out of all
these states when Barack Obama was that
popular if the conventional wisdom was
you cannot go to Kentucky you can't
campaign for these people you're so
unpopular
maybe that argues for the Republicans
that they feel that they have got a guy
in the White House who's gonna motivate
their people to get to the polls I think
what it is is that poll that shows the
shows Trump at 47% of approval only 30%
say they strongly approve you have this
very large number of voters who are
saying that they approve of the
president they have reservations about
that they're concerned that those people
are not going to show up at all to vote
and so he has to go out to try to
motivate those people when he says vote
for me even though I'm not on the ballot
it's because he has to convince them
whatever it was that that drew them out
in 2016 to come out and do that again
the problem is that when he goes out and
appears he also energizes the people on
the other side and he's not actually on
the ballot and Hillary Clinton isn't on
the ballot and that was one of the main
things that pushed out a lot of those
Republicans who approve of the president
but not strongly they hated Hillary
Clinton they were gonna vote for anybody
else
Hillary is even less on the ballot this
year than well you mean she's been out
on the campaign trail most trees weren't
you just in West Virginia I'm
Democrats thought they were going to
have this big enthusiasm advantage it
has shrunk now what do you make of what
you see when you're out there is it any
different than what we're seeing in this
poll well I'll say this I think what's
different when we go back to the idea of
whether or not Republicans want to see
President Trump as a role model I got
into several confrontations with
Republican women when I started asking
them about President Trump calling
people the horseface at President Trump
saying that there were both sides but
there were good people on both sides
during the the race riot and the Nazi
riot in Virginia whether or not they
thought making fun of Joe making fun of
John McCain was appropriate every single
time I asked questions Republicans got
very angry or very confrontational both
in California and West Virginia but it's
because they don't want to defend those
things because they say you know what we
don't want to talk about that we know
that it's wrong we know that he
shouldn't be doing that but the economy
is going well so we're gonna keep
sticking with Donald Trump we knew who
we elected we knew who he was when he
was in 2016 Thanks he's winning on the
economy and this poll indicates he is
why is he proposing this tax cut
I think he's proposing this tax cuts
mainly for what the same reason why just
said it's because he wants people
talking about the economy he wants
people thinking about what the next two
years of a Donald Trump lead lead policy
strategy could be and as a result people
are thinking well if the house flips
that mean he's not gonna get that tax
cut in so I need to do that but
Democrats I have to tell you they also
are very very fired up and it is about
health care for them
there are even talk to a Republican
who's voting for a Democrat who said my
children don't have health care I don't
have health care because I can't afford
it so I'm just gonna vote for the
Democrat in this race even though I'm a
Republican so the health care is a huge
motivating factor for people we've only
got about 30 seconds left but if the the
enthusiasm is as high as it would seem
to be and I'm talking about on both
sides does that lead a necessarily to
huge turnout and if so who does that
favor I think it's unclear I mean
normally you would say that higher
turnout is better for Democrats in a
midterm election but I think that
conventional wisdom is a little bit
turned on its head because the
enthusiasm have been so high for
Democrats and because Democrats are
doing better with those higher income
suburban voters who have some of the
highest voting propensity in the country
so I think it's unclear but I think it
depends where you are in these rural
districts where Trump turned out a lot
of usual non voters in 2016
high turnout is is good for him I think
for Democrats that might be different in
more diverse districts where they're
hoping to get more Hispanic and Asian
Tour nothing like I think that Donald
Trump proposed a tax cut because there's
never been any consequence to him saying
something that he wishes were true but
necessarily isn't necessarily so that's
it I mean that's what the election in
American politics are Donald Trump says
things they're untethered to facts and
then people vote on their gut
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
