John understood as JFK understood as
Ronald Reagan understood the part of
what makes our country great is that our
membership is based not on our bloodline
not on what we look like what our last
name SAR it's not based on where our
parents or grandparents came from or how
recently they arrived but on adherence
to a common creed that all of us are
created equal
good morning and welcome to a special
edition of am joy just moments ago we
saw the conclusion of the last and
grandest of several memorial services
held this week that I think an
authentically be described as fit for a
president those events honoring the life
and marking the passing of war hero in
longtime Arizona Senator John McCain
world leaders lawmakers and close
friends and family played pay tribute to
the senator at a funeral service that
just concluded at Washington's National
Cathedral and among those who eulogize
the senator were the two men who stood
between McCain and the nation's highest
office former presidents Barack Obama
and George W Bush whose presence was
specifically requested by McCain himself
before he died also notable was the man
who was not there
also at McCain's request the current
President of the United States Donald
Trump the final rebuke from McCain who
orchestrated his exit from this life
with precision and with a series of
pointed messages calling on the nation
he served for his entire adult life to
reject the divisive 'no stative ism in
the false populism of the current
occupant of the White House
joining me now Steve Schmidt senior
adviser to John McCain's 2008
presidential campaign and Chris Matthews
host of hardball and MSNBC thank you
gentlemen for staying you know I have to
say as I was watching this funeral Steve
it felt like more than just the passing
of a man or of a senator but really the
passing away of an archetype you know
presidents of opposite parties who were
welcomed into the National Cathedral to
eulogize a senator who would invite them
who wanted presidents of both parties
fuels Eisen
that political archetype sadly feels
like that passed away as well it did we
will not see the likes of John McCain
again in our lifetimes there will never
be another political leader quite like
John McCain but the things that he stood
for the virtues that he represented his
valor his love his kindness his service
his ability to forgive he was famous for
his temper in feuds but also for his
reconciliations this is a man who was
tortured for years in the most cruel and
inhumane way who was the person the
architect of the reconciliation between
the United States and Vietnam and is
revered as a hero in Vietnam because of
that reconciliation that the peoples of
our countries these generations might
exist together in in peace it is an
extraordinary life that that that's come
to an end and he has laid out for us a
fundamental choice that everybody should
reflect on and there was an inherent
political meaning in this funeral and it
was a fundamental rebuke to the vileness
the corruption the self-centeredness the
selfishness the cruelty that we see
emanate from the Oval Office in the form
of President Donald J Trump every day
and what the country has is a choice
it's sometimes when we talk about
politics and moments like this we think
that the discussion of politics itself
is somehow not appropriate to the moment
this was a man in the arena this was a
man in the fight he believed things and
he gave great sacrifice in service of
those things that he believed and the
choice that the country faces in a
couple of months about whether to
repudiate trumpism or to validate it is
an essential one and you saw today the
argument being made
for its repudiation from george w bush
from Barack Obama and from Meghan McCain
the things that John McCain believed in
are worth defending or worth debating
and are worth fighting for
yeah you know it Chris I feel like the
presidency itself in the United States
has gone through all of these different
archetypal forms and one of the most
classic was the heroic archetype right
you had eisenhower you had Teddy
Roosevelt who John McCain so admired
that Americans look to that type of man
to be president they've all been men so
they looked at that type of man to be
President of the United States there's
been the orator archetype somebody
inspiring the Barack Obama type you've
had the person that is more relatable
the the Bill Clinton we now are in this
sort of era where I feel we're almost
unmoored there is no archetype that
describes what we have now John McCain
it does feel like you know that hero
archetype really has kind of gone away
and it really does I don't know if you
feel that way if you feel unmoored in a
way this morning well we were pretty
well moored in the beginning because
George Washington walked away from it
after two terms he walked away after
being commander-in-chief and to the
point where George the third when he
heard he was going to leave and go back
to his farm he said he'll be the
greatest man in the world we had a very
good foundation you know what I thought
watching today and covering this for two
hours I thought of perhaps the black
church which you know so well the
churches which have operated underground
like in Eastern Europe and I went to one
in Eastern Europe Easter German East
Germany before the wall came down and
it's a religious service that has a
political message as well a statement
and a statement of a region of
resistance of defiance and except for
when Meghan Meghan McCain just burst out
with it and said what she felt about the
whole day and the whole thing going on
now in our country politically that the
wrestler was a submerged defiance in a
religious form of a political statement
every moment of today was a statement by
John McCain he wanted us to know what he
thought about our republic right now and
I do feel I think
he said this a moment ago that he is a
bit anachronistic and that's our tragedy
that someone like him who is
unpredictable mischievous in many ways
is able to say what he wants to say when
he wants to say it in a profile of
courage he's not artificial intelligence
like so many politicians are today
predictably coded for certain responses
emotionally and even what they say to us
on television joy I sometimes think that
they're programmed without any
spontaneity well I dealt with John
McCain not like Steve because he was
this owl I was on the other side often
times and arguments and I felt a human
being up against me with all kinds of
attitude of real human life behind him
it was real and he was real and I think
today was sort of a reminder of what
we've been in the past and that Greatest
Generation Tom Brokaw wrote about not so
much recently it's hard to find another
John McCain in the Senate for example
right now man or woman Democrat a
Republican progressive or a right winger
I don't see it a lot of evidence of
profiles and courage right now all round
your thoughts I and I agree and I think
that you know it seems in a lot of ways
that John McCain stood for one of the
many principles that politics is in the
end just politics right you know
President Obama in his eulogy of him
talked about the fact that they were
able to come together around shared
principles that they both fundamentally
believed I mean you and I fought on the
opposite sides that 2008 campaign for
the first one when I've met you the idea
was just we fought a political Kim we
were on opposite sides a political
campaign their fundamental beliefs that
all Americans believe in that sense is
also passing away it is maybe the
biggest tragedy of not having a senator
of that grandeur still around to sort of
help us navigate this era is that no one
is making that argument anymore that
politics is just politics but there are
fundamentals all of the people who
eulogize John McCain made that point
they made that case you've made that
case Chris Morales has made that case
that case is not being made in our
politics anymore Barack Obama made a
powerful point when the president stood
up there then he talked about the most
perfect idea ever put to paper by the
mind of man or woman this idea that all
men are created equal and
by their creator with inalienable rights
among them life liberty in the pursuit
of happiness the most powerful idea in
human history is the idea of the United
States of America
an imperfect nation that has never quite
lived up to its founding ideals
imperfect in much the same way that John
McCain was imperfect but he perfectly
loved this country and that ideal and he
served his entire life in service to
that ideal to the idea of America in the
idea of America that was so beautifully
in eloquently laid out by the two former
presidents and by many of the speakers
about many of the people over this week
is what John McCain committed his life
to now the virtues love and heroism and
valor they exist everywhere in this
country right now there are acts of
kindness and love in service being made
by ordinary Americans but those virtues
are absent generally in our political
class in service in Washington DC right
now in this country this government of
the people by the people for the people
will have to make a choice about what
type of country do we want to live in do
we want to live in a country of division
and hatred and anger and racism or are
we able to rise above it dr. King talked
about the fact that the moral arc of the
universe is long but it bends towards
justice and when we think about this
season of meanness vile cruelty from the
political leadership from the President
of the United States we will move past
this and when we do and we put this
sorry chapter behind us we will need to
have in this country a season of
reconciliation in John McCain's life is
a is a signal to us about how you do
that yeah and I mean the I guess the
question for a lot of people though is
who will lead that because
you saw you know in front of us today
leaders who are no longer in office no
longer you know it sort of with the
bully pulpit to do it except on occasion
like this and so it feels like there
isn't a presence john mccain was sort of
that guy right so who does that now when
when Abraham Lincoln was elected that
the fact was lamented by William
Tecumseh Sherman who essentially said
that we've elected a backwoods barbarian
uneducated the country's doomed
he has no competence for this task and
when Lincoln was assassinated
General Sherman who had last seen him at
City Point with General Grant a week or
so before was asked to reflect on
Lincoln's life the man he had come to
know and he said that he had met all the
great men of the world the
industrialists kings and emperors in
generals but he never met a man who
possessed more of the qualities of
greatness and goodness than Abraham
Lincoln what has always been true about
the country and almost providentially so
is the right leaders have emerged at the
right time
Dwight Eisenhower was a colonel in the
Army who hadn't been promoted in 13
years in 1940 when we look at at this
country amongst us our good and decent
people and there are people who have the
qualities of character that John McCain
exhibited in his life who will rise
amongst us to lead us together to a
better place I can't tell you the answer
but I am confident about this anybody
who despairs about the future of this
country should should know and think
about this for a minute a country that
can produce a man like John McCain he's
going to be okay that's a very hopeful
note I think and you know Chris Matthews
I I think about you know John McCain put
forward his ideals in very pointed
fashion in the way that he designed
these last several days I think about
the the service in Arizona where he had
the Arizona Cardinal an African American
NFL player that's been a point of
contention with the current occupant of
the White House a Latino Democrat who
stood up Joe Biden you know
he made sure that he his values were
clear and clarified for anyone any
question vladimer Kara Mirza who is a
dissident who's been poisoned I believe
twice by the current Kremlin leadership
you know these were very pointed answers
his own diverse family and when you look
at that front row extraordinary front
row in the National Cathedral of former
presidents of the first ladies even the
former vice president it does sort of
beg the question and it sort of does beg
you to sort of comment on the fact that
the one person who wasn't there the
person who was not in that array not
welcome on that front row is the current
President of the United States that
cannot be missed
well you know for a lighter note the
great entertainer Bob Hope when he was
getting near the end he asked his his
kids said we're dead would you like to
be buried and he answered surprise me
John McCain didn't surprise us he gave
us a map for these days and to follow
and he picked out the personnel that
would make them make the points he
wanted to make he brought in people were
anti-war during the war that he suffered
in Vietnam warren beatty the ultimate
along with other people in hollywood
certainly one of the real anti-war
people gary hart who ran that campaign
he wanted their along them alongside
henry kissinger and the other Hawks he
wanted them all together and he wanted
to make that statement about america and
our system of debate and a republican
form of government of people voting
their hearts was more important than the
divisions within us and the intermurals
if you will and i think he wanted to say
that that has to be brought back I think
it was a revival it may have been a
Episcopalian service but it had a
revival aspect to it which is we bring
that we must bring back the spirit and I
thought that maked his daughter
delivered that fully yeah absolutely but
Chris you know I you're there there in
Washington do you do you believe do you
have hoped that the the Senators
particularly in that in that church in
that sanctuary got the message and will
carry it forward I think they're
probably embarrassed they're petrified
of their base the four out of five
we'll go down the line for this
president have almost superimposed
themselves between the the Senate and
the United States government they're
afraid to govern they believe that the
plebiscite that's going on in every poll
has to be the governing force in the
country because they're all petrified of
being defeated in the next primary this
is a fact it is a fact every Tuesday we
see this the next chance for president
the president estates is able to dictate
the victor it's powerful stuff you're
asking people to put their careers on
the line
we'll see if they do I think there is a
lot of a lot of people rooting for the
old Republican Party right now though
it's I find it ironic a lot of
progressives would like to see a
two-party system again where both sides
made sense yeah it was quoted President
Obama quoted from Hemingway on the
favorite quote that megan mccain
referred to in john mccain's favorite
book today is the only day in all the
days that will ever be but what will
happen in all the other days that ever
come can depend on what you do today the
question of what are you willing to do
today and you know Steve and Chris it
begs the question whether or not those
senators hearing those words would
rather follow the spirit of the masses
of their party or follow the spirit of
John McCain it's a choice that was put
before them today by McCain himself and
by his family I mean the question is
whether or not they listen to that duty
honor country his words have meaning
that's what his code was that's what he
lived his life by and the choice before
us is a real one the path that the
country is on the regression of
democracy around the world the assault
constantly by this president against
objective truth fact our institutions
that john mccain worked his entire life
to strengthen so that the next
generations of americans and he had a
belief that we were all connected
through history through the generations
he said many times that all the honors
all the titles everything that he
addressed as in his life that there was
no greater connection he felt then that
of my fellow Americans we have a choice
there were many people in that audience
today
nodding reflecting on his life who are
on the opposite side of the issues that
he dedicated his life to he would not
shy away from this moment in American
life because a big fight is upon us we
have a fundamental choice I think that
he would believe that this next midterm
election is probably the most important
in all the history of the country he had
a great sense of the hit country's
history he was as well read a person as
you'll ever meet not just nonfiction in
history but literature and he understood
I believe contextually this moment in
time in the virtues that define a nation
are being tested they're up for vote
right now are we a mean people or are we
a good people are we a cruel people or
are we a decent people are we a vile
people or are we a moral people and I
think that there are more people who
subscribe to the virtues and honor them
that John McCain lived his life by than
those people on the other side but make
no mistake there are people on the other
side of the issues and the virtues that
define this man's life yeah Chris I'm
gonna give you the last word in this
segment the u2 or the gentleman that I
wanted to speak with the most really
about this moment in our history and
Chris I'm gonna give you the last word
on what you think this day means and
what its resonance is after after today
well I'm older than the rest of you and
I've spent my life covering politics
because of romance I look up to it I
love the debate I love the United States
Senate I love the heroes that stand out
the ones that risk everything the
profile is encouraged I look to them as
heroes of Barack Obama among them
certainly today he proved it again his
greatness and I and I won
where that and to be part of this today
was a personal honor for me I've looked
forward to this ever since I got this
assignment this morning I've covered
things like the opening of the
Brandenburg Gate and the first election
in South Africa where everyone could
vote and the funeral of Pope John the
second John Paul the second and this
one's up there with that and with that
though the Good Friday Accords over
Northern Ireland this is one of those
moments I think we're going to remember
beyond the loss of John McCain as the
memory of John McCain and I think as I
said it was it's it's it's honorable to
be right here now with you and I really
think it's I'm sharing that honor person
with people like Hallie Jackson of
course in Casey hunt and the rest of us
and rich angle all of us who were on
today from NBC and NBCSN BC I think we
all feel about this moment very much the
same and you too Joey
indeed cheers my friend thank you very
much Chris Matthews Steve Schmidt thank
you so much thank you truth your honor
to sit here with you through this thank
you and up next more of our special
coverage of John McCain's funeral we're
right back
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
