we're having the arrival prayer at the
National Cathedral delivered by Marion
buddy who's the Bishop of Washington
let's bring in Jon Meacham as a wealth
of knowledge about the liturgy coming up
the Episcopalian liturgy which it'll be
sprinkled and of course with like a
Jesuit giving the homily but mainly it
tell us about the kid is this broad
Church Episcopalian ISM how would you
describe the service coming out John
this is broad Church it's it will feel
very high church because of the setting
but the one of the remarkable gifts of
Anglicanism from the 16th century
forward has been the theological idea
and it's manifested in the service that
we are all God's children and so this is
what would what will happen to me
someday what will happen to any any soul
who is buried in the church is received
by the ordained priest
we're acknowledge that it's dust to dust
that we come from dust and to dust we
shall return and it's an appreciation of
the great gifts of the individual but
also this is the church universal and
the prayers you will hear will have
special residence but they were they
will also be repeated endless times
countless times around the world it will
have from my experience tell us we'll
have an Elizabethan feel to it in the
rhythms of the music er how would you
describe what's going to be home it will
the most most the language from the
prayer book The Book of Common Prayer
which is one of the great achievements
with Shakespeare with Milton there it
shaped the language for centuries it
will feel a little old-fashioned but
that's the church that Senator McCain
grew up in remember he went to boarding
school at Episcopal High School in
Alexandria Virginia
he as a prisoner in Hanoi he was the
chaplain of his cellblock and would
repeat liturgy he remembered from the
old the old boarding school days the
first hymn we will hear is one that will
be familiar to most Americans with the
mayority with history which is the Navy
him eternal father strong to save it's a
Victorian him both adopted by the Royal
Navy and by the United States Navy
it's where the phrase Restless wave came
from which Senator McCain used as the
title of the last book it was sung by
Winston Churchill and Franklin Roosevelt
in August of 1941 when they were meeting
secretly at sea to plan how to defeat
tyranny it was sung at President
Kennedy's services I remember Daniel
Patrick Moynihan remembering that his
central memory of those terrible days in
November was that everyone in Washington
suddenly knew all the words to Eternal
Father strong to save but when you have
the other thing as this unfolds and when
the the Jesuit preacher rises to give
the homily in the pulpit remember that's
called the Canterbury pulpit it's where
Martin Luther King delivered his final
Sunday sermon on the same day that
Lyndon Johnson decided and announced to
leave the 1968 presidential race the
last time dr. King preached to a Sunday
service was in this Cathedral and he
used the central insight that the arc of
a moral universe is long but it bends
toward justice and his voice echoed
through this Cathedral it's also when
I'm thinking about President Bush
sitting there now George W Bush this is
in some ways the moment in the place he
became president
and that the terrible service on after
the attacks on on the Friday service
before he went to ground zero he said we
are in the core of our grief I agree
with you about that John and that was
when he stood with the firefighter and
said well we're gonna get the people to
broke down these buildings let me go let
me go to a man it knows about war and
war fronts that's Richard Angle Richard
thank you because I think one thing we
think about John McCain in these moments
is what it was like with him out in the
front that he'd spent so much time with
the troops he was a warrior among
warriors tell us about your witnessing
that so he was someone who would always
show up in hot spots in war zones often
with very little fanfare he would come
to visit the troops he was a big
supporter of the troops but he also
supported their mission a lot of
politicians say they there they're
patriotic and they support the troops he
was a true believer that the United
States had a moral responsibility to
intervene and if you look like we're was
just what has happened today he left the
the capital that brief stop at the
Vietnam Memorial where he spent so many
years as a as a prisoner of war being
abused and I think that experience left
him allergic to bullies bullies at home
bullies abroad and his his belief was
that the United States as a superpower
needed to use its power to stand up to
bullies and one of the the pallbearers
today is Vladimir Carmona who was a an
opponent of the the Putin regime someone
who was poisoned twice he believes at
the the behest of of Russian
intelligence so someone who believed
that the United States should act and
and that had sometimes mixed
consequences he was a big supporter of
the the US intervention in Libya I
remember seeing him in Lib
yeah he wanted the United States to act
more forcibly in Syria he was a big
advocate of the Iraq war although later
in life he wrote that the Iraq war in
his opinion was mistaken
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
