I'm Chris Matthews and it's my honor and
that of my colleagues to share this day
of national farewell to a historic
American figure I'll be with you
throughout the next steps of this
multi-day memorial this morning's events
are both a religious right and I believe
a statement the list of those invited to
participate today was drawn up by John
McCain himself it's obvious message is
communion between those with whom he was
allied on vital matters of war and peace
and those with whom he differed today
the hawk and the Dove prayed together
for our common faith in our democratic
government and for that John McCain has
indeed earned the tribute you've seen so
far the flag draped coffin lying in
state in his home state of Arizona
escorted every step of the way by men in
uniform the flight across the country
aboard the iconic blue-and-white plane
with a simple United States of America
emblazoned on its side the psalm
gathering of his cogs yesterday in the
rotunda of the US Capitol designed that
cap row in the 19th century to be the
symbolic center of this city fitting by
the way that this man like those who
have come before is today the center of
our focus
they've been many days when the spirit
of our republic has of course fallen
short and today is meant to celebrate
that spirit in its fullness this morning
John McCain will depart the Capitol
stopping along the way for his family to
pay tribute at the Vietnam Veterans
Memorial and to a war of course from
which he and those who opposed it have
never fully turned from their will be
gone to the National Cathedral for his
funeral those who have known John McCain
interviewed him and reported on him over
the years some four decades will be with
him and you every step of the day this
morning we begin our coverage with NBC
News Capitol Hill correspondent Casey
hunt in the East Front Casey it's so
great to be with you this morning on
this I think we're all so proud to be
here Chris absolutely we are proud to be
here and while I didn't have the
privilege of covering Senator John
McCain's presidential campaigns I did
cover him for a decade here at the
Capitol in the United
State Senate and it is not an
overstatement to say that this this
place will simply never be the same
again without him here he was and and so
many people have shared their
remembrances and you know those of us in
the press in particular he loved talking
you know yucking it up with the
reporters in the hallways on his
campaign planes he he really relished
and and believed in the role of the
press in our great democracy and and he
believes in that in that great democracy
as well so he of course had his office
here at the Capitol for many years not
too far from the cameras where we would
all broadcast and we would chase him
around with our microphones in the
basement of the Russell office building
more often than not he would make fun of
you but then always give you a chance to
ask at your question and usually trying
to give an honest answer and the the
choreography of the events that Senator
John McCain laid out from him for
himself is just really stunning when you
think about the symbolism and his the
statement that he is making about the
bigness of the American spirit about all
of the you know values that he held dear
and how they stand in contrast to what
feels many days as we cover it like the
smallness of the current administration
the tyranny of the tweets and John
McCain in his in his final message to
Americans is trying to show all of us
what he believed the greatness of
America could be so in just a few
minutes the family is going to arrive
here at the East front of the Capitol
and you're going to see John McCain's
casket come back down these steps behind
me it started pouring rain yesterday
when we were here as he entered into the
Capitol ahead of that ceremony in the
rotunda and he has been lying in state
ever since there were thousands in line
yesterday members of the public who came
to see him to pay their respects his
casket was draped in the American flag
the wreaths were presented by all four
bipartisan congressional leaders and
that was a break from protocol and
really made its own statement Senator
McCain asked the Democratic leader Chuck
Schumer with whom he was good friends
to join Mitch McConnell typically it
would simply be the leader of the Senate
chamber that would would undertake this
honor so they did it together and then
after that sent the speaker Paul Ryan
actually called and invited Nancy Pelosi
the Democratic leader to join him in
placing the wreath from the House of
Representatives so all four of them were
there making a bipartisan statement
something that quite frankly we have not
seen very much of in this United States
Congress in recent years and John McCain
was really the kind of lion who who
could cross party lines who built
friendships across party lines and who
quite frankly again Chris will be deeply
missed here it's a great friend line
report on the personal relationship I
think reporters like you especially you
were able to have in that give-and-take
of trying to get the information for
people at home anyway Senator McCain is
the 31st person now to lie in the state
in state at the Capitol getting the kind
of send-off reserved for past presidents
of course and public servants of his
stature and join me right now from the
National Cathedral is andrea mitchell
chief foreign affairs correspondent
Andrea my friend and also Jon Meacham
joining us NBC News presidential
historian thank you both each of you
take a moment and talk about can you
explain why this is such a big deal to
our republic this day Andrea well I I
think first of all it is so significant
that John McCain feels like he is the
last of a certain breed of senators if
you will who am I covered in the 80s and
90s when I was on the hill and who
worked together and Joe Biden referenced
that in his tribute in Arizona when he
recalled how they used to sit next to
each other even though they were from
opposite political parties but they
would choose to sit next to each other
when the Senate floor would be active
and they would not be really listening
to debates and so one day back in 1996
as on a Tuesday they would break for
their Tuesday lunches with their
individual caucuses both Joe Biden and
John McCain were individually rebuked by
their party leaders
for being seen sitting in chatting
cozily on the c-span cameras that were
carrying this all live and that it was
not seemly for a Democrat and a
Republican to be chatting so in such
friendship on the Senate floor and that
was the moment that Joe Biden recalled
that he and his fellow senator began to
feel that it was all changing that's the
time in the mid 90s when a lot of the
great men and women whom I remember from
the Senate in those days stepped down
decided not to run again in both
political parties and we lost so much of
that culture and John McCain seems now
so unique and irreplaceable because
there is no one really left in the
Senate who is willing to stand up to
party leaders stand up to a president of
his own party speak out for what he
believes join with Dianne Feinstein to
argue against torture and against what
was called enhanced interrogation
techniques even at great cost to him
because fellow POWs from Hanoi from
those days turned against him he lost
some friends for a while for standing up
to change the laws that were eventually
changed to go up against President Bush
and others in the administration during
the Iraq war so there were so many
moments along the way going with with
Russ Feingold on campaign finance reform
this was a man who reached across party
lines and that is what is so significant
about the tributes today the pallbearers
Democrats as well as Republicans
significant figures and mentors like
Henry Kissinger is speaking and also of
course the two presidents the men who
defeated him and denied him the prize
the political prize that he had always
hoped for in thought and for him to have
made that decision and to reach out to
Barack Obama and George W Bush men whom
he did not always agree with her admire
and whom he fought against politically
is so significant and I think back Chris
most notably the South Carolina primary
in 2000 which is really what ended his
hopes in 2000 after the success in New
Hampshire
and it was a racially bitter and
divisive primary with terrible hate
and in in you endows false accusations
that were so crushing to him and his
family and to his adopted daughter
Bridget later years read back and
discovered on Google what was said about
her father and about herself and so for
him to reach out to the bush people as
well today is also to say let's think
about a better political future for all
of us and it's an implicit rebuke to the
man in the White House so well said I
just want to say we're watching the
family the children of course of John
McCain coming into the Capitol there
John I I think that with it's so
powerful because the fact that the man
who suffered so much in the Vietnam War
is a prisoner of war for those five and
a half years of the so-called Hanoi
Hilton would print invite today warren
beatty that sir the cultural symbol of
the anti-war movement and gary hart who
led the campaign of George McGovern back
in 72 against the Vietnam War and those
two fellows are pallbearers today it's
such a statement and now coming in by
the way John we should hold on for a
second we're gonna watch the casket come
into the US Capitol come out of the
Capitol either
I'm not hearing anything in my earring
yeah
let's bring in Jon Meacham as we watch
the casket bring brought down on the
East front of the Capitol Jon this ugh
you know you never know you and I
watching even history of when things
come you're not ready for how big they
are and I think we're all struck by the
power of this loss it's a sacred hour
for a man who gave his all to preserving
our journey toward a more perfect union
John McCain was an imperfect man who
kept us moving toward higher ground and
today by his conscious design is an
extraordinary embodiment not of the fact
that we should always agree or that
there's some sort of mythical centrism
in the American spirit because there's
not we fought from loyalists versus
revolutionaries through Federalists and
anti-federalists through north and south
through interventionist and isolationist
we have fought and fought and fought but
at our best and John McCain understood
this we had to be one great family one
of the statues that Senator McCain spent
last night under under the gaze of was
Andrew Jackson who said and believe me
these two Andrew Jackson and John McCain
had a good bit in common including a
temper but Jackson said we were one
great family another statue in the
Rotunda was Gerald Ford who put us back
together after a divisive incredibly
divisive crisis another was Dwight
Eisenhower who led us to victory in war
and governed us in peace
another was Ronald Reagan who
represented like McCain was someone who
went west and found joy and brought that
joy back to the country itself so it's
it's it's a sacred hour it's a journey
that will move from that rotunda up to
the Cathedral and where when he when the
coffin is taken out of that he will be
brought on the ground that Theodore
Roosevelt broke ground here at the
National Cathedral to build this
monument to both faith and to unity and
on that day when Theodore Roosevelt the
hero of McCain's broke ground he read
from the general epistle of st. James
saying the doers of the word and not
hearers only it's very hard to imagine
any other American of our time or of any
other time who was as much a doer of the
word as John McCain was Steve Schmidt I
want to bring you in here but I want to
pay attention of course to the family
here that Megan is crying and the we
don't have Steve yet but look at the
family here this is a human being of a
yummy shhhhh I want to bring you in
another young person here you know
because we've watched John McCain over
the years at different stages the way he
was destroyed politically down in South
Carolina when he ran for president mm of
course losing to Oh Jordan historic
figure like Barack Obama in 2008 we've
all been through these chapters ameesha
let me go to Michael skip let me go to
Michael Steele he's here with us Michael
your thoughts cuz you've been in
politics - well this period of time as a
moderate Republican and you've seen this
guy take the turmoil into soccer and pay
the price of being in politics he did
and and what's interesting about the the
parallels between his life as a sailor
and soldier and and someone who you know
has been in high
way in in a camp where he was tortured
and the the torturous path the politics
you know he wore both of those with as a
badge of honor it was part of what
grounded him and what formed his
character and and he shared that with us
particularly in in his later years what
he tried to help us see those
connections they you mentioned turn real
people he tried to keep it real for real
people in so many ways Chris and and it
was difficult in politics because he
watched his politics retreated to the
corners retreated to the edges it was no
longer in the center ring where they
would Duke it out where he and Ted
Kennedy or you know Chuck Schumer would
go at it over a bill and and sort of
fight it out that's why he called for
regular order from this for and one of
his last great speeches from the Senate
floor to remind is the members what is
their purpose yes this is tough this is
hard torture was hard but I endured it
you know politics is hard but we will
endure it together
and I think that's something that's been
lost on a lot of the members what did
you think of the guest list today
Michael when you saw Warren Beatty who
was such a symbol of Hollywood anti-war
attitude and cultural attitudes towards
the American politics and Gary Hart who
ran that campaign then being invited to
speak today I mean to to be Paul
bearer's - what did you make of that I I
find it fascinating I I think again John
McCain is forcing the country and his
colleagues to take notice of what his
life's work was about it was not about
isolating politics like I said into the
corner into to the edges but it was
about reaching across and having people
you know share in the moment and so he
has turned a lot of this moment over to
his political rivals over to those who
who were opposite him oftentimes that is
something that we've not seen in our
politics you know you've heard Diane
jandry and others talk about his
relationship with with Ted Kennedy and
and they would you know but we're told
they couldn't sit next to each other and
you know people started to talk you guys
are spending too much time on the
opposite side of the aisle well here we
are at his funeral and he's had a lot of
iconic voices if you will from the
opposite side of the aisle come forward
and speak on his behalf
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
