all right I'm Ali Velshi in for lawrence
O'Donnell the President of the United
States loves to talk about breaking
records but he will not be bragging
about the record that he broke today
president Trump's disapproval is now the
highest it has ever been in the
Washington post/abc News poll for the
first time 60% of Americans disapprove
of the job that Donald Trump is doing as
president and more than half of
Americans 53 percent strongly disapprove
of the job Donald Trump is doing
meanwhile less than a quarter strongly
approve of the president it was just
yesterday that the president told
Bloomberg the Democrats can't impeach
him because he's doing a quote great job
the poll shows Americans not only don't
think Donald Trump is doing a great job
it shows that nearly half 49% want
Congress to begin impeachment
proceedings against him
also while Trump calls Robert Muller's
probe a with a witch hunt Americans
apparently disagree sixty-three percent
support the Muller probe just 29 percent
oppose it those numbers coming a day
after the president threatened to get
involved in the Department of Justice
which is overseeing Robert Muller's
probe our Justice Department and our FBI
have to start doing their job and doing
it right and doing it now what's
happening is a disgrace
and at some point I wanted to stay out
but at some point if it doesn't
straighten out properly I want them to
do their job I will get involved and
I'll get in there by half
at some point listen to that at some
point if it doesn't straighten out
possibly if the probe into me doesn't
straighten out in a way I want I will
have to get involved number after number
after number in the new Washington Post
poll shows a warning to the president
about his unpopularity and it comes on
the same day that the President of the
United States found himself excluded
from the ceremonies to remember Senator
John McCain the president is not invited
pointedly not invited to Senator
McCain's funeral on Saturday but even in
his absence there were reminders of
Donald Trump's legal jeopardy as his
chief of staff John Kelly stood
alongside rod Rosenstein the man
overseeing the Russia investigation and
Attorney General Jeff Sessions who has
faced so much pressure from the
president to recuse himself in the
Muller to Unruh cues himself in the
Muller probe well they were all on hand
to honor the former Senate colleague
John McCain the president spent the day
dealing with new fallout in his trade
war with Canada after his disparaging
remarks about the United States Ally
leaked out the Toronto Star's Daniel
Dale who will join us later this hour
reported that in an off-the-record
portion of the president's interview
with Bloomberg Donald Trump said that
he's not making any compromises at all
in the talks with Canada but he cannot
say this publicly because quote it's
going to be so insulting that they are
not going to be able to make a deal end
quote
Canadian officials saw that as proof
that the president is not negotiating in
good faith as he threatens to exclude
Canada from a new trade deal they
reportedly confronted the US delegation
over that report today here was the
president's response at an event in
Charlotte when you say off the record
that's a very it's not a legal term but
it's a term of honor
they said prism Trump's it off the
record and then they go on to this
I said there's the first is the first
these are very dishonorable people but I
said in the end it's okay because at
least Canada knows how I feel so it's
fine good squat stroke
well at least Canada knows how he feels
and the president made this threat to
Canada and if we don't make a deal with
Canada that's just fine but we'll see
how it all works out I say
affectionately we'll just have to
tariffs those cars coming in it's a lot
of money coming into the coffers of the
United States tariffs the cars that are
made by American car companies with
factories in Canada and a Republican
appointed federal judge in Texas dealt
the president of below today on
immigration declining to order an
immediate halt to the deferred action
for childhood arrivals or daca program
Texas and seven other states had sued to
stop daca which is the Obama era
initiative that has allowed more than
700 thousand young people known as
dreamers to avoid deportation joining us
now is jonathan alter the columnist for
The Daily Beast and an MSNBC political
analyst also joining us is Michael
Thomas key a special correspondent for
The Daily Beast and near attend and
president of the American Center for the
center of American Progress
she was Hillary Clinton's policy
director during the 2008 presidential
campaign welcome to all of you thank you
for being with us
not just on a Friday night but a holiday
Friday night there's a lot to deal with
here near on let's start with this this
this the daca decision things are not
going the president's way in terms of
daca the president does this judge put
out a long report in which he agreed
that the the the Obama administration
may not have had the authority to
implement daca but he did not agree to
suspend this as was requested absolutely
and I think that the news here really is
that the White House has really tried to
use immigration issues across the board
as part of really a campaign strategy I
think they saw overturning daca at this
point in time a judge over granting daca
overturning daca as an opportunity to
make this another
shuh in the campaign just like they try
to have their failed family separation
policy as something that was helping
them and honestly I think the federal
judge has really taken that away from
them and despite the fact that they're
running though GOP is running basically
anti-immigrant ads everywhere I think
that is going to fail when it you know
fuel like this has taken away from them
Jonathan of the assembled crowd you and
I are old enough to remember when NAFTA
came to be and before that the free
trade agreement with Canada and the fact
that that came of the auto pact between
Canada in the United States which was a
very active decision to create assembly
in in Canada for American company cars
at the time the president's tried
treading on dangerous water here he
torpedoes the talks with the Canadians
and then says the answer will be to tax
cars coming in from Canada that's
ultimately shows a poor understanding of
basic economics it does and Canada is
our biggest trading partner a big chunk
of the US economy depends on that
relationship so he's playing with
dynamite here he's got you know Jared
Kushner negotiating against Christian
Freeland who some viewers might remember
from when she appeared often on MSNBC
and Randy's colleague of ours
tremendously bright and talented of a
foreign minister of Canada and you know
she got handed a real advantageous piece
of information today so she has a lot of
leverage over Trump and one thing that
nobody has even mentioned is that the
deal requires Canada's participation in
other words by law the United States
cannot make a separate deal with Mexico
and leave Canada out which has not been
mentioned Michael I think most
surprising was what the president said
where he said if they if this thing
doesn't straighten itself out referring
to the Russia probe he'll have to get
involved with the Justice Department
that's that's more than he said he's
made that kind of comment before but
that's more serious than the this is a
witch-hunt
I don't like it it's unfair there's no
collusion the I have to get involved in
the just enjoy not just
Department is not the commerce
department it's not the Department of
Labor it's not it's different from the
executive branch is the president
threatening to get involved is dangerous
well it's very dangerous and and it's
not going to work very well for him I
have news for him so to return to the
poll numbers Ally that you started the
segment with this poll is you know
perhaps perhaps it's an outlier because
the numbers are much worse than other
recent polls on the other hand perhaps
it's the first poll to take in the full
sort of psychic response of Americans to
everything that has happened in the last
couple of weeks the Cohen plea the
Manafort verdict and and subsequent
developments since then Americans don't
pay attention to the specifics the way
the four of us do but they pay attention
to the broad things they pay attention
to the big things that happen the
stunning number in that poll is the 53
percent strong disapproval I I don't
think that I've ever seen in my adult
lifetime John and Nero can check me I
don't think I've ever seen a strong
disapproval as a resident above 50% in
my adult lifetime and if you were to try
something along the lines you're
suggesting Ally especially with those
numbers in the poll that show the 63%
support for the Muller investigation
there's another number that you didn't
cite 53 percent believe that Trump
probably obstructed what's that up
because I think this is important that's
another 53 there 53 percent the question
was do you think Trump is tried to
interview interfere with the Muller
probe in a way that constitutes
obstructing justice it's a very specific
question Michael it's not a random do
you think he meddled in it
53% said yes 35% said no that 35%
continues to be a base that the
President and enjoys until they you know
he said he can shoot somebody on Fifth
Avenue he's probably still got that 35%
yeah but the 53 stuck out to me Ali and
that was higher than I would have
expected it to be by 7 8 maybe even 10
points and that shows that if he were to
try something like you suggested that
would've been trouble for him near go
ahead here yeah I think what's really
interesting about this poll is you know
basically Don Trump has been attacking
Malheur PO probe and undermining the
probe and attacking the honesty and
veracity of the Miller himself as well
as the whole process he's obviously
trying to just make the American people
think that there's something wrong here
and what's really happened with this
poll demonstrates and I think I think
Michael's right that this is may just
really just be the beginning of a
hardening of public opinion post Manta
for it and yeah man really and what I
think is happening here is this entire
strategy of Donald Trump's has backfired
you can look at a person a common
criminal who attacks the prosecutor all
the time who tries to undermine it and
say that person looks guilty and if you
see this 53 percent number it's
basically the American people saying you
know his behavior is confirming in front
of our eyes that he's guilty a lot of
pundits have said this is a smart
strategy to kind of undermine the
investigation because his base is hard
that's true but with independence it has
truly backfired and I have news for the
Republican Party it is not just ending
Republicans who are going to be voting
this November it's Democrats but a lot
of independents as well darn stir this
starts to reflect in fact when you look
back at 1973 this starts to reflect
something that people are really turning
and Republicans back then only decided
that that they were turning on on
Richard Nixon when it real light when
they realized the public was turning on
them let's look at another piece of this
poll the this is after the mana Ford
verdict the question of whether Trump
should pardon mana Ford 66% oppose an
18% support 18% that's almost half as
much as he typically gets so even people
in his base even people who turn away
from Donald Trump for nothing that he
does are saying come on this is actually
a bridge too far it's hard to know
Jonathan what the bridge too far is with
Donald Rob but for some people this is
it 18% believe the world is flat you
know I mean you can get 18% for mmm so
that is a really
really low number and I think there are
a number of other things that have
happened in the last few weeks and when
we haven't mentioned John McCain you
know he just beat Donald Trump in a
landslide even though he was you know he
had died and and and the contrast there
I think was very very powerful in the
last 10 days when they were in the field
with that with that poll and so you had
a lot of a lot of Republicans and
independents who outnumbered Democrats
and Republicans in this poll they are
now the number one political force in
this country by about 7 or 8 points more
people identify themselves as
independents than Democrats than
Republicans bringing up the rear and the
various things that they're trying to do
on the Republican side to rally their
base are not working for instance they
thought that they were going to turn a
young woman who was tragically killed in
Iowa Molly Tibbets they thought they
were gonna turn her into a household
word and before you know she had even
been buried Newt Gingrich was was
politicizing this then Molly Tibbets
father comes out at the funeral and says
we don't blame the Latinos in Iowa
they're part of our family part of our
community and it completely took that
issue away from them what they were
expecting to run on this ball Michael
watching the services for John McCain
now this is a guy let's not kid
ourselves as we continue to to venerate
him as I have done he's a man who's had
his failings and by the way he wasn't he
was he was a conservative he absolutely
was and yet it showed us in this last
few days what an independent spirit
brings to whatever your political
persuasion is and what this country can
be if we are prepared to listen to each
other for prepared to make compromises
it has been a sort of a celebration of
the fact that maybe that is not dead in
our political spirit that's right
and it it doesn't have that much to do
with politics or transcends politics
it's he lived an honorable life whether
you agree with his politics or not he
lived an honorable life
and then there are those who didn't live
haven't lived such an honorable life I
bet you they're hiding Donald Trump
smartphone tonight at the White House
because he's gonna be watching that
tomorrow and he's gonna be boiling and
he's gonna want to be tweeting and
they're gonna want to keep him well away
from that phone of his so he doesn't eat
anything I think that would be an
interesting what happened thank you for
joining me on this Friday night Jonathan
alter Michael Thomas key near at end and
I appreciate it thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
