Oh CNF Paul Manafort pleading guilty
today to a federal crime and admitting
to arranging an illegal foreign donation
to Trump's inauguration Samuel Patton
pleading guilty to charges a failing to
register in the US as a lobbyist for a
foreign agent he agreed to cooperate
with Bob Muller's team Mulla referred
the case to the DC prosecutor but
perhaps the most striking part of the
case is this
Pyne admits illegally helping a Russian
and Ukrainian making a $50,000 donation
to the Trump inauguration committee now
of course foreigners aren't allowed to
donate money to inaugural committees
there's no sign the Trump inauguration
committee though knew about it with me
now NBC investigative reporter Kendall a
naeun Evelyn Farkas who's a former
deputy assistant defense secretary Kim
Whaley who was an associate independent
counsel during the Whitewater
investigation and former US attorney Guy
Lewis great to have all of you with us
on this Friday evening ken let me begin
with you tell us a little bit more about
this guilty plea today and what unfolded
a min this case appears to have come out
of the investigation of Paul Manafort
Donald Trump's former campaign chairman
who is running this massive lobbying
operation on behalf of a Russian back
Ukrainian oligarch now this conduct Sam
Patton comes in after the oligarch
Viktor Yanukovych had fled in exile to
Russia and mana fort was trying to
reconstitute the political party which
was known as the party of regions and he
formed something called the opposition
bloc and according to these court
documents Sam Patton was lobbying for
the opposition bloc inside the United
States he was being paid by this foreign
political party and that's illegal
because he never registered as a foreign
agent with the Justice Department and in
fact he gave media interviews saying
that he was not doing any lobbying in
the United States and as you said the
more interesting part of this plea
agreement he was not charged with this
conduct but he admitted to funneling a
straw donation of $50,000 from a foreign
source his Ukrainian client to the
Donald Trump inauguration committee now
what we don't know a min is was this
just a case of his Ukrainian client
wanting to get tickets to the inaugural
and attend the parties or was this a way
to potentially curry favor and buy
influence with Donald Trump and who knew
about that those are the interesting
questions raised by that straw donation
issue Amon Kendu we know really quickly
who made the straw payment on behalf of
these two men because as you were saying
the money was obviously funneled through
some straw donor and do we know whether
that donor was a willing accomplice to
this or perhaps not the that person is
not named in the court documents and we
haven't confirmed that person's identity
but we do know from other reporting that
one of his Ukrainian clients was the
chief of staff to Viktor Yanukovych a
Ukrainian politician who is a member of
parliament today yeah so a very
interesting that we're gonna delve into
it a little bit more but Kim I want to
first get your reaction to today's
development what is your take on what we
saw today well I think what's
interesting about it is that we are
seeing the Muller investigation and in
other parts of the Justice Department
moving in on the question of what people
refer to as Russian collusion right so
the manna for trial is about financial
crimes we're hear a lot about
obstruction of justice from the
potential from the White House
potentially but here we have a close
associate of manna Ford who is
essentially secretly lobbying Congress
lobbying the executive branch as you
mentioned funneling payments to the
Presidential Inaugural committee on
behalf of foreign governments that
aren't interested in the well-being of
the American voter and I think a lot of
people that's very complicated and
viewers and Americans want to understand
why should this matter why should we
care about this and we should care about
this because we want free and fair
elections in this country we want to
know who's contributing to political
parties and I think what this tells us
is that the Moller team is on this and
of course the other question is how much
does this person know that's going to
exert additional pressure on mana for to
potentially start cooperating with the
Justice Department with with the other
information that he's aware so let me
ask you this because you brought the
issue of collusion one do you think that
there is a relationship or correlation
between what we saw today with samuel
pine and the delay of the Paul Manafort
trial you know that's that's a good
question it's really difficult to answer
that I was a young lawyer in the
Whitewater investigation one thing that
really struck me was how little the
public knows about what's actually
happening it
happening inside the investigation we
have so much information about what the
Russians did at this point we have
multiple indictments from the from the
Muller team as well as we know they
hacked the election that the the
Russians were behind that it went to
WikiLeaks the information came out
within a half an hour of the access
hollywood tape so we'll just have to sit
back and see how these pieces are put
together but it's pretty evident that
the Justice Department is looking at
this as a widespread almost like a
criminal enterprise with lots of players
and we'll just have to see as I
mentioned how it unfolds publicly so
Evelyn your take on this as well when
you now look at two additional I don't
want to call them Russians obviously a
one Ukrainian one Russian but certainly
pro-russian perhaps in their political
outlooks or political interest once
again appearing at the presidential
inauguration what is your take on what
we saw today yeah I mean I mean I think
it's really interesting in addition to
what you know you're called the I forgot
her name right now the journal is just
mentioned or the lawyer just mentioned
you know I would say is the fact that
Kate okay okay ken was the reporter I
think about these what's important to
note about these actors working in
Ukraine and specifically with regard to
constants and kill him Nick you know
he's already been fingered by Muller as
basically a Russian operative and so if
this American has been working closely
this Sam Patten fellow has been working
that closely with Killam Nick and manna
for you know was patent aware that
Killam Nick had these ties back to the
Kremlin and was man afford aware and
again it gets back to the question of
manna fort you know was he a witting
agent of the Russian government or an
unwitting agent I think it does matter
although of course in his actions maybe
it doesn't make a difference for in the
Iowa law but I do think that it's
important for us to understand
eventually we don't know whether robert
muller will tell the american people but
i do think that this points to the
question of the kremlin culpability and
then there's the other piece of it which
bloomberg mentioned in their article
about cambridge analytical
this guy's Sam was also involved at one
point with Cambridge analytic so do
those relationships actually endure
throughout the campaign because I think
his involvement was earlier yeah it's
very exciting to see all the threads
that are kind of overlapping here with
all these various aspects guy I wanted
to get your reaction Rudy Guiliani
talked about this plea deal today take a
listen to this nothing to do with the
president nothing to do with collusion
everything to do with a lobbyist who
acted improperly who the president
doesn't know so far every indictment is
unrelated to the president we went
through an entire manifold trough and
there wasn't a single mention of the
president well this was really directly
to the inauguration not to the president
so Giuliani here saying this has nothing
to do with the president but when you're
listening to what the point that Ken
made earlier which is that we don't know
why these men paid fifty thousand
dollars to come attend the inauguration
where they just come and have a good
time and party it up in DC with a bunch
of politicians or were they coming to
try to get access to an incoming
administration so that they could
ultimately shape policy and have some
kind of influence how is it possible
that Rudy Giuliani makes that kind of
statement when we don't know the answer
to why these two men paid fifty thousand
dollars well I mean first of all the
mayor is a pretty good lawyer and he's
going to put a spin on it that is
completely totally pro Trump and that's
what he should be doing frankly but
what's fascinating about this and Kim's
100% right what what this tells me is is
three quick things one we are not in the
wind-down phase of this investigation
I mean they are still in dieting people
and charging people and it's going to
continue
I mean bet the house it's going to
continue number two follow the money
follow the money they didn't pay fifty
to a hundred thousand dollars to go rub
shoulders with a bunch of politicians it
just is not the way Washington works you
pay the money you have an expectation of
something in return and three four
people that really want to pound
Mahler's say well he's
he's not doing what he's supposed to be
doing I mean chalk up another win yet
another win for Bob Mahler and his team
yeah slow and methodical but man he is
still moving forward I'll Ken one of the
interesting themes that we've kind of
seen emerge out of all this is that
these two the Russian and the Ukrainian
man they are not the only Russians to
have appeared at president Trump's
inauguration what more do we know about
Russians at the president's inauguration
that's right I mean there have been
reports of other Russian and Russian
Americans who at least attended the
inauguration no other report of an
illegal foreign donation but one of them
was billionaire victim Viktor Vekselberg
and his cousin Andrew in traitor and if
you remember those names it may be
because you heard reports that these
people were paying Michael Cohen some 1
million dollars in a consulting
arrangement to help their business and
so and and when these reports emerged at
the time people were trying to figure
out why are these people attending
Donald Trump's inauguration what's the
connection here it raises a number of
interesting questions Daymond yeah it's
a the least that none of them I think
have been answered as of yet I think
that adds more speculation to why these
two men were there and pay $50,000 to
get access to the inauguration Kim let's
talk a little bit about the deal itself
how could somebody like Samuel Patton
help prosecutors in the broader
investigation into collusion obstruction
of justice or any other wrongdoings well
I think what's interesting is that both
Patton and manna Ford had worked for the
same did lobbying on behalf of the same
Ukrainian political party so presumably
this person knows some information about
mana force relationship with Ukrainians
and and the Putin support potentially
for Ukrainian interests which also made
its way into at least into the potential
the publican party platform during the
presidential election and as I mentioned
before it's it's it's like reading you
know every fortieth page of Moby Dick
and trying to figure out what the
story's about you have to read every
page and right now not only Bob Muller
but also it's because he's farming out
some of these prosecutions in other
parts of the Justice Department other
parts of the Justice Department now have
pieces of it so it
it's a widespread complicated puzzle and
I understand that you know even lawyers
former prosecutors like some of myself
and people on the panel and others have
a hard time paying attention to it and
it's something that I think is very
difficult for the American people to
understand but I think what they need to
think about is that do you want when you
cast your vote that to matter based on
your own political views and who you
want to be representing you in your
government and not Vladimir Putin and
his cronies that's the issue right now
guys I want all of you guys to stay with
me just for another minute we have
another breaking story that we're
following tonight the author of the
Trump Russia dossier reportedly told a
Department of Justice lawyer that
Russians had Trump over a barrel The
Associated Press learning today that
Bruce or said Christopher steel told him
in July of 2016 that Russian
intelligence believed that they had
Trump quote over a barrel during the
2016 campaign with me by phone now is
the reporter who broke that story Chad
day of The Associated Press
Chad great to have you with us this
evening let's talk a little bit about
your reporting Steele saying that the
Russians believe they had Trump over a
barrel what does that suggest how do you
understand that statement to mean right
so we understand that statement to mean
that they had compromising information
on Donald Trump and you know these
comments appear to mirror a lot of the
details that were included in as you
mentioned that you know the steel
dossier now why this is important though
I think that we should point out is it
this is the first time that we're
actually hearing these details you know
Bruce hoards own account of his contacts
with steel so you know what we're
finding out is that you know this was
something that Steele was trying to warn
people about and that he went to Bruce
or at this point because he was very
concerned that Russian intelligence had
compromising information at that point
on a leading candidate for president why
why Bruce or because Republicans to some
extent are looking at Bruce or and the
president certainly attacked Bruce or as
being part of the deep state if you want
to use that expression according to them
but why do you think there was that
communication between Steele and Bruce
or right--so steel and or had known each
other for about ten years at this point
and it should be noted that you know
or has deep experience and investigating
Russian organized crime that's something
that he did at the Justice Department
and as a prosecutor and you know they
kind of bonded over this connection
where Steele you know as an ex mi6 agent
had also been had deep ties into Russia
and was very much interested in tracking
Russian organized crime and he
previously actually provided information
to the Justice Department that they
found credible and used in bringing
other cases and also passing along to
other intelligence agencies so at the
time that this meeting took place this
meeting between Brousseau and
Christopher Steele where he relayed that
information what was happening with the
Russia probe at the time do we have a
sense of where the general intelligence
community's assessment was of Russia's
involvement in American elections are
trying to shape it we do and you know
what this was right at the beginning of
the fbi's Russia you know
counterintelligence investigation into
Russian election interference and any
possible ties with the Trump campaign
you know that investigation that we know
according to both Republican and
Democratic Leone third memos was
actually triggered by information about
George papadopolis another Trump
campaign foreign policy adviser who had
had contacts with Russians and in
particular who had talked to him about
you know saying that they the Russian
government had dirt on Hillary Clinton
in the form of emails so what we know
about this point in time is that it's a
very early on part of the investigation
where they were trying to you know there
was a lot of anxiety about trying to
figure out what are these these bits of
information that we're collecting about
any type of Russian election
interference yeah a pretty significant
development on that front chad day from
The Associated Press thank you very much
chef for joining us
back to our panel Evelyn let me first
get your reaction to this story this
assessment by Christopher Steele
reporting it back to Bruce or what do
you make of the information that the
Russians or the Russian intelligence
agencies had president Trump or at the
time Trump over the barrel well I think
I mean it it based on what we saw in the
dossier the Russians likely did have
information relating to trump and his
finances and possibly this performance
this evening that he spent in the Moscow
hotel with
prostitutes you know we don't know that
part I to our knowledge publicly has not
been verified confirmed by the FBI but
we know many other parts of the dossier
have been confirmed publicly through
press work good journalistic work and
also through some of the work that the
Justice Department has done so I I would
say that I'm not surprised that he came
and said that the Russians believe they
have Trump over a barrel
the Russians probably believe that
anyway because you just have to listen
to Donald Trump speak but I think that
they probably really did have some
information some of which is now public
the other part of this though I think
that's important to mention is this
didn't start with Papadopoulos or the
dossier I believe I mean I don't know
this for a fact but don't forget that
the FBI is not the only component of our
intelligence community and the component
that's looking closely at the Russians
the whole time is of course the CIA and
the other agencies that are focused
outwardly and they must have been
already aware so before this
counterintelligence investigation got
kicked off in the FBI I can only imagine
that there was something else happening
internal to the intelligence community
and this of course gets to the whole
issue of President Obama and the White
House going to the White going to the
Congress and saying hey you know we're
seeing this evidence we need your help
here the Russians have infiltrated into
the try to infiltrate into some of the
voting rolls etc you know that the
missions the mechanics of our voting
system in addition to the other things
that they did so I think it's important
to bear in mind that the dossier is just
one piece of it but certainly if you're
Bruce or and you know this guy's
credible meeting chrissteele you're
gonna be alarmed and you're gonna do
your job and you certainly take that
meeting as well I don't think anyone
would necessarily fault Bruce or for
taking that meeting hey I'm already
Melvin from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
