majority of Americans back the Muller
probes 63% say the investigation the
Trump campaign ties into Russia should
continued comes as Trump is attacking
Muller for a quote illegal investigation
and going after the Department of
Justice our Justice Department and our
FBI have to start doing their job and
doing it right and doing it now because
people are angry people are angry what's
happening is a disgrace and at some
point I wanted to stay out but at some
point if it doesn't straighten out
properly I want them to do their job I
will get involved and I'll get in there
by half - so all of this as Trump's
lawyer Rudy Giuliani says that he is
putting together a counter report
challenging Muller's legitimacy let's
bring in our panel with me bill crystals
the weekly standards editor-at-large
Francesca chambers The Daily Mail's
White House correspondent and former US
Attorney Guy Lewis is back with us for
another segment bill let me start with
you if I may
63% backing the Muller probe this is a
probe that the president has called a
witch hunt illegal
he has gone after individuals within
that investigation is this all
backfiring against the president I don't
know if it's backfiring but I think I
think the assault on the molar probe on
the Justice Department on sessions on
Rosen Stein on the FBI had some success
and moved some Republicans it certainly
moved some Republican members of
Congress to go along and it move
Republican voters to be somewhat more
skeptical of the Muller investigation
than they were at the beginning but I
think it peaked I think it's sort of
that that assault has run out of steam
and if anything now is the trend is a
little bit the other way I was only the
only 61% of Republicans don't like the
Muller investigation you could say 61%
is a big number and it's bigger than I
would like it to be but it's not you
know 80 or 90% and it really limits I
think Trump's ability now to do what he
would like to do
to fire sessions to get rid of residents
died to shut down the investigation so
yes I think the big story of the summer
the last four or five months politically
has been repeated assaults by Trump and
his surrogates on the Justice Department
on Muller
on the investigation attempts to do
legitimize it and basically they've had
some success but fundamentally I think
have failed so guy with with the
developments today that the Muller probe
had one more guilty plea or sorry excuse
me one more ideal it should should
anyone who's watching this feel that Bob
Muller and the investigation are in fact
countering the negative charges that are
coming from the president and I think
crystals a hundred percent on on point
on this I mean let's take just a quick
run-through Papadopoulos convicted Manta
for convicted after trial generally and
convicted Cohen convicted Sam Patton
today convicted twelve Russian spies
charged thirteen Russian nationals
charged Rick gates convicted and then a
couple of other small fries for lying to
the FBI if and again I think Bill's
right at the peak of of that attack on
the Justice Department had Muller start
tripping and falling and frankly had
they lost the mana fork case would be in
a different position but so far they're
batting a thousand and that's pretty
good so to that effect at francesca what
are you hearing in terms of the White
House's sentiments with the president's
approach with Trump's approach a is this
attack I mean we've heard this for in
the past from Giuliani he's wanted to
make this a public argument against the
credibility of the Muller investigation
but it can't you can't look at it and
think that it's working when you have 63
percent of the American public according
to this poll support the Moller probe
well the White House this week has been
letting the president do the talking we
didn't have a White House press briefing
at all although the president has
addressed reporters and taken their
questions in different settings this
week so the White House really
distancing themselves from the Moller
probe and from these cases involving
manna fort and cohen and today is a very
important date because
if you recall September 1st is when
originally that Rudy Guiliani predicted
that molars probe would be over and at
this point that still could be the case
it may be almost over but as the other
guests were pointing out it surely
doesn't show any signs of stopping and
at least not before September first time
is really running out on that and so I'm
hearing from people who are familiar
with the case that he could be starting
to wrap wrap it up and maybe that's why
he hasn't responded to the letter that
the president's legal team sent a few
weeks ago in which they offered
essentially to have the president sit
down but under a very limited set of
circumstances or it could be possible
that given the new information that's
come out of these other cases that
molars team could be chasing down new
leads and that's why they're waiting in
order to wrap up this investigation yeah
you actually brought up Giuliani let me
play you guys his soundbite he spoke to
NBC about the mullet probe not too long
ago this afternoon to take a listen the
judge Department has a rule that you
should stay out of politically charged
investigations within 60 days of the
election I hope you respect that nothing
I mean otherwise it just affects how
people look at the legitimacy of this
investigation is it political or is it a
real law enforcement investigation guy
what is your reaction to that I mean
what's your I mean you you and I were
talking about this earlier where do you
think the molar probe is if you had to
put it on a hundred yard field I mean
where are we right now
50 yard line we still got another half
of two quarters to play in the game
we're half way through and I think the
next 60 listen I do think that Bob
Muller he's a stickler I mean he really
is worked with him a long time he's a
he's a by-the-book guy cross the t's dot
the i's he's not going to indict
anything in the next 60 days he's going
to continue to do what he's doing which
is get his ducks in the row ducks in a
row they're going to continue to
subpoena documents are going to continue
to brief and debrief witnesses and
prepare for the the next series of
assaults post-election
so you don't think there will be an
indictment between now and the elections
after at least labor data says say
between I mean it could
anything over the weekend I doubt it but
between Labor Day and the election I
don't think so if I'm a betting man I
bet against it
Bob's careful he's cautious he's
conservative and I think that's the
track he'll follow
all right so bill I know that Giuliani
he's told The Daily Beast that he wants
to challenge Muller's legitimacy and
that it's essentially coming from Google
I mean is that really the best plan
Giuliani trying to really question the
legitimacy of Bob Muller well it
probably is their best plan but what do
they ultimately have to do they have to
hope to have a decent election this
November they might lose the house but
hold the Senate and then they they
presume and I assume that there will be
a mullah report that could be quite
damning but they need to be able to hold
enough Republicans to to not vote to
either impeach or convict I think we
probably gets to that and I think the
way they do that is by discrediting
Muller the FBI the Justice Department
the whole apparatus that's been going
after Donald Trump and the way Giuliani
puts it and the way Trump puts it and
look they have made some progress we
shouldn't be too complacent and things
could happen he could find I mean he
says he's gonna fire sessions after the
election what happens then I remain very
worried that Trump when cornered is not
going to sit and passively accepts Bob
Muller going ahead methodically
developing a case against them for you
the collusion and/or obstruction I've
made very worried the Trump lashes out
and sinks and maybe he's got enough
support from Republicans a lot depends
on the election results I think to act
to try to remove this this this thing
that he has that he has been trying to
remove for a long time again I think the
big story so far the last three four
five months is big assault some success
but repulsed so far the system stands
the institution's stand but I remain
wary and worried that Trump is not going
to give up so Franchesca really quickly
do you think the White House sees this
as a political fight not a legal fight
well we'll certainly turn into a
political fight if the president does
fire the Attorney General B after the
elections he said they he will stay and
tell them the president said that
sessions will stay until then but it's
pretty clear from the comments of
Lindsey Graham and Chuck Grassley that
the president is paving the way to be
able to get rid of sessions after those
elections are over hey I'm already
Melvin from MSNBC you can see more of
our video
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
