welcome back House Republicans are
looking at the massive midterm
battlefield for this fall and realizing
they need to make some tough choices
Republican officials are telling
Politico already that as many as 45 of
their seats are at serious risk and
there's no way they can save each one
with limited resources so it's becoming
survival of the fittest incumbents at
risk right now of being cut off from
Republican Party help include and we're
in August and they're saying this
publicly virginia's barbara Comstock
Pennsylvania's Keith Rothfuss and Iowa's
rod Blum that's in the northeast
district they're not the Des Moines
district now Comstock has been preparing
for a tough race from the start but the
odds are against her in a district that
went for Hillary Clinton by 10 points
and Democratic governor Ralph Northam by
12 points and in another sign of the
expanding battle field and how
Republicans are sort of triaging at this
moment President Trump announced today
he's gonna hold a rally for Republican
senator Ted Cruz in Texas
joining me now NBC News national
political correspondent Steve Kornacki
and our panelists back in Matthew cotton
any Shana Thomas and Howard Fineman all
right Steve so let's put up the fact
that we're triaging now that we're
seeing this decision normally we know
the decisions get made now but we don't
hear about it until about October 1st
right does that mean more are coming
yeah I first of all I was looking back I
was trying to put this in some
perspective the 2010 the wave when
Democrats lost control of the house back
then how many races did the Democrats
end up cutting their incumbents loose
tonight I think the number ended up
about eight where they either they
either cut it off all together started
pairing it back and that was around
Columbus Day of 2010 so yeah I'd imagine
there's more Comstock is such an obvious
one not only did Hillary Clinton win
that district by 10 points they've
actually you know Monmouth a pretty good
pollster has been doing some of these
house race polls they ever running at
39% right now running 10 points behind
her Democratic opponent so that one just
that's a very obvious one it's starting
to wonder about the the tougher choices
they face with all of those incumbents
in those expensive markets in California
Southern California in particular a
bunch in the New Jersey Philadelphia
even in some of those New York districts
so probably some tough decisions they
are to coming just because of the cost
if nothing else should
going to say should we go major market
by that so for instance we know Miami
the Ileana Ross Layton district Donna
shillelagh
that's probably one that's on there on
the don't fund block expensive Miami you
brought up Philadelphia and and New
Jersey you know might we see something
in Denver for instance yeah I mean
that's that's the way I start to look at
it I mean like I said there's there are
seven Republican incumbents in
California in districts that Hillary
Clinton won some of them are in you know
more of the sort of the Central Valley
Fresno area but you get down into the
San Diego Orange County Anaheim LA area
around they're extremely expensive you
look in New Jersey
Leonard Lantz you know embattled
Republican incumbent right there you got
it by New York television time to get
into that district even you know there's
an open seat there where Rodney
Frelinghuysen is leaving I think there's
a question there so yeah I mean extreme
cost in some of these cases Howard
Fineman one of them that looks like it's
on the chopping block is rod Blum and
he's the first District Republican
congressman in Iowa and what's
interesting about that district is on
one hand it is a traditionally labor
union district always sort of the heart
and soul of the Iowa Democratic Party at
times mm-hmm but there's a trump II feel
to it at times to the fact that that
Iowa that this one's early on the
chopping block that would have me
nervous in every Iowa district if I
refer oh I think so and I think Iowa has
become a sort of classic swing state
it's back being vacillating back it
seems to be yeah it's now back in that
in that category and I think that's very
that's very very important I think the
one in Western PA is to because don't
forget that unlike some of the other
places that's true that really was Trump
country in this last election outside of
Allegheny County which is Pittsburgh
every county in western Pennsylvania
went for Trump the fact that they're
thinking of giving up the through pubs
are thinking of giving up on that race
they're not the one that Connor lamb
right next door sure I think is quite
significant because it shows Trump
country can be vulnerable for House
members who won in that those areas I
got to bring up the decision that Cruz
feels like he needs Trump in October so
they're looking for I think Donald Trump
tweeted the biggest stadium possible
we've calculated that if you go by
Stadium it would be the Taj Maggiore
there the
where the University will be LSU on
Sunday night or it's the Texas Motor
Speedway which actually seats a lot more
but isn't really a stadium what does it
say the Ted Cruz the man who said this
about Donald Trump this man is a
pathological liar
he doesn't know the difference between
truth and lies he lies practically every
word that comes out of his mouth the man
cannot tell the truth but he combines it
with being a narcissist a narcissist at
a level I don't think this country has
ever seen
Donald will betray his supporters on
every issue if you care about
immigration
Donald is laughing at you he will betray
you on every issue across the board
Matthew what this really tells me is Ted
Cruz has a trump voter problem it's not
a swing voter problem then he may have
in Texas it's a trump voter problem
that's right and because you left that
his remarks at the convention well I
left out something vote sure conscience
right right so his beef with Trump
continued even past that date you showed
which the Republican nomination was
effectively over
I think this obviously everyone's going
to be looking at the Texas Senate race
bitter work is a very telegenic
candidate who would that kind of vault
to the presidential contenders if he
somehow pulls off this upset about one
candidate campaign at a time but I hear
you i io so I also think though the
campaign hasn't really started there yet
I mean just today there was some
reporting out of I'm a little yeah not a
DUI that bado had had some decades ago
but you have this sense of a candidate
who's received a lot of positive media
right not real any opposition especially
in the air yet and conversely Ted Cruz
is being kind of held aloft by a pretty
high rating among Hispanics right and I
wonder whether those numbers will go
down once bado hits the air
Steve Kornacki it seems to me that one
of the the the one of the triage one of
the mass unit doctors is actually Donald
Trump that you're where they have to
where he'll be used the most is to do
things like this shore up go to West
Texas where they love them there for
instance all Lubbock or whatever but
shore up shaky incumbents where Trump
can actually help well yeah and I think
in that sense he becomes a lot more
useful to Republicans when it comes to
Senate races potentially than it does to
House races just because the the
battlefield for the Senate side is being
waged in so many red states so many
trumps
you know a trump going into a West
Virginia say or a North Dakota Missouri
Indiana Texas to try to prop up Ted Cruz
there are a lot of options there I think
we've got a significant number of Trump
voters where you could really kind of
tap into that I think as a Republican
with less of a risk of the the sort of
backlash potential you have in some of
these more swing --is-- House seats that
are out there
Shawna Thomas sure our Texan here at the
table I you know Houston native raised
bado
is he's a phenomenon outside of Texas
and I guess we're trying to figure out
is he a real phenomenon inside of Texas
I think so I mean I think the
interesting thing is and I believe Abby
Livingston of The Texas Tribune wrote
about this recently about seeing lots of
signs yard signs Roberto outside of
Texas so there's something coalescing
around him and he also would be he would
be the best example if he were to win of
of turning something blue because of
Donald Trump the other thing better was
has done and we've covered him a lot of
Vice news he has gone to a lot of little
towns the Democrats and this is
pre-primary a lot of little towns that
Democrats in Texas usually ignore
because the Democratic Party in Texas
hasn't really been a thing in a long
time although you're describing the
Andrew Gilliam campaign in Florida it is
such as this same story with him and was
showing up in places that people hadn't
Donald in go and and beto has been all
across the state and it's if I can go to
a bar and get 30 40 50 60 70 Democrats
who didn't use to tell people they were
Democrats to show up if I can get enough
of those people out plus the big cities
of Texas and then maybe we got something
I would very quickly last word
there isn't enough for Donald Trump of
Donald Trump to go around that in
Kentucky there's a house race where they
desperately want Donald Trump to go into
Lexington to save Andy Barr just for
that one house race is he gonna do it
probably that I would not gonna have
enough time Senate matters brighter to
his future Lee than the house totally
totally totally hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about we're
came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
