it's a food fight going on now between
Democrats and Republicans on Democrats
accusing the House Republicans of
cherry-picking texts and emails to make
to sort of boost the narrative about
ruse or and Christopher Steele I know
I'm shocked shocked that that that would
happen in the house among with House
Republicans they've done this multiple
times
what are Democrats doing about it and it
doesn't matter here you know Chuck I
really don't think in the in the grand
scheme of things I don't think that it
matters I'm continually curious as to
how Bruce or has become such a key
player in all of this and Bruce or is
somebody who has a tremendous knowledge
of Russian organized crime it's
something that we're continuing to
report out it's something I'd like to
know a lot more about and I've been
making some calls over the last several
days but you have somebody here who has
deep knowledge of Russian organized
crime you have Russian organized crime
people that are key players we've been
talking about Paul Manafort here and
Konstantin elimnate
when you talk about Paul Manta Ford you
also have to talk about Oleg Deripaska
and we know that just from Bruce Sora's
own career timeline that he was involved
in around Russian organized crime
investigations when Oleg Deripaska and
Ken and I have reported on this
extensively when the FBI and the US
government talked to him and kind of
dangled a deal to get a real insight
into the entire Russian organized crime
enterprises and as it relates to the
Putin government and I think that's
something Oleg Deripaska knows a lot
about I think it's something that he's
been involved in and I'm just a little
bit curious as to how Bruce or has
become such a key figure a talking point
figure and it's somebody who frankly in
most investigations is somebody that
unless you covered every inch of the
Justice Department every day is not
necessarily somebody to talk about all
right Tom you were very careful of what
you said there I'm gonna put it more
bluntly to mr. Delaney in here
how well-known was Bruce or to these
Russian oligarchs if did the was Bruce
or a known hurdle if you will a known
stumbling block to Russian oligarchs
being able to move money in the United
States did they finger Bruce or by name
for a decade these guys are billionaires
for a reason they do their homework
there's no doubt they know who the top
Russian organized crime prosecutors are
in the United States to me this
as an example every time the Republicans
try to attack this investigation they
end up hurting Trump because this story
today was very damaging Donald Trump
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
