welcome back as you heard earlier add
another name to the list of folks who
have pled guilty and investigation
stemming from Robert Mulder's Russia
Provost we mentioned the lobbyists name
is Sam Patton and he pled guilty today
to failing to register as a foreign
agent while working on behalf of
Ukrainian political party Patton agreed
to cooperate with federal prosecutors in
DC as well as special counsel Robert
Muller as part of his plea and he also
admits he made an illegal donation to
president Trump's inauguration committee
acting as a straw donor for Ukrainian
businessman banned from making the
contribution himself so to get more on
this I'm joined by Ken Delaney and
intelligence a national security
reporter for NBC News and Tom winter one
of our investigation reporters in New
York Tom and Ken welcome Ken we've done
a little bit of of legwork here
explaining who mr. Patton is to our
viewers explain the plea deal how
important is this gentleman appear to be
to the investigation it's not clear
Chuck he appears to fit into the mana
four orbit the Paul Manafort Ukrainian
lobbying orbit and he's pleaded guilty
to lobbying in the u.s. even though he
was paid for by this Ukrainian Russian
back Ukrainian political party he said
he wasn't lobbying at all it turns out
that he was more interestingly Chuck
he's also pleaded guilty to funneling a
$50,000 donation to Trump's inaugural
committee so that his Ukrainian client
could attend the inauguration that now
was that because he wanted to curry
favor with Donald Trump this Russian
back Ukraine or was it just because he
wanted to go to the parties we don't
know the answer that was Paul manna for
trying to make good exactly we forgot
that he had his own debt issues with
these you would these various Ukrainian
polls right that's right Paul Manafort
one hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV Daily and MSNBC you
get more me to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
