multi-agency investigation has been
launched to find out who sent those ten
bombs to critics of President Trump that
critics the president some yes they were
local investigators in New York and
other cities continue to work with
federal investigators and the postal
system to determine who sent the package
all the packages and why yesterday the
FBI director Christopher Rea tweeted
this investigation is of the highest
priority for the FBI we have committed
the full strength of the FBI's resources
we will continue to work to identify and
arrest whoever is responsible for
sending these packages well today
sources tell NBC News that there are no
solid leads as to who the suspect is at
the time and if more devices remain at
large however New York Police
Commissioner James O'Neill assured New
Yorkers that the individual or
individuals would be apprehended let's
watch we are investigating all of this
with great precision and I can say with
certainty that we will identify and
arrest a person or people responsible
for these acts well to Tory - sources
tell NBC News that the investigation is
part focusing on Florida because there's
evidence that some of the packages may
have been mailed from there that's
something law enforcement sources also
tell NBC News that some of the bombs
were incapable of exploding but it's
unclear if that was accidental or an
intentional design flaw and intentional
design that they couldn't blow up for
more I'm John by Frank for Guzzi a
former assistant director for
counterintelligence at the FBI and Paul
Butler of course a former federal
prosecutor gentlemen Frank first of all
the FBI a big fan of the FBI over the
years and I've always thought they were
really good at things like bank
robberies what is it what are the
specialties that the agency takes pride
in that they could handle yeah so the
FBI is at its best when it's surging its
resources across the country and
literally across the world so I would
not be surprised if we're at the point
where thousands of agents are assigned
to this clearly in an office like the
Miami field office they have virtually
shut down every other investigation and
everyone's working this case so the
numbers game is on their side and then
the famous FBI laboratory Chris never
ceased to amaze me
they could track nails in a mail bomb
they could they will be tracking the
origin of the PVC pipe the pyrotechnic
powder the scotch tape the packages who
makes it where is it sold who bought it
mmm biometric data hair fiber DNA
fingerprints all of this coming off the
packages that literally speak to these
lab technicians and scientists so this
is solvable it will be eventually solved
but I will caution everyone who's
theorizing on who why this was done what
the motivation was for the investigators
tonight Chris they're not focused on
that they're focused on the evidence and
where the evidence takes them and it's
actually dangerous to start falling into
what I call the obvious trap right it's
obvious for all of us to say this is
some right-wing lunatic who's who's a
Trumpster who's lashing out at prominent
Democrats maybe maybe not the
investigators are focused only on the
evidence tonight well just to argue with
you this is what I do
why would somebody pick all these
Democrats that they weren't
anti-democrat yep let's let's talk about
history and experience let's talk about
the Unabomber Walter Leroy Moody the
anthrax case I worked on all of those to
some degree in some led some of those
cases including the anthrax a murder in
Boca Raton Florida when you sit people
down after you catch them and you're
waiting for the dramatic answer why did
you target this the Unabomber the the
acronym yoona un a comes from university
and airline bomber right and we sit him
down and what does he what does he say
about the airline targeting well
occasionally at altitude the planes
would fly over my cabin in Montana and
they bothered me right Walter Leroy
Moody killed a federal judge Vance and a
civil rights attorney in Savannah
Georgia you sit him down you wait for
the dramatic answer he's crazy
none of this makes sense to anyone with
logic so I'm just saying it could be the
obvious and it could be something else
it could be someone testing the male
system testing his mail bombs waiting to
deliver somewhere else or it could be a
hit group dedicated to taking out
prominent Democrats but why didn't those
bombs go off that's the question well if
I were working working on a job to find
out who the next people
get bombed or I'd be looking at
Democrats and media people right now
anyway almost immediately after the news
broke the hashtag make America great
again bomber was trending on Twitter the
topic was boosted in part by a faction
of a pro Trump supporter group from Ann
Coulter to Candice Rowan's or speculate
that the bombs were a ploy to deflect
attention from the left talk of a false
flag they call it even made it to Fox
News with a guest discussing the
possible explanations let's listen to
Fox and what they're putting up you
talked in your in your notes earlier
about the potential that it could be a
false flag what did you mean by that
James well a false flag is a they also
call it black ops you know some kind of
an operation where a a crime or a letter
or something is done to make it look
like it belongs to one entity when it
actually in real life belongs to the
other there could be someone in there
some some Democrat that you know
low-level person I'm not suggesting
anyone on the top but who just decided
you know what I'm gonna put this out
because two weeks before a major
election who's gonna be look like the
bad guy here the Republicans hmm Paul
but nobody make it at this supposition
you know this comes from the top so
President Trump does not encourage
rational evidence base thinking he
spouts these conspiracy theories so no
wonder that they trickled down we can
think of the president saying that
President Obama was not born in the
United States or that Ted Cruz's father
was somehow part of a plot to kill JFK
and so again it's not about rationality
and we know in July President Trump said
some of the scariest words ever from a
US president he told the veterans of
foreign war don't believe the news what
you see and read is not real and then
there are other folks like Ann Coulter
who have to know better but want to use
this tragedy as a way to stir the base
more deflect attention from the
president and his poisonous and violent
rhetoric that creates the kind of
atmosphere for this to happen
yeah it's the wrister Groucho Marx line
what are you gonna believe me or your
lying eyes let me ask
respect to you Frank about the the the
the option we have to look at here were
these bombs purposely defective or were
they accidentally defective cuz that
would raise the question that would seem
to me of the crime we're talking about
if it was attempted murder then they
were accidentally defected if they're
purposely the fact that it was some sort
of terrorist tactic Terrace action it
wouldn't be murder how do you examine
that unpack that yeah it's a key
question for me and for and for
investigators as well because it goes
toward the heart of purpose mission and
and what's coming next because typically
these mail bombers serial bombers serial
killers they don't stop until they're
caught so if the purpose here was simply
to silence prominent Democrats from
speaking out that's not working and and
he sent these he or she or the groups
sent these packages to places that they
should have known had mail screening
right you're talking about former
presidents of the United States they
don't open their mail initially so what
was behind this and and it looks to me
like this was an attempt to silence an
attempt to test the system for a next
move to send a message as we approach a
midterm election that's quite likely
here I think this person was capable of
making bombs that could detonate I think
they may have chosen not to do it the
mystery is why Chris well what do you
think about that what we're charged with
the charge this person that person is
going to be facing once they apprehend
him so the domestic terrorism is from
the patriarch of a way that the FBI gets
more power to investigate what a lot of
people don't know is that domestic
terrorism is not itself a crime so we
look at people like Timothy McVeigh the
Oklahoma shooter the Charleston shooter
Dylann roof none of them were charged
with terrorism now they get charged with
conspiracy to take away civil rights or
murder or attempted murder
so still severe punishment but the
terrorism law applies to foreign actors
who are part of 60 organizations that
the State Department has registered but
when we decide they did it they wanted
those packages to blow up that's
attempted murder right yeah and so of
course the FBI is looking at
and motive including whether there's a
conspiracy or this guy is a lone wolf
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
