one last thing for all the wonderful
things of reason it for me all the great
events she appeared at my most enduring
memory of her was almost happenstance
for I was there and what turned out to
be the last public singing she ever did
at Elton John's aid benefits last year
in the Cathedral of st. John the Divine
in Harlem just a couple of blocks of my
office
so Elton John and I had done a lot of
work together for a long time on AIDS
and he asked me to come I showed up and
I said well you know and the reason the
talent so I show up a little early and I
was like a great school kid Here I am
you know gray haired guy so sure enough
she heard I was here and she summoned me
back
and she's sitting there I mean obviously
desperately ill gone
she stood right up and said how you
doing baby and she said she said well
look at me
I finally got thin again I took a lot of
guts to say that and then she went out
and in their setting and all these
people who loved her and we're all
struck and said can you believe she
showed up and she's saying not one song
not two songs not three songs she had
him bring a chair out and she sang for
45 straight men
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
