former Vice President Joe Biden spoke at
senator McCain's service yesterday in
Arizona and he specifically spoke about
their friendship and bipartisanship take
a look my name is Joe Biden I'm a
Democrat
and I love John McCain it wasn't about
politics with John he could disagree on
substance because the underlying values
that animated everything John did
everything he was could come to a
different conclusion but war he part
company with you if you lack the basic
values of decency respect knowing this
project is bigger than yourself
decency and respect should certainly
Trump politics but today they don't what
should we take from this bipartisan
take anything from it well I hope they
do I think a lot of people have said
that with the death of John McCain some
people feel that this is perhaps the
death of an America where parties used
to come together at least understanding
the common good
exactly I hope so that really is my hope
because at the end of the day elected
officials are there to serve the public
they are there to serve the needs of
American you know of what it is that we
need in terms of education and housing
and in all sorts of things and I thought
that Biden's speech who is an amazing
speaker and he's just so prophetic and
the manner in which he speaks I hope
it's a message to those that are in
Congress right now but don't seem to be
doing the job that they were elected to
do you know holding hearings on the
whole sorts of things that are happening
in this country
checking the president which is their
job that is their constitutional duty it
is not to pledge allegiance to Donald
Trump it is to hold hearings for
oversight it is to pass legislation that
is helpful to the American needs and
such and I don't see Congress doing that
and I hope that they will take the words
take heed of the words that Joe Biden
has spoken and do that
am I being naively optimistic thinking
that maybe this will open a door for
some bipartisanship well I think we've
said that a lot of times over the last
few years and then when we come to
fruition but you know John McCain said
that he wanted be remembered as someone
who served this country and he hoped
that the word honorably could be added
to that and I think what we've heard is
a series of speeches where people have
said that John McCain's serve the
country honorably and that's what anyone
who serves in public office should
strive for is to go look back on and
know that they served this country
honorably but I do think a lot of the
comments have been said that or either
explicitly or implicitly being taken as
maybe are these perhaps attacks on
President Trump are really almost doing
a disservice to what should be a time
which we come together and it shouldn't
be about whether or not we're holding
hearings on certain matters which should
be about remembering who John McCain is
and really that John McCain wanted his
service to be exactly the way it is and
John McCain was disheartened to see
what's happened to politics John McCain
and said so and it was very clear about
it that I mean John McCain is the one
who didn't want President Trump at his
funeral and asked President Obama and
George Bush to speak so I don't know
what disservice no campaign
our ruff and Tom when they have been for
a long time I mean I sort of remember
him as we said here in New York that
there's nothing that really leads to the
level of discourse that took place
between Alexander Hamilton and Aaron
Burr that led them to a trail last month
when a member of the communications
staff in the administration took a dig
that's that is not a representation of
what I'm discussing what I'm saying is
at this point we're supposed to be
talking about the remembrance of John
McCain and it should be about being able
to serve this country honorably and when
we make it we devolve it into other ask
other future functions of what's going
on in government we are disserved doing
the disservice to that men remember do
you think President Trump did a
disservice to John McCain into the fact
that he merely put one one social media
message out that the flag wasn't dropped
to half-mast on Monday if you're talking
disservice you know it's I don't know
what conversations took place and that
that led to those conclusions I know
that politics is and campaigns are rough
and having been through enough of them
myself I know that a lot of times you
leave those campaigns with hard feelings
we're going to leave it there hard
feelings let's honor John McCain as a
and his extraordinary life and I thank
everyone who's honoring that today hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
