we want to turn to NBC News justice
correspondent Pete Williams who's
joining us now with some breaking news
at the Department of Justice Pete what's
going on well Hallie this appears to be
a case that has arisen from the special
counsels investigation of Paul Manafort
but it's not directly related to manna
fort it's only distantly so and it's not
brought by this special counsel it's
brought by the US Attorney's Office here
in Washington it charges an American
named Samuel Patton who has done a lot
of lobbying work for governments
overseas as Paul man the kind of work
that Paul Manafort has done it says that
he violated the foreign agents
Registration Act now that's a federal
law that says if you're gonna lobby in
the US on behalf of a foreign government
you have to register and what this what
this information says that that's a
legal document indicating that he
intends to plead guilty and there is a
there is a plea agreement hearing the
court docket says now for about half an
hour from now in federal court here in
Washington but it says he was working
for a company that was doing lobbying
work on behalf of Ukraine which of
course is the country that Paul Manafort
was doing his lobbying for and it says
that he was lobbying for them from
beginning around 2014 to the present and
that some of his work included lobbying
members of Congress in the u.s. meeting
with executive branch officials
preparing things for the news media in
the US all doing this work for Ukraine
but failing to register now
there's no direct connection as I say in
these court documents to Paul manna for
himself but it is known that Samuel
Patton at one time was the boss of a man
named Constantine Klem Nick who is a
co-defendant with mana Ford in the trial
coming up in Washington both he and mana
Ford are accused of witness tampering
trying to influence people who might
testify in the trial against men affort
there's no allegation that that what he
was doing mana that what was Patton was
doing in this work had involved Klem
Nick but there is a connection these
people sort of all knew each other so
that's the development here not a huge
thing as these things go but
an interesting incremental movement you
might say Pete Williams from our
Washington bureau Pete thank you thank
you for checking out our YouTube channel
why don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
