because somebody that who religiously
now is watching the weather forecast
every day to kind of set her daily
schedule and also a big fan of Bill
Karen's is joining us on the phone our
special guest Yasmin Vesuvian baby
currently closed because about weather
forecasters is closed I was going to say
you're probably watching it every day to
plan your day of activities with your
newborn son nor and as our and the dogs
shut in my house why are you awake so
early to Norway because because Dan our
EP asked me to come on the show so blend
of you know it's going bill by the way I
heard you make fun of my baby picture a
couple weeks ago perfect it was it was
staged as you guys all know having kids
know that photographer comes off sort of
stages baby pictures that was very much
staged all minute things are going well
guys my baby is currently crying I will
have to say that I'm ignoring him dad is
supposed to be in the picture what's he
doing is he up have you guys decided who
he looks more like you or what I think
he looks a lot honestly he's with he's
with twin beautiful picture it's kind of
hard to hold a baby that looks exactly
like your husband was a miniature
version of his brother taking to it does
he like being a big brother you know
it's funny he he loves him so much that
I think he might hit him he loves him so
much but you understand his own
strengths all picture that set from the
baby monitor as they're looking at him
so cute we we put him in the crib with
him and took a picture and then also
he's going to
share the same room with him eventually
and so I'm like having him back with it
with it with his big brother as her and
sometimes as they're just stares at him
creepily in the crib when you worries me
but but I stay tuned to that baby
monitor make sure he doesn't hurt I got
to ask you really quickly before we let
you go and get back to mommy duties with
all of the stuff that's been going on
last week Paul manna for Michael Cohen
are you ready to come back to work or
what give it to us give it to us
honestly I know you have a little bit of
a news bug so I do miss work I do I miss
it very much and I and I am constantly
tuned in to the news which is it good
for my kid I feel like because that
means possibly but no I got three months
but I'm gonna I'm going to count every
day and guaranteed there'll be some
drama for me yeah guarantee yeah just
like in the two weeks that I've been
gone everything has changed so I can't
imagine we'll have a word with Bill
Karen's about his weather forecast as
well so to be well say hi to the family
big kiss thanks guys
all right hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
