hundreds of children still remained
separated from their parents according
to new court documents filed by the
Trump administration of the two thousand
six hundred and fifty-four children
separated from their families at the
us-mexico border four hundred and ninety
seven remain in the government's care
parents of three hundred and twenty two
of those children have already been
deported the administration said the
parents of a hundred and sixty seven
children
gave up the right to reunification
however the ACLU strongly disputes that
claim saying some parents may have been
coerced or misled meanwhile
congressional Democrats are calling for
hearing over reports the Trump
administration is questioning the
citizenship of hundreds possibly
thousands of Hispanic Americans along
the southern border and denying them
passports The Washington Post reports
that the government is denying passports
to people with us birth certificates in
South Texas alleging that decades ago
midwives and some doctors in the region
provided fraudulent birth certificates
to babies who were born in Mexico State
Department spokesperson Heather Nurit
now responded to the report tweeting the
truth is domestic passport denials for
so-called midwife cases have actually
decreased during the trump
administration the department has
declined to provide information to the
post about the number of people it has
denied passports due to questions
surrounding fraudulent birth
certificates
joining us now member of the Foreign
Affairs and intelligence committees
Democratic congressman Joaquin Castro of
Texas good to have you on board thanks
for chatting
where do we begin I guess I'll start
with the the children who were separated
from their families families that have
been deported or who have somehow given
up their rights which I questioned that
in many different ways how that actually
transpired what can be done to fix this
damage that has been done anything well
you're right I mean this is
humanitarian crisis its tragedy the
Trump administration started separating
young kids from their parents with no
plans to reunify them and that's what
makes this especially cruel some of
these kids are very young and they've
now been there for months and months
what we need to do now what the judge
should do now in this case is take it
out of the hands of the Trump
administration and appoint a special
master or a committee of special masters
who are empowered to use all of the
government's resources to reunify those
kids with their parents and to go find
the parents who've been deported and
reunite them with their kids can the
president do something like that can he
appoint somebody and a committee to try
and fit me this is going to be a very
difficult task to try and or the the
president could appoint essentially what
amounts to a special master but the
problem is as we've seen the president
this is just not a priority for him this
is not something that he's thought a lot
about I don't think and so it's gonna
take I think the court a judge in this
case to come in there and say to Health
and Human Services and to ice I'm taking
this out of your control I'm giving it
to somebody outside of the government to
make sure that it gets done that I think
is the best course of action at this
point and then what do you make of these
reports about the passports being denied
has this been happening in the past is
there a legitimate reason for it the
midwife cases or is this more of the
Trump administration cracking down in a
way that no presidency has seen well the
reason that the Washington Post story
that came out I think two days ago was
so troubling is because look of course
the president and his administration
have gone after undocumented immigrants
including dreamers who have been here a
long time but also have gone after legal
residents and tried to limit the number
of legal residents in the United States
and then there was reporting over the
last year about Stephen Miller trying to
form a group of people to go scrub the
citizenship records and applications of
naturalized citizens so when the
Washington Post report
out saying that the Trump administration
is now denying the full rights of
citizens of citizenship including
passports to Hispanics and South Texas
of course it's going to raise alarms I
heard the quote that the State
Department gave that's not exactly what
they told our office yesterday they
couldn't give a specific numbers on how
many people have been affected and yes
this has been a problem in the past in
the 1950s there was basically there was
a an operation called Operation wetback
that rounded up a bunch of Mexican
nationals who had been brought here to
be part of the labor force in the 1940s
and 50s but in that roundup there were a
lot of Americans Mexican Americans who
were caught up in that and summarily
deported it was also a problem later so
much so that in 2009 the Obama
administration actually tried to stop
the practice of denying these passports
and it looks like the Trump
administration may be starting it up
again yeah the Post report it's
congressman that both George W Bush and
Barack Obama did deny passports some of
these Midwife passports I want to ask
you more broadly though congressman how
the issue of immigration and the Trump
administration's approach to it is
playing in the state of Texas there's a
big Senate race there between Beto
O'Rourke and Ted Cruz probably a little
tighter than Ted Cruz hoped it would be
or would like it to be how big a deal is
immigration and this administration's
stance on immigration in that race and
in your state
I think it's playing a big role and many
Texans most Texans are dissatisfied with
the Trump administration's position on
immigration and they're dissatisfied
with Ted Cruz because Ted Cruz won't
stand up to Donald Trump even though
time after time not only on the issue of
immigration but also a NAFTA and on
other issues Donald Trump has done
things that are hurting the state of
Texas congressman is Jonathan Lemire I
mean how closely what do you think about
the children being separated let's go
back to that for a moment this has
become in many people's estimation sort
of a defining moral crisis of this
administration and it is one that is
still continuing we're now a couple of
months in you've mentioned the president
could step from the Special Master
there's more than Congress could be but
broader speaking where do you think this
stands about sort of the values of where
right now that with that this is could
still happen this could still be
persisting and that we are still even
though we're a few weeks now from seeing
these new images of children crying
being separated their border now they're
being replaced by images of parents and
children even those who've been reunited
those children being changed not
recognizing their mother and father are
feeling different where do you that
where does that speak to us right now is
about a nation well I mean y'all know
that this this the new cycle moves so
fast now but this story was on the news
for about six weeks straight which is
remarkable in this era to be able to do
that and to capture the nation's
attention and I think when most
Americans saw what happened in the
separation especially of young kids I
went to two of these facilities and saw
an eight month-old baby a boy and a
one-year-old girl that were there
without any family members with no
parents present and I think people's
reaction was this is not America this is
not who we are or shouldn't be who we
are and what we stand for and the
challenge now is to make sure that those
remaining kids that have been separated
from their parents get reunited you know
but another challenge is like I said the
media cycle moves so fast and there's so
many legitimately important stories that
come up but we can't let this go we
can't we can't allow 500 people 500 kids
to be permanently separated from their
parents just because those parents were
seeking asylum or were so desperate they
felt that they needed to leave their
home country to seek a better life and
to protect themselves all right
congressman Joaquin Castro joining us
this morning from San Antonio thanks for
your time congressman we appreciate it
thank you we've got much more ahead this
morning on Morning Joe and some fun
video for is to go to break a look at
British prime minister Theresa May
throwing down some dance moves yesterday
in Kenya on a three-day trip aimed at
boosting Britain's trade with that
country what she really isn't it down
this really though just an excuse for us
to show President Bush yes the members
of a West African dance company in the
Rose Garden in 2007 I don't think we see
President Trump
dance
like this any sort of some out and
working the drums as well don't forget
that morning Jose coming right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
