on the eve of the Trump legal team
September 1st deadline for the Special
Counsel to end its probe the president
says the whole thing is against the law
Trump told Bloomberg News quote I view
it differently I viewed as an illegal
investigation because great scholars
have said that there never should have
been a special counsel asked whether he
would comply with a subpoena from Robert
Muller to answer questions Trump said in
the interview quote I'll see what
happens at his rally in Evansville
Indiana last night the president invoked
his 2016 rival Hillary Clinton and the
audience chanted to lock her up just
before he said this our Justice
Department and our FBI have to start
doing their job and doing it right and
doing it now because people are angry
people are angry what's happening is a
disgrace and at some point I wanted to
stay out but at some point if it doesn't
straighten out properly I want them to
do their job I will get involved and
I'll get in there by half - president
threatening last night to quote get
involved joining us now another great
scholar the co-founder of Axios Mike
Allen Mike good morning go for it well
Willie happy Friday and thank you for an
epic summer there it is all right so
Mike let's get into what you're
reporting Axios looking at speculation
over whether Bob Muller may actually
make some sort of an announcement today
what might that announcement be and why
is there that speculation right now yeah
Willie we saw Chuck say Chuck Todd say
last night at an MSNBC that it'll be
coming to work today and I can tell you
so will the president's legal team
there's hot speculation among the
president's lawyers that today might be
a day of action for Robert Marceau it's
the Justice Department's policy don't
have action and a criminal probe like in
a hot election season I think every
federal prosecutor knows that except
James called me who forgot that
and that's all the more reason that
lawyers think that Robert Muller may go
quiet after Labor Day so this would be
the last working day before Labor Day so
could this be the day for WikiLeaks
indictment could he decide that that
that's could be the last action before
the election people who know Bob Muller
well say he's unlikely to make a big
announcement that what could happen is
after any action today that he'll just
go quiet till after the election
Casey hey Mike forgive me if this is too
far off of your reporting but it just
occurs to me that you know this is we're
heading into a weekend where the country
is going to be focused on Senator John
McCain being laid to rest and Bob Muller
someone who we know has you know great
respect for that who served himself in
Vietnam do you think that would play
into his thinking on this at all Casey I
think that's very astute and we know
that Bob Muller is someone who is of
Washington having served as the FBI
director or having been a federal
prosecutor or someone who's very wired
into Washington and I agree with you
that he might well be sensitive to that
it's just another reason that I have
news for Rudy that that September first
deadline is not going to be met remember
when the deadline was last Thanksgiving
for this investigation the lawyers who
touch it feel it are involved every day
see no sense that a Dana MA is imminent
they think this is going a while hey
Mike Jonathan let me are two quick
questions for you one Roger stone who is
someone who's been linked to WikiLeaks
has publicly said that he anticipates an
indictment or arrest in the coming days
I wanted to ask if if that's some of the
speculation you're hearing and then
secondly what sort of response do you
think we'll hear from the legal to the
Trump legal team whether Muller does
anything today or not but as the
calendar turns into next week and that
September first deadline passes what
should we anticipate hearing from them
well Jonathan we can expect that they
are going to seize on any time to say
that that is another reason that the
investigation should be discredited but
johnathan your own reporting on the New
York and of this has shown that for a
witch hunt a lot of witches are turning
up and it's harder for the president's
team to make that argument but I can
tell you on the campaign trail
especially if there's a smaller
investigation continuing through the
midterms it could be one of the biggest
topics we talk about media migration
Muller and ms-13 as the stars of the
president's midterm campaign rallies
Mike if Muller does go silent today and
stays quiet and follows the so-called
rule of not putting anyone under
indictment or raising an investigation
during the you can continue an
investigation but not indict anyone
until the Election Day what happens when
when the president's team as Rudy
Giuliani said is just weeks away from
unleashing his own report and brings it
up does that give an out to Muller to
actually start taking action if he wants
to if the president is talking about
this investigation I can tell you that
Robert Muller based on people who know
him well and as your viewers know there
aren't leaks out of Muller they come
from elsewhere so this is all reading of
the tea leaves but people who have
worked with Muller tell me that he
doesn't need an opening he doesn't need
a reason what he's doing is not going to
be based on any taunts from the other
side anything else from the other side
that if there's one word that comes up
again and again when you talk to people
who've worked with Muller and who have
interacted with his team on this
investigation they say it is methodical
that's why we have a piece up on Axios
right now inside Muller's secret files a
look at everything that Muller has
collected that we haven't yet seen and
this includes more than a million pages
of emails and other documents out of the
White House and the Trump campaign memos
I'm told out of the White House of
conversations with the President and so
there's a lot more to come including
and Jonathan was right in this question
that there is speculation both about
Roger stone and WikiLeaks there were the
two topics that were mentioned to me by
lawyers closed
this investigation when they talked
about what might happen today Wow okay
Mike Alan thank you
and coming up Burks thank you oh that's
right he has to say happy Friday
Bloomberg's Jennifer Jacobs about her
wide-ranging interview with President
Trump as we mentioned he talked about
the mother probe but also Jeff sessions
and he defended his reaction to the
death of John McCain Morning Joe is
coming right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
