we have these new polls as promised new
national polling released just moments
ago shows disapproval of president
Trump's job performance has reached a
new high the ABC news/washington post
poll found just 36% of Americans
approved for the president job
performance with 60% disapproving
meanwhile 63% of Americans supports
special counsel Robert Muller's
investigation of Trump and his
associates and only 29 percent opposed
that investigation the poll also asked
about the allegation the president Trump
directed Michael Cohen to pay off women
if true 6 and 10 of those polled say
Trump committed a crime asked if
President Trump tried to interfere with
the mulher probe in a way that
obstructed justice 53 percent say he has
obstructed 35 percent say he did not and
I'm the president's convicted former
campaign chief a mere 18 percent think
Trump should pardon Paul Manafort 66
percent of Americans polled say he
should not Phil Rucker these polls come
from your newspaper what jumps out at
you this morning
well what jumps out is there's a clear
majority of Americans who are guarding
against president Trump's efforts to
influence the Muller investigation to
perhaps get rid of Jeff Sessions to it
to show his influence in the Department
of Justice again and again and again
they're disagreeing with the president
the president has spent all summer
trying to discredit Bob Muller with this
tweet storm with the public relations
campaign by Rudy Giuliani has a lawyer
his lawyer rather and yet almost 2/3 of
the American people support the moa
investigation the president is thinking
about getting rid of Jeff Sessions as
the Attorney General almost 2/3 of the
American people think he should not fire
jeff Sessions and almost half of the
American people 49% think Congress
should begin impeachment proceedings
against President Trump that's a pretty
striking number to us and Joyce fans
with the onslaught of news and
developments in this presidency we need
people like you to help us understand it
but it is still hard to compute it's
hard to keep up with what do you make of
these numbers the numbers are very
interesting because they'll influence
one half of this equation the political
half of the equation we know that call
wrists won't act until they feel that
level of need and support from the
people that elect them and the other
reality that we face in this
investigation is that it's still
extraordinarily unlikely that the
Special Counsel Robert Muller will break
with DOJ practice and indict a sitting
president
so this political portion of this entire
package of accountability whether it's
criminal prosecution or impeachment
really will matter in the months ahead
it's truly I mean if you the number
Jonathan Lemire show that people are
cluing in I think it was earlier this
week we saw some Fox News polling as
well that was really showing that some
people are seeing the light and maybe
they supported Trump's approach maybe
they supported someone who was anti
Washington and anti-establishment and
said what he thought and shot from the
hip but now it's getting a little it's
getting a little nerve-racking watching
what's happening it's disturbing I think
to some and you wonder how much that is
pervading the base yeah I'm gonna put on
my MSNBC political analyst hat here and
say these numbers not good for Donald
Trump and I think that that you were
gonna see a few things here first of all
we are just nine weeks away from the
midterms this is these numbers are very
very worrisome for Republicans who know
they have such an uphill climb ahead of
them to try to hold on to the house even
if they are able to hold on to the
Senate it's going to embolden Democrats
I think the talk of impeachment to talk
to the investigations that we discussed
earlier we're going to see more and more
of that seeing a president who they
believe is is weakened and is vulnerable
but I think we'll see the exact opposite
from President Trump we know that when
he's backed into a corner which I'm sure
that he will feel he is after seeing
these numbers that he will lash out he
will attempt to he will attempt to fight
back he will attempt to change the
subject he will just double down on what
he does he'll be emboldened you know in
a microcosm what he saw last night a
very very very enthusiastic crowd at
this rally in Indiana
so to fill record let me ask you you
know you've done some great reporting on
you know where the president's mindset
is and the team around him what do you
anticipate coming here
in the next couple of days you know we
this weekend is gonna be dominated by
the coverage of McCain the president is
gonna be holed up in the White House
undoubtedly watching where do you see
him going this weekend in response to
the funeral coverage but also as we turn
the corner September 1st we hit Labor
Day we're into the stretch run before
the midterms yeah that's a good question
I think we'll see the president trying
to get on the offensive best as best he
can to stoke some controversies like he
did this week with his attack on Google
trying to create new enemies new foils
new things that can really motivate his
supporters to turn out he's laun not
trying to persuade independent voters
who have already turned solidly against
him in this election he's trying to
mobilize to give his his people out in
the country a reason to come out in
November and vote for Republican
candidates and that's why you see him
talking about the NFL national anthem
issue it's why you see him talking about
the flag it's why you saw in the past
couple of days him really going after
Google and saying that there's a bias in
these search engines against
conservatives and I think he'll look for
other issues like that in the weeks to
come
so Jennifer first of all my my guess is
he'll be in Bedminster golfing
pretending he doesn't care given
everything Jennifer and the reporting
surrounding this president of White
House insiders and lawyers saying he is
woefully and unprepared for what is
ahead completely unprepared and maybe
even clueless my question to you is what
was his mood in the interview which is
usually kind of a shallow question but
I'm curious did you see any visual
definition of someone who computes the
magnitude of what is going on it was
just the opposite it was just it's just
grandiose confidence thinking that he
has the power and the popularity and the
influence to handle any trouble that
comes his way he told us that he thinks
the Muller investigation is illegal he
told us that he thinks impeachment in
the house is impossible because he's
doing such a great job he had he had an
answer for everything we would pose all
these problems that were closing in on
him and
he had nothing but but confidence on how
he was gonna handle them and talked
about how he's a more popular president
than people know and that he's looking
forward to the 2020 election and he
thinks he can stop his competitors he
thinks he can make all these these deals
with foreign leaders he nothing he did
not retreat an inch on any issue that we
brought up with him
Susan's what some of these numbers tell
us is that to the extent the press is
trying to Road confidence in
institutions it's not working
63% of Americans support the mauler
investigation 64% of Americans according
to this poll say do not fire jeff
Sessions which he is threatened to do
time and time again and suggested should
happen and an interesting number in here
only 18 percent of Americans support a
pardon for Paul Manafort 18 percent and
that's the really interesting number to
me because the others we see the
president's base that we know hovers
around mid-30s we're seeing it go down
to the low 30s but even his base only
half of his base is willing to look at a
man afford pardon and that's after
Donald Trump has gone out there time and
time again singing what a great job that
men afford is you know or not a great
job but what a stand-up man man afford
is so that makes me think that there is
at least from my point of view a little
hope that people realize that the
president they don't want their
president going too far on this pardon
which also I think is an reflection of
where they are on the Justice Department
supporting the president in these
numbers but independents 67 percent
support the Muller probe that's among
independents yeah with with the public
at large his campaign against Bob Muller
is not working I think that 18% number
is the most striking one that is the
shoot someone on Fifth Avenue caucus
basically when you wonder what is the
absolute bottom for his base with the
ones that will let him get away the name
it's not 35% it's not 40% its 18% the
other notable number I think the
approval rating being 36% in the in
November of 2006 when George Bush lost
the house lost the Senate lost six seats
in the Senate lost dozen seats in the
house his approval rating was at 38% if
the president is at 36% in November this
is one poll it could be an outlier he
could bounce back a little bit but if
he's at 36% in November when Election
Day rolls around we're not going to be
talking about just a democratic house
the Democratic Senate as well that is a
Bismil number for him yeah they're
pretty dismal and let's remember her
this is a man who throughout the
campaign loved to whip out the poll
numbers and say you know look at my
numbers everybody loves me my audience
was so big Casey hunt I well first of
all Donald Trump Donald because I know
you're watching because you have no
discipline you can't help yourself and
you're not sleeping
these are brutal numbers absolutely
brutal it's going badly Casey hunt is
there any other way to look at these
numbers how would you define them I
don't think so honestly and I do it's
clear as Matt was saying that this is
evidence that the Rudy Giuliani
obfuscation confused you know change
facts or the of the matter day in and
day out is not actually taking hold with
a broader span of the electorate and
Phil Rutgers point that that this is
really but the president is running a
base turnout strategy in the midterms
that's reflected in in the polling
numbers as well and you are seeing that
core base but it's getting it's if
anything it's shrinking I think we're
seeing these numbers shrinking and if
there's anything that's gonna change
Republicans in Congress against this
president it's what will result from
these numbers I mean this is you know
you have expressed Mika frustration over
and over again on this show with
Republicans in some ways it's the beauty
of our democracy they're representing
the people that they represent those
people start to turn against this
president I think you're gonna see more
of that but Phil Rooker I'm curious I
know you know this poll inside and out
is there anything buried in it that you
would highlight for us underneath these
top-line numbers we've really touched on
all of it I would just point out that
you know the president likes to think
that he has the support of a lot of
independent voters and our poll shows
that he doesn't that in in almost all of
these measures the majority of
independents and in some cases a large
majority in the 60s excuse me or 70
percent are against him there against
firing sessions they're against doing
anything with Moeller they believe that
he has interfere to obstruct justice so
it's not
just Democrats that have turned against
the president but it's independent
voters as well thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
