if you're having trouble keeping track
of the very long list of Trump scandals
and Trump administration scandals here's
something that really helps according to
a cute Axios Republicans on Capitol Hill
are circulating a spreadsheet among
themselves listing all of the Trump
scandals they have refused to
investigate as they prepare for what
Democrats might investigate if Democrats
take back the house in November here is
a Republicans list of potential Trump
investigations
according to Axios Trumpets tax returns
Trump family businesses Trump's dealings
with Russia the payment to stormy
Daniels James commis firing Trump's
firing of US attorneys Trump's proposed
transgender ban for the military
Treasury Secretary Stephen the Newton's
business dealings White House staff
personal email use cabinet secretary
travel office expenses and other misuse
perks discussion of classified
information at Maher Largo Jerrod
Kushner's ethics law compliance
dismissal of members of the EPA board of
scientific counselors the travel ban
family separation policy hurricane
response in Puerto Rico election
security and hacking attempts and White
House security clearances Republicans
may hope that the list will scare the
Trump base to the polls to protect
Donald Trump from any of those
investigations but as Democratic
congressman Eric's wawel tweeted today
House GOP went so far as to make a list
of objectionable conduct by Donald Trump
so if they know why won't they
investigate this stuff
joining us now congressman Eric swallow
Democrat from California and member of
the Intelligence and Judiciary
Committee's and congressman SWA well
that was one of your angrier tweets
about this but it is kind of
extraordinary to watch the Republicans
basically draw up the preliminary
outlines of an overall indictment of the
ethics of the Trump administration the
Trump family and
and say the the danger to the country is
that this will be investigated if
Democrats are elected
good evening Lawrence he almost went
into Brian Williams is an hour they're
going through that list but you know
what was so concerning for me was that
they know and you know it's as if a
lawyer asked you know their client you
know tell me everything that you did and
they compiled this long list of their
clients exposure except that's the
problem the Republicans view Donald
Trump is their client is someone who
they're supposed to protect and they put
this list out there to their donors to
their base as a reason that they must
keep the majority not to investigate all
of this alarming conduct but to protect
the president from it and so thank you
for the list I say and I can assure the
American people if Democrats are given
the responsibility of leading we will
look into all of this alarming conduct
because we do believe that corruption is
keeping us back from addressing issues
of protecting health care making sure
paychecks grow and protecting our
environment so thank you to the
Republicans but we'll do the right thing
with the list and you may add a thing or
two or that list including Commerce
Secretary Wilbur Ross's it's strange
business dealings to put it mildly since
he has been in office I want to get your
reaction to something the president said
tonight about impeachment he's talking
about impeachment more than ever because
he's obviously worried about a
democratic house beginning impeachment
proceedings against him and he said to
Bloomberg you cannot impeach a president
who's doing a good job what's your
reaction to that he shouldn't worry
we're not gonna impeach the president
who's doing a good job the problem
though is he's not a president who is
doing a good job but what we can't
assure him is that we will give him the
fairest investigation that he's never
given anyone that there will not be a
rush to judgment that we will conduct
thorough investigations and if he has
cross red lines he's not above the law
and we will make sure an impenetrable
bipartisan case is made to the American
people but yeah he doesn't have to worry
about someone doing a good job losing
their job
and the president now is talking about
impeachment more than anyone else in
washing more than any other elected
official in Washington he's done it in
his Fox News interview he did it again
in his Bloomberg interview today talked
about impeachment repeatedly he offered
the the theory on impeachment that not
only that you cannot impeach a president
who's doing a good job but that there's
a very high bar to get over and that all
legal scholars agree that it's
impossible to reach that and anything
like that in what we've seen of the
evidence against Donald Trump what is
your reaction to the president's notion
that there's nothing out there yet that
would even begin to suggest the
possibility of impeachment there's
certainly a lot out there lawrence to
investigate and probe and again we we
will do that but the reason he's talking
about impeachment is because he doesn't
want to talk about what everyday
americans want to talk about and will go
to the polls on again that their health
care costs are gonna go up his open
enrollment starts this fall that wages
are actually in decline and that only
the wealthiest have benefited from his
tax cuts as well as that you know right
now lawrence what we're seeing in this
country is that hard-working people
continue to work hard and it's not
adding up too much over seventy percent
of americans have less than $1,000 and
their savings account he doesn't want us
to talk about any of that or he doesn't
want to talk about the fact that he just
denied millions of federal workers a pay
increase that they rightfully deserved
for working so hard so we're going to
talk about those issues
but we're also going to be able to walk
and chew gum and investigate his
alarming conduct congressman eric swell
well thank you very much for joining us
tonight thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
