this was a magazine that frankly in many
respects should be very respected I've
always said why didn't the National
Enquirer get the Pulitzer Prize alright
so the other top story tonight explosive
new details excuse me about Donald
Trump's a connection to the National
Enquirer and in a moment I'm going to
talk to a former high ranking executive
at the enquires parent company
the New York Times reporting today that
Donald Trump and Michael Cohen devised a
plan to stop or to put a stop at least
to salacious stories the tabloid had on
Trump and it appears to be much more
than the allegations about Trump's
affair with Karen McDougal the Trump
piles reportedly include details on
marriage problems Affairs lawsuits and
allegations of cheating at golf the
details bringing new context to the
secret tapes leaked out by Michael Cohen
taking new listen to that infamous
conversation about buying quote stuff
from the man who was leading the
National Inquirer at the time David
pecker I need to open up a company for
the transfer of all of that info
regarding our friend David you know so
that I'm gonna do that right away I've
actually come up asking me and I've
spoken to Alan weiselberger about how to
set the whole thing up with funding yes
and it's all the stuff all the stuff
because here you never know where that
company you never know what he's gonna
get correct so I'm all over that and I
spoke to Alan about it all right joining
me now here on set is Tuesday come
former senior vice president for
American media that is the parent
company of the national Enquirer's do
great to have you where they saw resumes
yeah lots to talk about here let me
start off by asking you from your
position your experience to what extent
can you confirm or deny that these files
in fact existed and that the National
Inquirer whether it was David Peck or
anyone else maintained these files on
the president well let's look at
journalism as a whole you guys MSNBC NBC
News maintains files on famous people in
case something happens you're ready to
move on a moment's notice The Enquirer
however maintains files based on tips
that they pay for
so when they're paying for a tip it's
not just you know so-and-so wore a nice
outfit today there's some salacious
insight into that buying that tip so by
collecting them and keeping them whether
it's a real file or safe whatever the
image is yeah it keeps them relevant and
also gives them leverage in working with
those people I think some people who
would be watching this with a bit of a
skeptic skeptical I would say why would
a tabloid sit on salacious stories when
it is in the business of selling
salacious stories why would they have
these files on somebody like President
Trump as we outlined and then sit on
them and do nothing with them well it's
about collecting favors more than
anything when you're a media owner and
you have a vast variety of publications
as am i does you interact with a lot of
different people and information comes
your way as you collect famous people
you want to keep them in your favor and
what better way to do that then killing
stories that might embarrass them now
how do you benefit from that in the long
run you keep something that you can use
when you need their help whether it's in
breaking an advertiser that they might
have a connection with or more
importantly helping another publication
that you own that is struggling at the
newsstand and killing a story in the
Inquirer and convincing them to go to
one of the other publications you have
so to that and what was the relationship
like between David pecker and President
Trump from what you've seen well from
what you've heard and observed well
they've been friends they'd been friends
for a really long time David pecker used
to be the owner of a magazine company
called achet√© and they had also had a
wide variety of publications they did
and that's when he and Trump became
friendly and it's been maintaining that
relationship ever since do you think
that David Packer would have an interest
in protecting somebody like Donald Trump
as long as it helped his interest
because one thing you have to remember
about David pecker he is a really smart
businessman and is focused on business
alone friends are a way to get to your
goals when you're a business person
that's how he sees it so collecting
somebody like Trump or other people in
his circle are only there to help
advance it very quickly you surprised
that he took an immunity or was granted
immunity I mean it suggests that he has
a lot of information well it also
suggests a big twist in his relationship
with Trump what does it suggest to you
well I think a while ago pecker noticed
that perhaps the benefits of his
relationship with Trump were ending and
he started to back off at at orally and
supporting him maybe was pushed back
from avert eye
from readers or maybe he's just his he
is a survivor he sense what was
happening and anticipated this ahead of
time all rights to stick around for me
just for a little bit I want to bring
into the conversation near a tendon who
advised the Clinton campaign while it
actually fended off National Enquirer
stories like this one
attacking Clinton's health and accusing
her of corruption and back with us is
John Flannery great to have both of you
joined the conversation ear let me begin
with you
your thoughts learning about the depth
of the relationship between President
Trump and the National Enquirer and what
he tried to do well during the campaign
it really did seem like the National
Enquirer operated as a media arm of the
Trump campaign obviously they had cover
story after a cover story after cover
story of attacking Hillary in really
vicious terms and they had ridiculous
positive puff pieces about Donald Trump
but what I find really shocking about
these revelations is just think of how
much the National Enquirer hurt their
own business sales in the moment by
quashing than this the MacDougal story
and now we're coming to find out that
there's a whole file there I mean it
really does seem pretty corrupt
that they sat on this step during the
campaign in order to really protect
Donald Trump and I think that's it's
interesting that this David pecker is
ensnared and the investigation with
Muller because I think it looks corrupt
in many different ways yeah and we were
actually running some of these headlines
some of the covers from the National
Inquirer these are some of the real
National Enquirer headlines quote
Clinton blackmailed FBI Clinton's
violent rages and liver damage from boos
and Clinton's hitmen paid hush money to
hookers how did Clinton combat all of
these is I think like a really
interesting question but John I want to
get your thoughts about are we expected
to see any more charges arising from
this I mean somebody like David Packard
being granted immunity it for Michael
Cohen in exchange for his cooperation on
Michael Cohen seems somebody as
influential perhaps as powerful as David
Packer would be given immunity for
something bigger than
Michael Cowan oh yeah I I think so also
you can't you can't mix the word
journalism with what the Enquirer does
when in the case of Hillary and you
didn't have this cover up they had her
adopting and alien you know and they put
a picture of the alien on the cover with
Hillary Clinton I mean what kind of
journalistic standards do you have
plainly what they had was it was an arm
of the campaign and more recently and
for the rest of his life it was it would
help him have a rosier image and the
possible offenses if there were
additional women as Ivan Adi suggested
he said there were three more if they
were involved in this campaign context
then there might be additional campaign
violations but there's also the question
about how the money gets from A to B to
C to cover the catch and kill cost that
they have from which they mislead
someone to think they're going to be on
the cover or in the magazine and then
they kill the story and then the first
person doesn't come forward and what
bank accounts do they use and so forth I
think that they give immunity to
somebody like mr. pecker because they
figure that it's worth that trade to get
at the more significant targets and to
rip out this kind of misconduct in a
campaign and perhaps bank fraud and
other things that we don't know about
but we have reason to be concerned about
and to test as an investigative
hypothetical because that's exactly what
happened in Cohen and the Cohen tape
which says that there are more instances
that they want to buy and own themselves
it has always struck me as a bizarre way
to deal with this because what it does
is it identifies for certain that they
were doing this for right Trump whereas
otherwise they might have this
journalistic nonsense covering it up but
they don't have that so still one of the
things I want to ask about is on the
campaign trail President Trump you know
he talked about a lot of things one of
them he pushed the conspiracy theory
about Ted Cruz's dad being involved in
the political assassination of John F
Kennedy
so what extent do you think Donald Trump
had any influence or control over the
National Enquirer not direct control but
how much do you think there was some
kind of dance there between the National
Enquirer and the Trump
campaign no one has control over the in
cart but David Packer right so anything
they did was with his knowledge with his
permission and with a lot of his help so
during the campaign include those covers
that you showed you have to remember the
Enquirer is really the father of fake
news there's no rule that says what you
put on that cover has to be true or what
you put inside yet the value of that
cover is immeasurable no matter what
goes on if you see that cover your maker
that's making recognition in your brain
and whether you believe that image or
not it's affecting how people think do
you think David Packers are being honest
now do you think he's being truthful or
he will be truthful David Peck will be
as truthful as it needs to be to be able
to survive this which is no way to
quantify that right let me ask you
really quickly would you trust a tabloid
during a presidential campaign would I
trust a tabloid now I wouldn't but I
would note the National Enquirer is in
and just in grocery stores across the
country millions of people saw those
covers the fact that they you know kind
of even though they made up excuses
about Hillary's health and lied about
Hillary's health that became a major
issue in the campaign that Trump
attacked over and over and over again
and I think honestly the National
Enquirer had millions of dollars in
essentially free media attacks on
Hillary Clinton and I think what we're
gonna find out is how what level of
coordination there was between David
pecker and Donald Trump himself I do not
think Muller would bring in a media
person unless this went to be on Michael
Cohen there's also a tragic sadness in
all of this that a president who has
constantly used the term fake news in
dealing with mainstream national media
relied on fake news like the National
Enquirer hey I'm already melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our youtube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
