they look at him as if John came from
another age that live by different code
an ancient antiquated code where honor
courage character integrity duty where
it mattered because that was obvious how
John lived his life the truth is John's
code was ageless is ageless welcome back
to hardball that of course former Vice
President Joe Biden speaking this
morning about the life legacy and
character of Senator John McCain during
memorial service in McCain's home state
of Arizona McCain was said to be heavily
involved in the preparations for his own
memorial plans including the people who
will take part in the services from
former President Barack Obama and George
W Bush to an NFL wide receiver even a
Russian dissident according to the New
York Times McCain had carefully
stage-managed a four-day celebration of
his life but what was also an
unmistakable rebuke to President Trump
and his agenda
let's bring in tonight's Roundtable
Terry Dale is a Democratic strategist
noah rothman is an associate editor at
commentary magazine Caitlin Healy burns
as a political reporter for Real Clear
Politics and Heidi Prez Bella a national
political correspondent for NBC News
Tara I'll start with you I I think back
to Ronald Reagan's funeral in in 2004
and Ronald Reagan as a president the
stagecraft of his presidency was it was
a major staple of it and there was a lot
of thought and a lot of preparation into
that into that funeral and that memorial
in terms of what Reagan's long-term
legacy would be what strikes me about
all of the planning or hearing about
here with McCain is yes it's about the
legacy in some way but it's so much
about the current moment as well well I
don't know fully what John McCain was
thinking but I'll say this I think it is
absolutely stunning that he did not want
Donald Trump the sitting president of
the United States who is a member of his
own party who people forget even though
there were times when he rebuked him
publicly overwhelmingly he voted for a
lot of the measures and policies and
laws that that Trump backed so the fact
that he opted to not have him
participate in any way shape or form and
to have the predecessor
his predecessor who we know Trump is a
sees as as the enemy in many ways and
seizes a person he's trying to remake
his own remake Obama's legacy or take
away Obama's legacy the fact that he
chose him and chose not to have Trump is
I think stunning and I think it really
speaks to the moment to put yourself
back in in 2009 and 2010 when McCain had
been defeated by Obama I remember there
was that health care summit at the White
House I think it was early 2010 McCain
came in and you could the tension
between them was palpable in the room
that day and I think that was the day
that Obama looked over at McCain with
the cameras rolling and said John I won
the election in two flash-forward eight
years later a Republican is president
now and it's Obama who will be speaking
at McCain's request and the Republican
president who won't be there yeah I
forget exactly what McCain said in that
moment but it was something like I am
reminded of that every day I'm not sure
whether or not this event has is it's
it's obvious this has something to do
with thrown trumpets obvious this has
something to do at the moment but I
don't think it's about Barack Obama the
man or george w bush the man or joe
biden the man for that matter it is
about tone and a sort of cosmic sense of
what being an American is I don't think
it's about anybody's legacy in
particular or else it would be a
different event it's it's very much
trying to set the stage for what John
McCain wanted this country to be which
is a country that's very fractious every
four years and then forgets it and moves
on and moves past it and and if there's
an in America United American nation and
that was a tone I think that was set
today hopefully it's maintained over the
course of the next couple of days um
it's incumbent on the president I think
a sitting president to to look past this
and so far he has I'm thankful for that
do you think it's the interest that this
is generating we had John Kasich on the
show the other night and he was saying
he was glad but he was also surprised by
the level of interest in this I mean do
you think that's again we could debate
the role that the Trump himself plays in
terms of the planning of this but in
terms of the interest how much is driven
by Trump I think the interest is that it
is such a contrast to the times we have
now I mean here you have McCain had
planned this ceremony this funeral
having you know wanting to have the two
people who denied him the
see twice speak and honor him I think is
so different from the politics of this
moment and so I think that's certainly
the message that's being put forward I
mean whether this lasts we haven't seen
anything really last in in politics in
terms of kumbaya moments but this I
think you're seeing you know a lot of
lawmakers wanting this to be more of the
style of politics than we're seeing now
but it is pretty remarkable just that
contrast that McCain is setting up here
in height a year down there in
Washington that plane carrying John
McCain's casket is on its way to
Washington there will be a memorial
service on Saturday I think tomorrow
something his body will lie in state
there'll be a service there too as I
understand it well what's the reaction
by part the old sort of bipartisan
Washington establishment some of those
folks are still there I guess it's very
different times right now but how are
they going to receive these events over
the next two days well I think it's
going to be a repeat of what we saw in
Arizona today which is that McCain yes
he very carefully stage-managed all of
this to make sure that this was not
about politics that this was about John
McCain doing from the grave what he
believes the current president has been
unable to do which is to remind
Americans of what has always made us
great which is our diversity which ours
our ability to be civil and to put aside
our political differences and be decent
and have character which is the words
that you really heard Joe Biden use a
lot as well as the other speakers if you
saw the speakers who were chosen the
people who are going to be his
pallbearers they come from all different
walks of life they are of all different
ethnicities you had an NFL
african-american legend there you're
going to have a pallbearer who is a
Russian dissident who survived several
poisonings by Putin he really put a lot
of thought into the message there of
uniting Americans but also a strong
message as well in a counterpoint to
President Trump by having folks like
that that Russian dissident pallbearer
and among those who paid tribute this
morning at that memorial service out
there in Phoenix
the wide receiver for the Arizona
Cardinals Larry Fitzgerald he didn't
judge individuals based on the color of
their skin the gender their backgrounds
the political affiliations or their bank
accounts he violated them on the merits
of their character and the contents of
their hearts while some might find our
friendship out of the ordinary it was a
perfect example what made him an iconic
figure of American politics and service
to fellow man he celebrated differences
he embraced humanity champion what was
true and just and saw people for who
they were again I was Larry Fitzgerald
at that memorial service today in
Phoenix the McCain plane is on its way
to Washington DC right now expecting it
to land any minute my hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
