any pretense that the president is
anything less than consumed by legal
pressure that's been building around him
for for nearly two weeks has shattered
the president appears to be really
worried about something he began the day
with an hours-long tenth week tirade
laying bare his concerns when it comes
to the multiple investigations into his
business campaign and presidency and
potentially miring himself further in
accusations of obstruction of justice
take this tweet on White House Counsel
Don began a central witness in the
Muller investigation whose ouster Trump
announced yesterday in a tweet that came
as a surprise even to McGann Trump today
writing quote the rigged Russia
witch-hunt
did not come into play even a little bit
with respect to my decision on Don
McGann my decision that's new is it an
admission admission that Trump himself
pushed McGann out for Trump getting rid
of a Muller witness could take the
obstruction of justice case against him
from bad to worse and that was just one
tweet the president also hit a host of
other flashpoints in Muller's
investigation including his reported
attempts to fire Robert Muller and Jeff
Sessions James commis testimony to
Robert Muller and the Lester Holt
interview where he admitted Russia was
on his mind when he fired Comey
but some of the things he's ranting
about like commis testimony and the
Lester Holt interview aren't even in the
news right now which raises the question
what's really triggering Trump this time
some point to this tweet for a possible
answer
I just cannot state strongly enough how
totally dishonest much of the media is
truth doesn't matter to them they only
have their hatred and agenda this
includes fake books which come out about
me all the time always anonymous sources
and are pure fiction enemy of the people
it could be another hint that another
damaging story or damaging book is
coming soon and the timing couldn't be
worse for Trump allies and advisors the
two the president warned the Washington
Post he's under
paired for the legal challenges that lie
ahead winter is coming
one aide told the post and at the top of
their minds impeachment rudy giuliani
even admitting quote we've talked a lot
about impeachment at different times
joining us now from the Washington Post
White House reporter Ashley Parker Paul
Butler former federal prosecutor now
Georgetown University Law Professor Matt
Miller former chief spokesman for the
Justice Department
Nick confessori New York Times political
reporter and Jonathan Lemire White House
reporter for The Associated Press
Jonathan I'm I'm curious the president
has gone on this ten tweet tirade today
it seems like he's worried about
something the legal cloud is definitely
definitely darkening it's closing in
what's happening right now well quarter
the age that we've talked to people
close to the president it's a sort of a
is a succession of things let's remember
it's not been very long since he had
that one-two-three-four punch of mana
for Cohen whassa Berg pecker all of
these people suddenly either pleading
guilty or suggesting there would be some
degree of cooperation there's other
stuff on the horizon you hinted about a
book Bob Woodward's book is coming soon
next couple of weeks
what's hroub access has he had he has
had you know they've been a little cagey
but they revealed but he's had talked to
a lot of people who will around the
president who and who work in the White
House certainly the comeon Lester Holt
pieces of his tweet storm this morning
those both would connect seemingly to
the obstruction of justice part of this
so it's possible that in conversations
with his lawyers that is something that
the president is particularly concerned
about it is all at once and it's also
let's remember Donald Trump is it doing
that much there's no policy he's rolling
out there's no agenda he's trying to
push right now he is campaigning for the
midterms and he is in the White House in
this cycle of feedback with cable
television and we know how he sees
things on TV he reacts to them TV then
reacts to him and it goes on and on and
on and we saw some steam be let out this
morning and the really remarkable tweet
storm so is that a lot of executive time
yes Ashley Parker Don began and that
Minette other tweet he sent out this
morning saying it was his decision let's
put it up on screen again the rigged
Russia Russia witch-hunt did not come
into play even a little bit with respect
to Midas
Don McCann McGann the White House
responded by saying that my decision on
Tom McGann refers to the president's
decision to accept the terms of the
White House counsel's planned departure
this fall the official confirms that
McGann was not on stood and is leaving
by choice does that line up with the
reporting that you're doing yes and no
so everybody's sort of new and these
pieces got written every several weeks
that dumb again was likely on his way
out sometime this fall likely or
potentially after Cavanaugh's
confirmation went through but we also
know that the president has long clashed
with Dan McGann he was deeply unhappy by
news reports a week or two ago that
began had spent hours with Muller in a
way that Trump didn't fully realize
until he learned that from the news he's
been frustrated with McGann's handling
of some parts of the Russia
investigation he thinks McGann hasn't
sufficiently protected him and the
president says he had sort of agreed to
accept on McGann's resignation but let's
not forget that this resignation came as
a surprise even to mr. McGann himself
who learned about it in the tweet and
that was described to me by people close
to the president as the president kind
of forcing his hand and saying you know
what I'm done with you we're ready to
part ways I'm gonna put this out
publicly in a slightly humiliating
fashion and so you're not gonna have any
wiggle room to maybe stay on should you
change your minds because he wants to be
seen at all times like he is the one
making the decisions it's a couple
things he likes to be the decider he
doesn't like feeling like he is forced
into anything as you know oftentimes if
the media reports he's going to do
something and it's an accurate report he
will not do it or delay doing it just so
it doesn't seem like he's doing what
what people claim he's going to do and
he and Dom again had clashed and he was
kind of ready for him to be gone and he
saw this as a way to publicly ensure
that that does in fact happen Paul how
does someone like Special Counsel Robert
Muller see a tweet like that where he
says my decision yeah you know you just
put it in the pile with the rest for a
prosecutor who's thinking about an
obstruction of justice case Donald
Trampas kind of a dream defendant
because he constantly makes
incriminating admissions and his tweets
and his interviews and in his statements
and so what he said today it's not quite
as bad as when he said to call me can
you give me a loyalty pledge or when he
wrote that memo about the meeting with
the Russian lawyer that was a complete
lie but this is yet more corroboration
of his intent his criminal intent I'd
say he is running scared in this
investigation and he's doing everything
he can to try to impede it Matt do you
think it's that simple that a tweet like
this or many tweets this nature are
enough to to lead
Robert Muller into an obstruction case
or does he need more than that I think
with every action the president has
taken you look at a few that are the big
actions that would form the heart of an
obstruction case the firing of Jim Comey
going to the intelligence community and
asking them to get told me to back off
the Flint investigation but then there
are a bunch of other series of actions
that you would put together that
collectively look like obstruction of
justice and collectively show his intent
with respect to his tweet this morning I
think it would it would depend on what
he was trying to accomplish is it true
is it true that he fired him because he
was a witness in this case or was it
just the end of their natural tenure at
the minimum the president was so
reckless with his tweet because what he
has done is given the special counsel a
reason now to call White House witnesses
that he may have been done with back in
and say what's happened over the last
few weeks did the president tell you
that he was going to fire this fire Don
began because he came in and talked to
me for 30 hours did he express anger
about that so whether or not that's what
he did he opened a new avenue of inquiry
yet again what about the other tweets
and and particularly this one where he
says I'm very excited about the person
who'll be taking the place of Don Magan
as White House Counsel
I like Don but he was not responsible
for me not firing Bob Muller or Jeff
Sessions so much reporting in fake news
I'm confused by the construction of this
suite because is this him confirming
that he did consider or did try to fire
Bob Muller or Jeff Sessions and
wasn't the one who stopped him or is he
saying that he never tried to do these
things can you make sense of it it's
hard to know it looks a bit like an
admission that he did it it doesn't
really matter I think whether he admits
it or not because we know that he did
and the special counsel knows he did the
special counsel has interviewed all of
the people that were in the room he
spent 30 hours with Don began he's
interviewed Reince Priebus he's
interviewed everyone that worked in the
White House when the President did take
these actions I think one of the
interesting things about Don Magan if
you look at that tweet I think the
president has figured out that Don
McGann has been trying to build it to
get out of jail free card at Donald
Trump's expense dog Don began was at the
center of some of the you know that the
early troubling actions he was the one
that talked to Sally Yates and said why
would the what why would the Justice
Department care if Mike Flynn lied to
the vice president about his contact
Sergey kiss Lea
he was the one who went to Jeff sessions
at the president's request and said
would you consider not recusing yourself
in this case I think he figured out
early on he had legal exposure and he
spent a lot of time talking to the
Special Counsel to make sure he got out
of any legal jeopardy and making clear
that everyone in the world knew about it
by a series of well-timed leaks to the
New York Times and the reporting has
been out there that because he felt he
had exposure because he felt that Donald
Trump and and his legal team was gonna
throw him under the bus that he needed
to be as transparent as possible now
it's very clear the White House doesn't
know exactly what McGann said there's
just other reporting from your paper
Nick that came out a few months ago but
I think it's worth bringing up again
this is about the president asking Don
began to fire Muller and then when the
New York Times found out about it he
told him again to deny it and began had
to say this in one episode the president
told an aide that the White House
Counsel Don McGann should issue a
statement denying a New York Times
article in January the article said mr.
McGann told investigators that the
president once asked him to fire the
Special Counsel Robert Muller
mr. Regan never released a statement and
later had to remind the president that
he had indeed asked mr. McGann to see
that mr. Muller was dismissed that
people said look this is this is a
president who's almost incapable of
keeping a story straight for more than a
day he changes his story any changes
motivations in his actions all the time
I think more broadly just look at the
toolkit with which Donald John can
constructed a success in business and
politics he used payoffs
he used fixers Hughes NDA's secrecy
right these were all these tools that he
used they are all crumbling around him
he can't enforce the NDA's his lawyers
and his fixers are testifying or
cooperating against him and he can't buy
his way into cooperation with some of
the people people who were against him
and his own an ability to show loyalty
to his own people is coming back to
haunt him they're all turning on him
that's a terrible place for him to be
I'm not all surprised he's firing off a
machine gun I'm tweets all the time on
ten different topics
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
