we got new reporting tonight from the
New York Times President Trump in
michael cohen according to their
reporting hatched a plan to buy all of
the dirt that the National Enquirer had
collected on him dating back as far as
the 1980s according to sources quote the
move by mr. Trump and mr. Cohen
indicated just how concerned they were
about all the information amassed by the
company American media and its chairman
David Peck are a loyal Trump ally of two
decades who has cooperated with
investigators the plan though was never
finalized in April the New York Times
reported at pecker Trump and Cohen had
all strategized about how the company
could protect the candidate and attack
his political enemies in a tape released
to the press back in July you can hear
the president in michael cohen seemingly
hinting at the plan let's listen i need
to open up a company for the transfer of
all of that info regarding our friend
david you know so that i'm gonna do that
right away
i've actually come up to me and i just
broke into alan weiselberger about how
to set the whole thing up yes and it's
all the stuff all the stuff because here
you never know where that company you
never know where he gets it correct so
I'm all over that and I spoke to Alan
about it when it comes time for the
financing which will be
last week the Associated Press broke the
news that the National Enquirer had a
safe filled with contracts detailing
payments to individuals who had
incriminating stories about our
embarrassing stories about Donald Trump
for more I'm joined by Jim Ruttenberg
the new york times media columnist who
broke this story today Jim thanks for
joining us so let's take us to it first
of all this idea that The Enquirer has
got all sorts of stuff on Trump going
back to the 1980s it's the Enquirer we
know the nature of the stories they tend
to be interested in and there was almost
a deal to transfer that to the Trump
campaign when did this happen why did it
break down what were the terms would it
have been the period that we're looking
at is that period in the kind of late
August early September Donald Trump and
Michael Cohen now Michael tones
implicated the van candidate Trump in
this it's already had struck a deal with
the Playboy model Karen McDougal who is
alleging an affair and The Enquirer
bought that story and metaphorically put
it in that safe so what dawns on mr.
Cohan and mr. Cohen says mr. Trump and
mr. Cohn says mr. Trump directed this is
hey you know this is not good my secrets
are with a third party a good friend
David pecker but an act of God may smite
him a truck may strike him and then my
secrets are no longer so safe so they
have to plan to do this deal this deal
does not happen all we know is from the
prosecutors documents last week that the
mcdougal deal almost happens where
contracts are signed money almost
changes hands where they're gonna buy
her story do we know what the ballpark
would have been what kind of money they
were willing to pay for this I don't
know the ballpark they MacDougal story
they're paying 125,000 dollars for that
would have been a loss for The Enquirer
because the Enquirer bought her story
for 150 plus some other things I guess
they would have gotten to hold on to so
we don't know dollar figure and we
really can't say if it got to the point
where they knew what that dollar figure
would be because that is not the deal
that it did they know did the Enquirer
give them a a sort of a here's the
library of stuff we have take a look
figure out what it's worth to you or was
it sort of just a more vague they've got
some stuff we're not sure what it is but
it's better if we have it we only know
what we've reported so far now here's
the interesting thing we all may learn a
lot more about this if the investigation
that
- Michael cones guilty plea last week
keeps going and maybe we'll learn a bit
more of what was at stake here and that
could be very important in the
investigation the other thing I guess
this gets to a bigger question - about
the nature of the relationship between
Trump and the Enquirer because on the
one hand this is a friend this is David
pecker the the the payments in the
campaign in 2016 have sort of been
presented as this was pecker gonna keep
it from going to the press he would buy
up the story that would do the Trump to
the Trump team a favor this though reads
more like his Trump being held up here
essentially like hey we got these goods
would be a shame if they came at oh I
really don't think so I really
absolutely knew they could trust David
pecker they absolutely did but there are
also some rumors going around them that
Michael Cohen apparently was hearing
that mr. pecker could leave and try to
go there was a rumor he buy time maybe
separately for me am i that's the rumor
they were hearing at least I mean I
guess the question that occurs to me
just looking at it is if peckers a
friend why did he say hey guys I don't
want your money I want you to win the
presidency here's everything go take it
and burn it in a field some it's still a
business right a lot of resources went
into that material long before David
before David pecker was even the
chairman this is decades of stuff that
reporters had a thing of value
so David pecker is known to be a
businessman he is he's not gonna put
friendship over over business to that
degree so it looked like an arrangement
could have possibly happened it didn't
but again those prosecutors will maybe
find out a little bit more about what
was behind it and Jim was alluding this
but last week David pecker of course was
granted immunity by federal prosecutors
in order to provide information about
Michael Cohen and president Trump's hush
money payments to various women Allen
weiselberger the chief financial officer
for the Trump Organization was also
granted immunity by federal prosecutors
in Manhattan weiselberger has been close
to the Trump family since the 70s
Bloomberg News asked the president about
his cooperation the president told
Bloomberg that he 100% didn't feel
betrayed because weiselberger
cooperation was related to quote a very
limited period of time and that has been
my understanding here from with a legal
expert are saying the weiselberger
cooperation different maybe than the
than the term we as we normally
understand it I mean that's
understanding as well he hasn't been
fired from the Trump Organization I
don't think they would keep him around
if they thought he betrayed the company
or the president
and the other thing is imagine if he had
pleaded the fifth because that was an
option right so you'd have if you had
the CFO of the Trump Organization
pleading the fifth that would be a bad
look so especially when it's this
limited it's interesting too just
because either the Trump going back to
the 1980s I mean he had a relationship
with the New York within the near sands
with National Enquirer going back that
far potentially as it as a source yeah
amazing I mean the reason this story is
so fundamentally American and so even
Palm Beach right is that the Enquirer
roads in Palm Beach Mar lagos and Palm
Beach
they were the Trump was a staple of the
of their publication he created
incredible stories David pecker comes in
and cleans it up for Donald Trump now
long ago and he's protected by the thing
that very much fed off of him right Jim
room but very interesting hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
