that's Jeremy now is Kara Swisher she is
the executive editor of the technology
news website re/code I see all right
let's start with the president's
accusation and then I want to go to
something that I think he's touching on
that actually is relevant okay this
conversation so obviously he's going
after Google and it's all part this is
you know Steve Bannon ranted about this
a long time ago and he did a bunch last
week and he's done it to Amazon Amazon
Washington Post that's right he is yeah
I'm part of it is he maybe he doesn't
understand the tech world no but I think
that's a big part of it but the other
part of it
it just feels ironic it's like is he
saying that you guys must stink because
I was able to manipulate your system and
look what I did I mean I don't mean to
be that yeah is there any basis to his
attack no none whatsoever and I'm not
one to defend the tech industry you know
that I'm sort of I'm very particular
about certain things they've done and
I'm very interesting hearings next week
or a lot of the leaders are gonna come
and some of the problems they had with
Cambridge analytic and things like that
but in this case he's completely wrong
he doesn't know what he's talking about
I want to go to that State of the Union
attack because this is the problem
that's happening on social media irony
is and it's basically Twitter has
allowed this to happen whether they like
it or their their platforms been used
for this which is and it's been
regularly done Matt Gaetz as a
congressman that has done this Kevin
McCarthy as a congressman has done this
where they retweet stuff that they say
this is how they're biased against
conservatives but it turns out to be
fake accusations like the fake
accusation about stay tuned all these
false accusations but it's been it gets
like 32,000 retweets if he doesn't like
something so people still believe it
well you know I wrote a column in The
New York Times saying this is codswallop
I just was I tried to find a word that
you could look up on Google very easily
but the fact the matter is conservative
voices are very loud on social media so
are liberal voices so we're crazy voices
so are comedians and so it was everyone
and this particular group of people has
actually been advantaged by it because
they were largely left out of the
mainstream media like Fox News came
along now they have all these platforms
to discuss things on and there's been
this sort of online rage fest among them
that they are not heard and and if the
line I use is the people that talk
allowed us about not being heard never
shut up and I think we can all agree
that Donald Trump uses Twitter quite a
bit one of the mistakes we in the in the
mainstream media
during when these false accusations
against us being biased for 40 years
happen is we started believing on maybe
we're biased and we got to oh wait we
can't look by so then we created a lot
of false equivalency issues yes okay it
looks to me like Silicon Valley's about
to fall into that trap how did they not
fall into that trap by ignoring it
completely look at what Jeff Bezos is
doing every time he comes after him he
just doesn't say a word I think Google
has to just say this is not true and
move along and stuff like that and
obviously there again are issues that
all these companies should face you know
of things they've done but not this one
all right but I want to get in an issue
that I actually thought Steve ban and
address very in him getting he ranted at
the end but he actually I thought
touched on something that that I've
gotten into which is who's gonna
regulate the algorithms right at the end
of the day they're not wrong that these
algorithms none of us know what we have
they have all of our information
Steve Bannon made a recommendation that
I didn't think was a bad one which was
should our prior info at least be in a
public trust of some sort that they can
access all the time and we get that but
I by what he's talking about there at
some point we have to figure out how to
regulate the algorithm so at least we
know if they're being abused well no I
know that's the problem is you can't do
that that's such then make Google an
entity of the government no you wouldn't
make it well then how do we regulate
another we don't well because they're
big companies and they're they're the
ones in charge of the wait just wait CBS
used to be in charge of the okay but if
Google writes an algorithm then somehow
directs all right let me do it a better
one let's say one of the no monster.com
like a employment site and their
algorithm seems to always leave out
people of color right that's my point
how do you you know they could say oh we
just wrote an algorithm we didn't know
was gonna do that right well I think the
problem is who is who's making these
things that's one of the big issues
being discussed in Silicon Valley like
AI you know there's an you know the old
expression crap in crap out and so you
know if certain people are only the ones
designing that what happens but that's
been the internet the internet has
largely been designed by the same small
group of people that still doesn't mean
that you should have a government entity
any of that right let me go to a
consumer thing okay and so I want to
know that I am getting I am I'm being
treated as a consumer equally in the
state of Texas as I am in the state of
North Dakota yeah and if an Amazon
algorithm decides boy and Texas you have
more money you can afford to pay this
because I know this by where you live
and all this stuff in a North way I'm
getting that's not fair as a consumer
that's called marketing and retail for
the past hundred years no i don't i get
it but on the other hand if they're if
it's unfair practices how is it that
we're gonna get well why should why
should it be well here's the thing
privacy issues yes i think there's
probably gonna privacy bill especially
if the democrats come into power i'm
absolutely certain there'll be some sort
of there's been one in california that's
been somewhat controversial but there
will be a national privacy bill at some
point given all these issues are gonna
look like europe i don't know probably
not i don't think the US regulators have
ever been as strong as the ones in
europe but again there's an
international issues too because the
europeans are doing something different
the chinese will do something different
everyone and around the world and in a
global society will do something
different what's next week going to look
like twitter and facebook
i don't know it depends on who shows up
i mean if we get jack dorsey and sheryl
sandberg now there's been calls to bring
a Larry Page who's one of the founders
of Google it probably will be sundar
Pichai I think they're going to quiz
them I hope they don't quiz them on all
this weathers conservatives can speak up
or whether anybody can speak up they
should talk about issues of the of the
meddling in the elections they should
talk about privacy they should talk
about how did this how did their
platforms get hijacked by the Russian
government these are critical issues not
whether Donald Trump is loud enough on
the Internet which I think he is I feel
we he has plan we just got to say the
Internet has been good to Donald Trump
right that's what I said they should I
dunno time should send tech a gold
embossed thank-you note for the things
that it has done giving him tools and
all kinds of ways to get in office right
so I guess it was the industry to
regulate no no does the industry is it
ready to come and say hey look we know
we we know we've gotten this big and we
need help figuring X out right are they
ready to at least do that with
government I think they have to engage
more government but as you saw from the
Zuckerberg hearings the politicians
really are almost clueless about
technology and it was embarrassing and
everyone used to say Oh mark did really
well I said well it's a very low bar so
no he didn't but
they did badly I would love mr.
Zuckerberg to come here well I know and
I would lay it though they haven't liked
none of them will paid up I love to be
quizzed by some of those members of
Congress - yeah yeah I would like some
members of Congress who actually knows
something about technology to do the
quizzing but that's you know I think
it's time to let them staffers yeah do
do the quizzing at all do you expect any
sort of I think Donald farm junior said
well we're gonna have a conservative
alternative is that even plausible out
there sure not a realistic can do it
it's a big widen right but it's who is
there anybody out that actually could do
it you know there was rumors of Peter
Thiel and Steve ban and getting together
I keep hearing them getting together and
creating their own I'm sure there'll be
a digital element to it if they do it
there's all kinds of rumors are on that
obviously Fox News has digital elements
are you kidding there's so many
conservative publications on the
internet now
Breitbart all the others they've had
Dave the Internet's been very very good
to them yeah so I don't know if they
should complain quite Sigma I think
their biggest complaint is called
capitalism yeah Kara Swisher thank you
Anna much appreciated
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more be two
press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
