my name is Jill Biden I'm a Democrat and
I love John McCain I have had the
dubious honor over the years of give me
some eulogies for fine women and men
that I've admired but Lindsey this one's
hard the three men who have spoken
before me I think captured John
different aspects of John in a way that
only someone close to him could
understand but the way I look at it why
I thought about it was that I always
thought of John as a brother
we had held a lot of family fights we go
back a long way I was a young United
States Senator I got elected I was 29
and I was had the dubious distinction
being put on the Foreign Relations
Committee which the next youngest person
was 14 years older than me
and I I spent a lot of time traveling
the world because I was assigned
responsibilities my colleagues in the
Senate know I was chairman of the
European affairs subcommittee so I spent
a lot of time on NATO and then the
Soviet Union and along came a guy a
couple years later the guy I knew of
admired from afar your husband who had
been the prisoner of war who
enormous enormous pain and suffering and
demonstrated the code the the McCain
code people don't think much about it
today but imagine having already known
the pain you were likely to endure and
being offered the opportunity to go home
but say no as the son can tell you the
Navy last one in last one out so I knew
of John and John became the Navy liaison
officer in the United States Senate
there was an office then he used to be
on the basement floor of members of the
military who are assigned to senators
when they travel abroad to meet with
heads of state or other foreign
dignitaries and John had been recently
released on the Hanoi Hill a genuine
hero and he became the Navy liaison Oh
for some reason we we hit it off from
the beginning we were both full of
dreams and ambitions and an overwhelming
desire to make the time we had there
worthwhile to try to do the right thing
to think about how we could make things
better for the country we loved so much
and John and I ended up traveling every
time I went and
I took John with me or John took me with
him and we were at a China Japan Russia
Germany France England Turkey all of the
world tens of thousands of miles and and
we would sit on that plane and late in
the night when everyone else was asleep
and just talk getting to know one
another we talk about family you talk
about politics you talk about
international relations you talk about
promise the promise of America because
we both cockeyed optimist and really
believe that there's not a single thing
beyond the capacity of this country I
mean for real not a single thing and and
when you get to know another woman or
man you get to know their hopes and
their fears you get another family
before you meet them you get to know how
they feel about really important is we
talked about everything except captivity
and the loss of my family which had just
occurred my wife and daughter
only two things we didn't talk about but
I found that it wasn't too long into
Jon's duties that Jill and I got married
and Jill is here with me today five
years I had been a single dad and no man
deserves one great love let alone two
and I met Jill to change my life and and
she fell in love with him and he with
her he know his colorist as Lindsay
later we travel and as caller Gillian
and and matter of fact when they get
bored being with me on these trips I
remember going to see Ken and Lisa and
Greece and he's finally just take Jill
to dinner I later learned that there
and a cafe and at the port and he has
her dancing on top of cement table
drinking news Oh chilly rightly so but
we got to know each other well
and he loved my son boned my son hunt as
a young man who came up to my house he'd
come up to to Wilmington and how did
this go a great friendship that
transcended whatever political
differences we had or later developed
because above all above all we
understood the same thing all politics
is personal it's all about trust I
trusted John with my life and I would
but I think he would trust me with his
we both knew then from our different
experiences that and as I like progress
we learned even more that there are
times where life can be so cool painting
so blinding it's hard to see anything
else
there's the disease that took John's
life took our mutual friends Teddy's
life the exact same disease nine years
ago a couple days ago and three years
ago it took my beautiful son Bo's life
it's brutal it's relentless it's
unforgiving and it takes so much from
those we love and from the families who
love them that in order to survive we
have to remember how they lived not how
they died
I carry me with with me an image of all
sitting out in a little lake we live on
starting a motor
the whole boat smiling away but not
the last days I'm sure Vicky Kennedy has
their own image maybe look looking
seeing Teddy looking so alive on a
sailboat out on the Cape and to the
family for the family you will all find
your own images whether to remember his
smile his laugh or touching the shoulder
or just running his hand down your cheek
or just feeling like someone was looking
at and turning and see him just smiling
at you but this is just looking at you
or when you saw the seer joy the crossed
his face the moment he knew he's about
to get up and take his stage in the
Senate floor and start a fight
God he loved his soda Scindia to the
kids Doug Andy Sydney
Megan Jack Jimmy Bridget and I know
she's not here but to miss indicate we
know how difficult is to bury a child
listen the kid my heart goes out to you
and I know right now the pain you're all
are feeling is so sharp is so Halloween
and John's absence is all-consuming for
all of you right now it's like being
sucked into a black hole inside your
chest it's frightening but I know
something else unfortunately from
experience that there's nothing anyone
can say or do to ease the pain right now
but I pray I pray you take some comfort
knowing that because you shared John
with all of us your whole life the world
now shares with you the ache of John's
death look around this magnificent
church look what you saw coming at the
State Capitol yesterday it's hard to
stand there but part of it part of it
was at least it was for me with boasted
in the state capitol you knew it was
genuine it was deep he touched so many
lives and I've gotten calls not just
because people know we were friends not
just some people around the country but
leaders around the world calling me then
I'm getting all these sympathy letters I
mean hundreds of them
and tweets character is destiny
John had character while others will
miss his leadership and his passion even
his stubbornness you're gonna miss that
hand on your shoulder the family you're
gonna miss the man faithful man as he
was who you would knew would literally
not figuratively give his life for you
and for that there's no bomb but time
time in your memories of a life lived
well they'll live fully but I make you
promise I promise you the time will come
because what's gonna happen is six
months will go by and everybody's gonna
think well it's past but you're gonna
ride by that field or smell that
fragrance or see that flashing image
they're gonna feel like you did the day
you got the news but you know you're
gonna make it when the image of your dad
your husband your friend
it crosses your mind and a smile comes
to lip before tear to your eye that's
what you know and I promise you I give
you my word I promise you this I know
that they will come but they will come
you know I'm sure like former colleagues
and all who work with John I'm sure
there's people who have said to you not
only now but the last ten years
explain this guy to me right
explain this guy to me because as they
looked at it in one sense they admired
him but in one sense they the way things
have changed so much in America they
look at him as if John came from another
age that live by different code an
ancient antiquated code where honored
courage character integrity Duty were it
mattered because that was obvious how
John lived his life but the truth is
John's code was ageless is ageless when
you talked earlier grant he talked about
values they wasn't about politics with
John he could disagree on substance
because the underlying values that
animated everything John did everything
he was could come to a different
conclusion but where he part company
with you if you lack the basic values of
decency respect knowing this project is
bigger than yourself John's stories
American story
that's not hyperbole it sounds like it's
the American story grounded in respect
and decency basic fairness the
intolerance for the abuse of power many
of you have traveled the world look how
the rest of the world of Tory she looks
at us then look at us a little naive
we're so fair was a decent where the
naive Americans but that's who we are
that's who John was and he could not
stand the abuse of power wherever he saw
it in whatever form in whatever country
noise about basic values John fairness
honesty dignity respect giving hate no
safe harbor leaving no one behind and
understanding as Americans were part of
something much bigger than ourselves
with John who was a value set this knew
it was neither selfish nor self-serving
John understood that America was first
and foremost an idea audacious and risky
organized around not tribe but around
ideals think of how he approached every
issue the ideals and Americans have
rallied around for over 200 years the
ideals of the world has repaired do an
idea enshrined in the Constitution
sounds corny we hold these truths elf
evident that all men are created equal
endowed by their creator with certain
inalienable rights - John those words
had meaning because they had for every
great Patriot that has never served
country we both love the Senate proudest
years of my life for being the United
States Senator and I was honored to be
vice president but being a United States
Senator and we both lamented watching
the change during long debates in the
80s and 90s some of the colleagues
around then would know I'd always go
over and sit next to John next to his
seat and he'd come over and the
Democratic side and sit next to me no
I'm not joking because we sit there and
we talk to each other and I can remember
the day when I came out to see John we
were reminisced about it it was in 96
and we were about to adjourn for we call
the caucuses there's a luncheon once a
week that all the Democratic senators
have lunch together and all the
Republican senators and we both went
into our caucus and coincidentally we
were approached by our caucus leaders
with the same thing and it raised as a
discussion Joe it doesn't look good you
sit next to John all the time on me
swear to God same thing was said to John
in your caucus
that's when things began to change for
the worse in America in the Senate
that's what we changed what happened was
at those times it was always appropriate
to challenge another senators judgment
but never appropriate to challenge their
motive when you challenge their motive
it's impossible to get to go if I say
you're doing this because you're being
paid off if I say you're doing this
because you're not a good Christian if I
say you're doing this because you're
this that I think it's impossible to
reach consensus think about in your
personal lives but all we do today is
attack the opposition's of both parties
their motives not the substance of their
argument this is the mid-90s well it
began to go downhill from there the last
day John was on the Senate floor with
was he fighting to do he's fighting to
restore what we call regular order to
start to treat one another again like we
used to scent was never perfect John you
know that we were there a long time
together but I'd watch Teddy Kennedy and
James O Eastland fight like hell on
civil rights and then go have lunch
together down to Senate on you
John wanted a seat quote regular order
writ large get to know one another
you know John and I were both amused and
I think Lindsay was at one of these
events where John and I received two
prestigious awards the last year I was
vice president and then one immediately
after for our dignity and respect we
showed to one another we received an
award for civility in public life it was
a College Allegheny County puts a
college puts out this prestigious award
every year for bipartisanship John I'd
look each other say what hell's going on
here no not a joke I say to Senator
flake that's how it always supposed to
be you're getting an award
Don I'm serious think about this getting
an award for your civility getting an
award for bipartisanship I'm classy John
I want Allegheny College of hundreds of
people there and got the award John the
Senate was in session and so he spoke
first and as he walked off the stage and
I walked on he looked at me he said Joe
don't take it personally but I just
don't want to hear what tell you had to
say
one of John's major campaign people is
now with the Senate with the governor of
Ohio was on this morning have a shaving
happened to watch it and he said that
Biden and McCain had this strange
relationship
this always seemed of each other's back
whenever I was in trouble John was the
first guy there and I hope I was there
for him and we never hesitate to give
each other advice he called me a memo
campaign said what the hell did you say
that for but not an issue like you just
screwed up Joe you know and I'd
occasionally call him look I've been
thinking this week about why John's
death has hit the country so hard yes he
was a long-serving senator with a
remarkable record yes he was a two-time
presidential candidate to capture the
support and imagination the American
people and yes John was a war hero a
demonstrated extraordinary courage I
think of John and I must say my son when
I think of Ingersoll's words when the
will defies fear when duty throws the
gauntlet down to faith when honor scorns
to compromise with death that his hair
wasn't but he knows that about John but
I don't think it fully explains why the
country has been so taken by John's
passing I think it's something more
intangible I think it's because they
knew John believed so deeply and so
passionately in the soul of America that
he made it easier for them to have
confidence in faith in America
his faith and the core values of this
nation made them somehow feeling more
genuinely themselves his conviction that
we as a country would never walk away
from the sacrifices generations of
Americans have made to defend liberty
and freedom and human dignity around the
world
it made average Americans proud of
themselves and their country his belief
and it was deep that Americans can do
anything we stand anything achieve
anything was both unflagging and
ultimately reassuring if this man
believed that so strongly his capacity
that we truly are the world's last best
hope that were the beacon to the world
that there are principles and ideals
greater than ourselves and worth
suffering sacrificing for and if
necessary dying for Americans saw how he
lived his life that way and they knew
the truth of what he was saying I just
think he gave Americans confidence john
was a hero his character courage honor
integrity but I think the thing is under
meant under stated though is his
optimism that's what made John special
made John a giant among all of us but in
my view John didn't believe that
America's future and fate rested on
heroes who we used to talk about and I
like most about him is he understood
what I hope we all remember heroes
didn't build this country ordinary
people being given half a chance or
capable doing extraordinary things
extraordinary things John knew ordinary
Americans understood that each of us has
a duty to defend the integrity dignity
and birthright of every child they carry
but good communities are built by
thousands of small acts of decency that
America's as I speak today show each
other every single day
that very deep in the DNA of this
nation's soul lies the flame that was a
little over 200 years ago that each of
us carries with us and each one of us
has the capacity the responsibility and
we can screw up the courage to ensure
this not extinguished as a thousand
little things that make us different
bottom line was I think John believed in
us I think he believed in the American
people not just all the preamble so
constitute he believed in the American
people all 325 million of us even though
John is no longer with us
he left us pretty clear instructions
quote believed always in the promise and
greatness of America because nothing is
inevitable here close to the last thing
John said took the whole nation as he
knew he was about to depart that's what
he wanted America to understand not to
build his legacy he wanted America
remind him to understand I think John's
legacy is going to continue to inspire
and challenge generations of leaders as
they step forward and John McCain's
impact in America is not over it's not
hyperbole it is not over I don't think
he's even close Cindy John owed so much
of what he was to you you were his
ballast there when I was ever with you
both I could
just see how you looked at you Jill's
the one when we were in Hawaii and he
first met you there he he kept staring
at you and Jill finally single up and
talked to her
and Doug and Annie is Sydney Meghan Jack
Jimi Bridget you may not have had your
father as long as you would have liked
but you got from him everything you need
to pursue your own dreams to follow the
course of your own spirit you are a
living legacy not hyperbole you're a
living legacy and proof of John McCain's
success now John's going to take his
rightful place in a long line of
extraordinary leaders in this nation's
history who in their time and in their
way
stood for freedom and stood for liberty
and have made the American story the
most improbable and the most hopeful and
most enduring story on earth I know John
said he hoped he played a small part in
that story John he did much more than
that my friend
to paraphrase Shakespeare we shall not
see his like again
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
