and heard that he body slammed a
reporter I said oh this is terrible he's
going to lose the election then I said
well wait a minute I know Montana pretty
well I think it might help him and it
did President Trump defending a
congressman's attack on a journalist
because it worked to Republicans
advantage at the polls it is not the
first time we have seen this kind of
scorched earth approach to the
presidency it was just last weekend on
60 minutes he defended his attack on dr.
Christine Blasi Ford at a rally where he
publicly mocked her testimony you
mimicked professor philosopher do you
mimicked her had I not made that speech
we would not have won I was just saying
she didn't seem to know anything but you
seem to be saying that she lied what you
know what I'm not gonna get into it
because we won it doesn't matter we won
with us to talk about it all of it Bill
Kristol a veteran of the Reagan and Bush
administration's editor-at-large of the
Weekly Standard what he's doing in Los
Angeles we'll never know but bill thank
you very much for making time for us I
have to ask you about the ends justify
the means this a guy whose name has been
on a ballot once what about the GOP
members of Congress who come up every
two years who have to run different
kinds of campaigns and they have to run
on the results yeah well let's see what
happens in a couple of weeks in the
election you know just not true that
these tactics necessarily are winning
tactics the Republican in Montana won a
very close race and a race that should
have been a 20-point Republican victory
as I recall Cavanaugh got confirmed
because flake and Collins insisted on an
extra week the FBI look they at least
inflating Collins's judgment didn't find
anything that really confirmed mrs.
Ford's you know account and they felt
they could go ahead and confirm
Cavanaugh it's not clear the Trump
helped at all if it's not a single vote
he brought over so he takes credit for
these things and then he associates
these the victory in these matters to
degree there are victories with his
rhetoric and one really would be buts
about the Republican side I mean that's
what's so dangerous I think well here's
something else we heard Rudy Giuliani
say
was a Newt Gingrich on Fox News earlier
this week if they're successful in the
run-up to the midterms this campaign
will be about two words Kavanagh caravan
we got aerial pictures of the caravan
between Guatemala and Mexico this bridge
of humanity later we saw people jumping
into the water bill is this an issue
that will cut well for at least the
Trump base of the GOP I mean the Trump
people believe they won the Republican
primary because of their stance on
immigration because of the sense on
Muslim the Muslim ban their stance on
Mexicans their stance on the border wall
I don't know if it helped in the general
election or not I don't know able to see
but we're getting works this is why this
election is so important in two weeks
it's important obviously who wins out
who wins the Senate governorships
the usual reasons why elections matter
it matters who's governing the country
but it really is also will be taken so
much I think by Republicans in
particular as of something of a verdict
on Trump I mean Trump managed to win in
2016 when people didn't expect him to
McCain had lost Romney had lost you
could argue so you're blue in the face
I've evolved it was a much tougher
candidate than Hillary Clinton and there
all kinds of reasons that McCain and
Obama and Romney lost but nonetheless
Trump's seem to have the magic sauce
that produced victory if Republicans
outperform this in a couple of weeks if
they hold the Senate and pick up a
couple of seats and do less badly in the
House pull some surprises and then I'm
afraid I see very little resistance
unfortunately from my point of view in
the Republican Party or in the
conservative movement almost to these
kinds of tactics to this kind of
rhetoric even though it seems so
obviously in my judgment bad for the
country
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
