the New York Times reports this morning
that in 2016 then candidate Donald Trump
along with this lawyer at the time
Michael Cohen devised a plan to buy up
all the dirt the National Enquirer Choir
and its parent company had collected on
the future president dating back to the
1980s the plan which was never finalized
indicated just how concerned they were
about all the information amassed by the
company American media and its chairman
David pecker a loyal Trump ally of two
decades who has cooperated with
investigators it remains unclear whether
the proposed plan has attracted the
interest of federal prosecutors in New
York who last week obtained the guilty
plea from Cohen over a $130,000 payment
to stormy Daniels and also payments to
Karen McDougal it's not known how much
of the material on Trump is still in
American media's possession lawyers for
both Trump and Cohen declined to comment
on The Times article as did American
media we will just let that sit there
just think about that joining us now
though Democratic mayor of New York City
Bill de Blasio along with parkland
Florida shooting Savarin a survivor and
co-founder of the March for our lives
David hog they're here to announce a new
partnership between student activists
and mayor's across the country to get
younger voters more engaged Mike
Barnicle Eddie Glaude jr. you Michel
sander and Rick Tyler all still with us
as well mr. mayor thanks for being with
us want to ask you a few big-picture
broader questions and then we want to
focus on and your plans and your new
partnership here the tone of of politics
as we lead up to the midterms and look
toward the midterms I want to ask from a
democratic perspective with the
president warning of violence if the
Democrats win and the race for governor
in Florida already being tinged with
racism and getting ugly what are some of
the challenges what are some of your
concerns about how
mock rats move forward and try and win
well I think what Democrats are doing
this year are more and more is acting
like real Democrats and being bold or
being more clearly progressive speaking
to working people and and everyday
people's lives I think that's why
Gilliam won in Florida I think that's
why Ocasio Cortes won in Queens and the
Bronx I think you see something
happening all over the country and the
reason I say that is I think that's the
pertinent reality is what's going to
move people in their hearts emotionally
to come out and vote that energy is on
the democratic and the progressive side
right now and that's what I think
it can't be tracked you know polling is
not picking it up the reality of turnout
is something that is beyond the reach of
traditional polling to analyze and we
keep getting surprised we keep seeing
things happen that we're not predicted
and I think you're going to see a lot
more of that in November you certainly
saw it last November Virginia is a great
example the House of Delegates this is
going to be an extraordinary change
election in my view and things are
happening at the grassroots that none of
the experts none of the pundits can
possibly see that's not unusual as a
happens but David Mears for our lives
how many mayors what's your objective
what are you going to do in
site-specific what impact would mayor's
for our lives have in the Florida
gubernatorial race well so what we're
doing players for our lives is we're
announcing a campaign that's bipartisan
with Republicans and Democrats to
register a new generation of voters
right now we have over 50 voters in 20
and 25 states including DC and in terms
of mayors and I think the impact on the
on the Florida election will be the fact
that polls do not register people that
are newly registered a lot of the time
they don't expect young people to go
they don't take into account young
people and especially a lot of time
people of color in different communities
that historically speaking like even my
AP Cobb textbook it talks about like the
Latino population being the sleeping
giant in terms of demographics and that
they don't turn out but I think we're
starting to see with like bado and
different people these people are
turning out and polls are not
registering them and if young people
turn out even if Beto's within one point
of Cruz for example
explain who he is bata world record and
full of ended crews yeah so so let me
ask two questions and questions so I
want to hear more about young the the
role of young voters and gillum's
nomination for the Democratic to become
the Democratic nominee for the governor
of Florida
what role did they play particularly in
Orlando perhaps in Broward and other
places where he surprised folk right and
then the second question to you mr.
mayor is you remember that story been
political a while back saying that you
know the progressive wing Bernie's army
was in disarray that this talk of the
progressive move or thrust within the
party was it was a bit much that Ocasio
Cortes didn't really signal something
but something has happened some things
going on and so how do you think about
what I heard you mentioned this in your
answer Tameka but how would you
characterize that alongside of the DNC
reform with regards to super-delegates
what's happening in the Democratic Party
right now look the change is happening
is profound it's happening in states
across the country you can see
progressive candidates who have won
primaries that weren't supposed to win
all over the country you can see that
when the progressive candidate does get
the Democratic nomination the kind of
energy that can create among a whole
swath of electorate including younger
voters who we must get involved and
that's a bipartisan statement but I'll
speak as a progressive and a Democrat
younger voters are going to be the
difference makers we've seen it already
we saw in November 17 how a lot of
younger voters engaged in states
including Virginia as I mentioned and
change the whole whole dynamic and are
choosing to run to this is another big
x-factor more and more younger
candidates so I think it fits perfectly
with this amazing initiative and I have
to say mayor's for our lives 50-plus
mayors united in the concept that we're
going to reach younger folks students
even in high school level getting ready
to vote and Beyond and there to be game
changes in our society and I'll tell you
something when it comes to gun safety
what I hear from younger voters is
uncompromising they believe it's a
matter of life and death they're right
and what David and his colleagues have
done has changed American politics and
awoken a different sleeping giant which
is younger voters yeah exactly
the issue of gun safety is not democrat
or republican it's an American issue
that we face as a country in terms of
more developed countries we face from
the highest rates of gun deaths per
capita of any country and we the only
way right we're going to be able to
solve that is by working to get together
as Democrats and Republicans and as
Americans to solve this issue and
registering everybody to vote on the
topic of what happened in the
gubernatorial race I think young people
have made an impact on Gilliam and the
reason why why they didn't expect him to
win is the fact that we had a Florida
team going across Florida through every
congressional district all 27 in Florida
throughout the summer registering
thousands of new voters in Orlando our
team from March of our lives Orlando
helped promote voter registration so
much that it went up 90% in Florida
youth voter registration is up 41% those
people are not taking into account on
polls and that's why these things are
having young people are angry but more
importantly they want to see people that
bring people together and don't divide
us more they want to see Democrats and
Republicans that actually make this
country unified and not even more
divided than it is so let me ask about
another gubernatorial race and that
would be in the state of New York mr.
mayor the Democratic primary for
governor has gotten kind of spicy Andrew
Cuomo accused Cynthia Nixon of being a
phony who concealed her tax returns I
don't think that's true
and that she would run the state into a
debt driven chaos so I guess two
questions would Cynthia Nixon be a good
governor for the state of New York and
are you concerned that the race has
gotten too negative well first of all I
have not made a public endorsement in
this race and it's something I'm still
looking at but I want to say there's no
question my mind Cynthia Nixon is an
extraordinary human being activist who's
made a huge impact particularly in terms
of education and fairness for our
children I thought she more than held
her own last night in the debate I
thought she got a lot of very powerful
ideas out and a lot of very powerful
critiques out and I found some of the
governor's counterpoints a little
desperate honestly the notion of calling
her a corporation that sounded like the
Citizens United decision by the Supreme
Court that the corporation is a person
so the I look I think the bottom line
here is just like we've been talking
about
this race is unpredictable here in New
York there's a lot going on on the
ground and there's a lot of people who
are thinking very independently and
anyone who thinks they know where this
is going is not watching what's
happening in current politics and I
think what important I remember is the
fact that when it comes to voting for
people young people we're starting to
see this shift in America that not only
around voting for young people but
around the fact that when when wealthier
people are running younger people are
starting to think why wait why would
these people be wanting to fix the world
that quite frankly a lot of us think
that they messed up mm-hmm like the
president being a billionaire
why would somebody these people that are
creating a lot of the problems that we
face as a nation right now are coming
back into politics and saying that they
want to solve them when in reality
they're only in it for themselves and
that's the truth but that's why it's so
important that we vote because no matter
what your opinion is you get out there
and you vote on November 6th you get out
there and you register on September 25th
and a bipartisan effort because you can
say what you want about politics but if
you don't vote you have no right to amen
David dress fair enough that's the
x-factor an election is here yes it is a
David hog thank you both for being on
this morning appreciated and up next
Cynthia Nixon joins us after her heated
debate with New York Governor Andrew
Cuomo and before we go to break the
president is posting about his outgoing
White House Council this morning he
tweeted quote I'm very excited about the
person who will be taking the place of
Don Magan as White House Counsel I liked
done but he was not responsible for me
not firing Bob Muller or Jeff Sessions
so much fake reporting and fake news wow
so much to get to we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
