the Texas Republican Party fired off a
few tweets yesterday looking to
embarrass Ted Cruz's Senate challenger
Democratic congressman beta O'Rourke the
tweets included this picture of the
Democrat when he played in a punk band
back in the 1990s but the plan seemed to
backfire somewhat on Twitter with many
people saying things like yeah I
definitely don't want to vote for this
cool guy who did fun stuff and had
friends yeah
Twitter can be not useful sometimes now
to New York's gubernatorial race like an
ATM and we see the result he has had
seven and a half years to avoid this
very avoidable crisis in our New York
City subway and he has done next to
nothing governor why the next four years
be any different my opponent lives in
the world of fiction I live in the
worlds of fact the subway system is
owned by New York City
can you stop interrupting
as soon as you do it Wow some of the
more heat exchanges there from last
night's debate between New York's
incumbent Governor Andrew Cuomo and
Democratic challenger cynthia nixon
and cynthia nixon joins us now welcome
great to have you on the show thanks
make it great to be here so I want to
get right to it Andrew Cuomo called you
a phony who concealed your tax records
and would run New York into a debt dip
driven crisis
have you ever concealed your tax records
and then I want to ask you about the
hell
how would you adequately fund the
programs you're proposing but first the
taxes so yes no I have not I've not
concealed my taxes at the beginning of
the campaign I released one year of
taxes which I really think it's
important for New Yorkers to understand
is more than Andrew Cuomo did when he
ran in 2010 he did not release his taxes
until after the election then a few
weeks ago I released another four years
the governor was really hoping to find
something it was a nothing burger
reporters came and poured over our taxes
and mostly didn't write stories about
them because there was nothing to say
but what is he right about the funding I
mean how would you fund the programs you
are proposing where is the money going
to come from how does it work so you
know I voted for Andrew Cuomo eight
years ago because I remembered his dad
and because I believed he was a Democrat
the way he said he was but since taking
office he's governed like a Republican
and he's handed over massive amounts of
power to the Republican Party he he
slashed taxes in his first year in
office on corporations on banks on the
super-rich and I think that we can
afford in New York to have our
corporations pay a little bit more and I
think we can have our wealthy people
afford to pay a little bit more Andrew
Cuomo has so many Republican and so many
corporate donors he's really leaned on
that side and as a result we've lost
twenty five billion dollars in revenue
and we have things like the New York
City Subway the defunding of it is
running it into the ground we have our
SUNY and CUNY system run into the ground
I really got in this race one of the
chief reasons is because of education
funding because for 17 years since my
oldest child entered kindergarten I've
been fighting for the billions of
dollars that the highest state in New
York says that our school kids are owed
in high needs low-income school
districts 4.2 billion and we can do that
we could do that by enacting a
millionaire's tax and we can do that by
increasing our corporate taxes which are
less than half they were when Andrew
Cuomo's father was governor and we can
do it by by closing corporate loopholes
okay so plainly and simply you're saying
you would raise taxes on the wealthy and
on corporations that's what I'm saying I
think there's also a lot of what we see
we have billions of dollars being spent
on economic development that a lot of
which has gone directly into the pockets
of Andrew Cuomo's biggest donors with
little job creation and no oversight
this is what the trials were about this
this spring it's why Andrew Cuomo's
chief aide Joe Percoco is headed to
prison it's why his chief economic
developments are aligned Kelley arrows
is also headed to prison along with some
of his big donors we have oh yes sorry
sorry Megan yeah Misha has a question
for you but but just really quickly are
you surprised that an incumbent governor
attacked you so personally during the
debate I think that Andrew Cuomo was
looking to attack anything about me that
he could think of because he has a
record that's very hard to defend
particularly when you talk about how he
has handed over control of the New York
State Senate to the Republicans for the
last seven and a half years basically
what he's done is he's incentivized a
group of Democratic state senators to
vote with the Republicans and to give
them the majority this is this is as if
Barack Obama had said to some Democratic
senators hey will you go and vote with
the Republicans and make sure that Mitch
McConnell is the head of the Senate and
what that's meant in New York is we
haven't done almost any of our
progressive priorities whether you're
talking about funding our schools
whether you're talking about fully
fully funding them whether you're
talking about single-payer healthcare
whether you're talking about real
justice reform we need we need such
justice reform in New York we need to
end cash bail because two-thirds of the
people sitting in our jails on any given
day are there because they can't afford
bail they're there because they're poor
and we have to put an end to that in New
York State let's get to you Mischa
Alcindor you me SH Ms Nixon you and
Governor Cuomo argued yesterday about or
argued a during your debate about who it
was the biggest Donald Trump critic you
also said that that Governor Cuomo
should return some of the donations that
Donald Trump made to his campaign my
question to you is how effective do you
think it is to run an anti Trump
campaign given that put Democrats do
that in 2016 and lost that's exactly why
I'm running because I feel that
Democrats this year if we if we want to
win and if we want our voters to turn
out Democrats have to understand what we
stand for we can't just be a kinder
gentler more diverse version of the
Democratic Party of the Republican Party
we need to elect more Democrats this
year but we also need to elect better
Democrats and we need people to speak
about the economic and the racial and
the gender inequality that's swallowing
our democracy hole and actually do
something about it not just pay lip
service to it Rick Tyler jump in Cynthia
Nixon you talked about and I'm glad that
you're very frank about it you want to
tax millionaires and billionaires and
that's all well and good and corporate
tax but New York is not its own nation
state the companies and millionaires and
billionaires can choose to leave to go
to other tax more tax friendly states
like Florida like Texas and if you were
successful in imposing a millionaire's
tax or a corporate tax what makes you
think those companies would in those
wealthy people would stay in New York so
I think that wealthy individuals have
the liberty of choosing where they want
to live and if high taxes were the thing
that we're gonna make wealthy people
move we wouldn't have so many wealthy
people in New York we wouldn't have so
many wealthy people in California but
when you talk about businesses about
being a business friendly environment
one of the main things that businesses
care about
is having an educated workforce and in
order to do that we really need to
invest in education the other thing that
businesses really care about is
infrastructure and we've so divested not
only from our New York City subway but
from our from our roads and our
transportation in general if we want to
create jobs for New Yorkers investing in
infrastructure is the most effective way
to do it and it's a way to prepare our
state for the future and make it more
business-friendly cynthia nixon thank
you so much for being on this morning we
invited governor cuomo to be on the show
as well to discuss the race we hope to
have him back on soon final moments of
the show Eddie Glaude I'll give you I'll
give you the airwaves final thoughts we
have a chance to be otherwise America
has to make a choice
we'll be racist or will we actually live
up to the promise that is the country
will see ok Thank You Eddie that does it
for us this morning Stephanie ruhle
picks up the coverage right now thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
