all right thank you at home for watching
us this hour I'm Jory Reed rachel has
the night off and she will be back on
Monday okay so now it is writing and you
know what that means
news Havelange we have more on the
shocking but not unexpected news out of
Saudi Arabia regarding the death of
saudi journalist jamal khashoggi much
more on that coming up with congressman
eric SWA well but first today Trump
campaign chairman Paul Manafort was back
in court in the Eastern District of
Virginia now we knew that Manta fort
would be dressed in his green prison
uniform he had been convicted on eight
felony counts of tax fraud and bank
fraud this summer after all and so when
his lawyers requested that he be allowed
to show up in more dignified threads
their request was denied by the judge so
we knew what he will be wearing but who
knew Paul Manafort would show up in a
wheelchair
witnesses in the courtroom also observed
that a visibly grayer man affort was
also missing his right shoe in arguing
today for a swift sentence on those
eight guilty counts Manta Ford's lawyer
Kevin downing told the court that there
are quote significant issues with mr.
mana fourths health right now and a lot
of it has to do with the terms of his
confinement Manta Ford's lawyer
requested that the judge pick a
sentencing date as soon as possible so
that he could be moved to a facility
better equipped to deal with his health
issues whatever they may be
now in any case the judge set a
sentencing date of February 8th the
judge also announced that he would drop
the ten charges on which the jury hung
at Menna forts trial Paul Manafort also
avoided a second trial in Washington DC
by pleading guilty to the charges there
in signing a cooperation agreement with
Robert Muller's prosecutors so that was
that now we also recently learned that
as part of this cooperation agreement
mana Ford has met with Muller's team
nine times in the past month in court
today we were looking to see if the
government gave us any hints as to the
extent or the topics of that cooperation
we did not get any details from Muller's
team other than its ongoing far from the
courtroom we did get a sense of what
else special counsel Robert Muller is
looking into
The Wall Street Journal reported today
that Muller is probing WikiLeaks
contacts with conservative activists The
Journal reports that Muller's team has
recently questioned witnesses about the
activities of longtime Trump confidant
Roger stone including potential contacts
with WikiLeaks the journal further
reports that investigators have obtained
evidence that one of those conservative
activists the late Peter W Smith may
have had advanced knowledge of details
about the release of emails from a top
Hillary Clinton campaign official by
WikiLeaks now because this is your
normal crazy Friday today we also got a
rare joint statement from the Director
of National Intelligence the Justice
Department the FBI and the Department of
Homeland Security the subject combatting
foreign influence in u.s. elections
quote we are concerned about ongoing
campaigns by Russia China and other
foreign actors including Iran to
undermine confidence in democratic
institutions and influence public
sentiment and government policies these
activities also may seek to influence
voters and decision making in the 2018
and 2020 US elections and we don't know
whether the next piece of news is
connected to that but the US
intelligence statement pointing the
finger at Russia China and other foreign
actors was followed about 45 minutes
later by the first criminal charges
related to Russian interference in the
2018 midterm elections now one
interesting thing here this indictment
does not come from the special counsels
office this is a 39 page complaint filed
in the Eastern District of Virginia the
same venue where Paul Manafort appeared
today in which federal prosecutors
charged a 44 year-old Russian national
who works for an oligarch close to
Vladimir Putin they've charged her with
conspiring to interfere in the upcoming
midterm elections through the use of
divisive rhetoric and disinformation on
social media sound familiar
well you may remember that back in
February of this year special
robert muller charged 13 individuals and
three companies most notably the Russian
troll farm called the internet research
agency with using social media to
deliver propaganda into the news feeds
of ordinary Americans encouraging them
to vote for Donald Trump and against
Hillary Clinton while today's criminal
complaint was not brought by robert
muller it is related to that earlier
indictment specifically prosecutors
charged elena Khushi Innova of st.
Petersburg Russia with being the chief
accountant and overseeing all the
finances related to that scheme as well
as acting in concert with other
conspirators we learned a few important
things today from this court from this
court filing the first being that the
Russian attack on our democracy did not
end in 2016 rather it continues to be
very active to this very day as
prosecutors wrote quote the conspiracy
has a strategic goal which continues to
this day to so division and discord in
the US political system including by
creating social and political
polarization undermining faith in
democratic institutions and influencing
US elections including the upcoming 2018
midterm election
today's complaint also gave us details
regarding the financing of that scheme
we learned that while Russia spent
approximately 12 million dollars on this
effort in calendar years 2016 and 2017
more about a million dollars a month
that figure began to rise in 2018 by
June of this year the monthly operating
budget was 1.9 million dollars in the
first half of the year alone the
Russians had spent 10 million dollars
which puts them on pace to nearly double
the total it from 2016 and 2017 as for
the content of those social media posts
US prosecutors allege that Russia aimed
to sow division in the United States by
posting on various topics including
immigration gun control the Second
Amendment the Confederate flag race
relations
LGBT issues the women's March in the NFL
national anthem debate we also got a
look at some of the images and the memes
that the Russians wanted injected into
the u.s. political discourse and what
prosecutors showed that Russia sought to
inflame both ends of the political
divide most of what prosecutors cite in
the complaint is clearly intended to
benefit Donald Trump the criminal
complaint notes that in August of last
year members of the conspiracy analyzed
a large quantity of US news articles
summarized the substance of the articles
and outline ways for the conspiracy to
promote them and then list some of the
articles that the Russian sought to
promote and as you can see these would
be conservative outlets like Breitbart
and The Daily Caller and Fox News as
well as even further right-wing are
outlets like Infowars
core according to the complaint the
Russians working for the internet
research agency were given detailed
instructions on how to post and share
these articles for the best results for
example the eight dirtiest scandals of
robert muller no one is talking about
reading from the complaint quote a
member of the conspiracy directed that
the article be messaged in the following
way special counsel special prosecutor
Muller is a puppet of the establishment
lists scandals that took place when
Muller headed the FBI state the
following it is a fact that the special
prosecutor who leads the investigation
against Trump represents the
establishment a politician with proven
connections to the u.s. Democratic Party
never mind that Robert Millar is a
Republican and goes on to emphasize that
the work of this commission is damaging
to the country it is aimed to declare
impeachment of Trump another article to
be shared was one from the Daily Caller
with the headline McCain thinking a wall
will stop illegal immigration is crazy
instructions for sharing that article
quote state that dishonorable scoundrels
such as McCain immediately aim to
destroy all of the conservative voters
hopes as soon as Trump tries to fulfill
his election promises
or take this Infowars article civil war
if trump taken down russians were
instructed that when sharing that
article they should quote name those who
oppose the president and those who
impede his efforts to implement his pro
election promises so here we are now 18
days for the midterm elections today and
we got a new in-depth look at how Russia
is working to shape that debate right
here in the US it is not subtle and
neither was the reaction of the
president today when asked to comment I
instilled an indictment against a
Russian national was accused of trying
to influence the election to do it Mikey
and thing you know all of the hackers
and all of the everybody that you see
nothing to do with my campaign if the
hackers a lot of them probably like
Hillary Clinton better than me probably
like me well today's indictment told us
a lot of things it certainly did not
tell us that Judy's now is Barbara
McQuade former US Attorney from Michigan
Barbara appreciate your time tonight
thanks Joey glad to be with you so let's
go back and talk about the money this is
the financing of the efforts to do
disinformation in the u.s. it does it
surprise you that that particular
indictment which is sort of related to
when we saw the 13 Russians indicted
didn't come from the Muller world it
came from a different place yeah at
first yes but I think if you look at it
carefully you can see a couple of things
that might suggest why that would be one
is that Robert Muller's mission is
solely related to the 2016 presidential
campaign and this one goes beyond that
including the 2018 campaign so I think
trying to keep his focus narrow
especially as he gets closer to to the
end I think and the other is that Robert
Muller himself is named in this
initiative and so to the extent he is a
victim of this crime maybe it was
cleaner to have other prosecutors be
prosecuting it so those might be a
couple of reasons that this is a
standalone case but I was surprised to
see it come down it shows that the
influence campaign is not over it
continues and it persists and remains a
threat in the upcoming elections
well that and that is the point and I'm
wondering if as a prosecutorial matter
is it possible then to build a bridge
backwards from the financier from the
amount of money being spent if a lot of
the actors overlap with what happened in
can you build a prosecutorial bridge
between the 2018 and 2016 efforts yeah
absolutely
it's a possibility and following the
money is so often a strategy that
prosecutors use to try to link together
individuals initiatives groups and so
I'm sure they'll be looking at that the
money trail if they haven't already to
see what links exist between this
individual the group that was indicted
in February and then again if they
should find any links to the Trump
campaign they could certainly always
bring it together with what Robert
Muller is looking at because it is all
one justice department and so they share
information with each other even though
this case came out of the Eastern
District of Virginia right let's stop
for just a little bit because there's
also the WikiLeaks piece of it and so
I'm wondering if it's possible to
prosecute people who are related to or
just sympathetic to the Trump campaign
just for knowing that WikiLeaks is gonna
drop stolen emails is that a crime
you know just mere knowledge is probably
not enough there is a crime called
misprision of a felony where you're
aware of a felony and you fail to report
it it's very rarely charged though I
would think there would have to be some
criminal act
besides knowledge to make it a crime but
it's a fairly easily satisfied element
in crimes of aiding and abetting or
conspiracy if you show that someone
assisted in any way and that could even
be providing advice about the timing of
dissemination of stolen emails or to
even encourage the commission of a crime
could be enough for conspiracy so it
doesn't take much but probably a little
more than mere knowledge right and do go
now back to where we started with manna
Ford in fact we don't know exactly what
his cooperation entails but we do know
is that he probably knows a lot I mean
this is a guy who knows a little
something about election interference he
had a little something to do with it in
Ukraine if you're looking at it from the
outside looking in what kind of a big
picture is manna Ford best able to
provide is it on the financing of the
overall operation what give us a little
bit of a
your your prognostication on what it is
he could be giving up
yeah well the fact that as you reported
he is met with Muller's team nine times
and I've also read reporting that each
of those meetings has less at at least
six hours so you know doing the math
fifty four hours that he has sat down
with them my guess is that they are
showing him all kinds of documents and
asking him to explain them I think he
can certainly explain the money trail
and all of these things but I think the
most valuable thing he might be able to
provide is the role of some of these
Russian oligarchs to what extent were
they doing the bidding of Vladimir Putin
to influence elections and I think that
piece is the part that's probably been
missing from what Robert Muller has had
access to and Paul Manafort is likely a
person who can provide that in light of
what we already know about his
connections with some of these Russian
oligarchs and so I imagine that is some
of the ground that they're covering in
those sessions
yeah absolute and a lot of Americans are
waiting with bated breath to find out
what it is that Muller is gonna put
together and how he sort of draws that
whole picture together Barbara McQuade
former US attorney from Michigan thank
you very much for your time tonight
thank you joy thank you hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
