winter is coming and not just on premium
cable winter is coming is this new
headline just posted in the Washington
Post tonight quoting someone in
communication with the White House the
full quote is this winter is coming
assuming Democrats win the house which
we all believe is a very strong
likelihood the White House will be under
siege but it's like tumbleweeds rolling
down the halls over there
nobody's prepared for war joining us now
is Carol lenok national reporter at The
Washington Post as part of the reporting
team on this story tonight Carol thank
you very much for being here I really
appreciate the time glad to be here
Rachel
so this is based on 26 sources which
itself feels like the occasion for
everybody to salute you just for the
amount of work you and this team has
done to put this together the upshot to
me seems to be two main points one that
there is concern in the White House may
be concern among the president's allies
potentially signaling through the media
trying to get his attention that the
President may be in serious jeopardy up
too and potentially including
impeachment depending on what happens
with elections this November but also
you're reporting on some pretty detailed
planning or considerations in the White
House to really change the president's
legal representation the those am i
right to take those as the two main
thrust of this reporting absolutely
Rachel the the two weaknesses right now
or that the president doesn't have a
lawyer representing him personally who
has some impeachment experiences or some
congressional experiences and the other
major weakness is the basically the
gutting that we learned about over the
last few days of reporting of the White
House counsel's office you know Don
McGann has essentially been announced as
leaving by the president's tweet which
was a surprise to him and many other of
the president's aides even the
president's attorney was surprised by it
this morning but that announcement made
us look more deeply as well at and try
to tabulate what's going on in the White
House counsel's office this is the the
defense the the blockers for what would
happen if Democrats get
subpoena power and it's a it's a a pale
comparison of what it used to be four of
the five deputies for Don McGann will be
gone by the end of the week and that
leaves one standing who mostly has
represented the White House on national
security matters the news that mr.
McGann himself was surprised by the
president's announcement that mr. McGann
would be leaving the White House when
that emerged today that left me I guess
feeling like really this was the firing
of Don McGann it may have been that mr.
McGann was looking toward the exits that
he was planning on arranging his
departure from the White House
announcing his departure submitting his
notice as it were some time fairly soon
he may have even been signaling us to
wait when that might have been but if he
was surprised today by the president
saying yeah he's out is this essentially
an involuntary departure is this a sort
of firing of mr. McGann it's not the
same kind of event as the Tillerson
tweet it's not the same as the HR
McMaster the National Security Adviser
you're out of here it's not that kind of
see you later charlie kind of moment Don
McGann has telegraphed to many people
including reporters that he planned to
go in the fall that Cavanaugh's
confirmation was sort of a crown that he
hoped to finish off that would be the
ending of his his moment as White House
Counsel
however it's just an indecorous way to
say goodbye to somebody and and the
president likes to do it in this manner
to to sort of squeeze off exits or
entrances and that's what that's the
opportunity he sees today Carol you and
your colleagues reported last night that
the the president has privately revived
the idea of firing the Attorney General
do we see any connection between what's
just happened with Don began with the
hollowing out of the White House
counsel's office as you just described
with not just McGann but all of his
deputies either leaving or left is there
any kind
in there with the potential firing of
the Attorney General obviously that has
big consequences for the Russia
investigation among a lot of other
things but Don McGann has been described
as somebody who's been a sort of
governor a sort of brake pedal for the
president for some of his strongest
impulses when it comes to the Russia
investigation in particular are these
things linked you know it's such a good
question Rachel because I love your use
of the word governor in this instance
it's true that there are a lot of people
and Don McGann probably is among sort of
the top three who've barred the door
from the president acting on his worst
impulses however I don't think that it
is linked III do believe Don McGann's
sort of message that he really was kind
of done I think there's something bigger
going on inside the White House Council
and larger even in the White House which
is people are tired people are tired of
the drama and the tilting and the
careering and the daily sort of rush
rush hurry up and wait and everything
falls apart a lot of things done on the
whim of the president that wear people
down I don't think the departures of all
of Don McGann's
almost all of Don McGann's deputies can
be attributed to any one factor but what
I hear and what my colleagues at the
Washington Post hear over and over again
is people are wearing thin and it
doesn't necessarily mean that the
president's pushing them out but some of
the president's ways of governing are
Carol lennick national reporter at The
Washington Post busy as ever these days
Carol thank you very much for being here
tonight much appreciate it of course
Thank You Rachel again the Washington
Post reporting tonight that the
president has consulted his personal
attorneys about the likelihood of
impeachment proceedings also a party in
the Washington Post tonight Magan and
other aides have invoked the prospect of
impeachment to convince the president
not to take actions or behave in ways
they believe would hurt him still the
president has not directed his lawyers
or his political aides to prepare an
impeachment action plan leaving allies
to fret that the president doesn't
appreciate the magnitude of what could
be in store for
particularly if Democrats win the house
we'll be right back stay with us hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
