one of the most prominent Democrats in
the US Senate has a plan to take on
corruption and Donald Trump's secrecy
about his taxes and money senator
Elizabeth Warren joins me live in a
moment to discuss her new legislation
the anti corruption in Public Integrity
Act she says it would combat the
corruption that undermines public trust
in government people don't trust their
government to do right because they
think government works for the rich the
powerful and the well-connected and not
for the American people
Warren argues her new legislation would
fix that in three ways Sonlight forcing
presidential candidates to release years
of tax returns banning profiteering off
the government so politicians cannot
Lobby or trade stocks and declaring the
presidency of full time job so you can't
be President while also actively running
an international marketing and real
estate company for example now reformers
say this effort is nonpartisan and it
even echoes the leadership of a major
Republican who's being memorialized this
week campaign finance reform or John
McCain I want to talk to you just for a
second why else I want to reform the
government because the government my
friends has been taken over by the big
money and the special interest and I'm
out to break the Iron Triangle in
Washington of big money lobbyists and
legislation so you can get your
government back
we'll fight for that in some of that the
Warren Plan is a far cry from Trump who
ran against the lobbying swamp and then
jumped right in it we're going to win
today and we're going to Washington DC
to drain the swamp but you cannot have a
totally blind trust with operating
businesses President Trump can't unknow
he owns Trump Tower recent reports say
that aides to Pruit were made to bring
him yoghurt protein bars pick up lotion
and go mattress shopping its least
significant here all Manta for convicted
of tax fraud Michael Cohen in a
courthouse in lower Manhattan pleading
guilty to eight charges senator
Elizabeth Warren joins me now and thank
you very much for coming on the beat oh
thanks for having me
you see it they are the contrast between
what the president as a candidate ran on
and the swamp that exists today what
does your bill do well let's start with
the fact that the Trump administration
is the most corrupt presidential
administration in living memory but the
problem is not just with Trump we've had
a problem going on for a long time about
the influence of money in Washington and
you know we've talked about campaign
finance reform and Boyd that is a big
part of it but there is so much more
there are so many other ways that money
makes its way felt and you've picked up
some of them the fact that people in
Congress actually own individual stocks
and trade on those stocks on the one
hand while they're doing policy on the
other hand that influences the value of
those stocks it's just not right because
the American people say wait a minute
who are you working for were you working
in the public interest or were you just
working to line your own pocket my bill
puts an absolute stop to that my bill
requires that people release their taxes
anybody wants to run for federal office
then their taxes will be released by the
IRS and every year that you're in
federal office your
taxes will be released the American
people have a right to know where you're
getting your money from you know these
are just basic things I have to tell you
when I was putting this bill together
this is a big bill it's a sweeping bill
and yet there are whole parts of this
that I think there are people around the
country who say wait what you mean
that's not already the law you mean
those guys can spin through the
revolving door and while they are
elected officials while they are cabinet
officials while they are president of
the United States they can be dealing
for their own deck instead of for the
for the public interest so that's what
this bills about it's big it's got a lot
of pieces to it it is the biggest bill
that anyone has done since Watergate and
I think it's needed and it's needed
right now well and you mentioned the
stock trading congressman Collins here
has been indicted on insider trading and
as you say a lot of people look at that
and go wait you mean the people writing
these laws can sit around and trade in
individual stocks exactly would you
argue if your bill was law that would
actually help him because then he
wouldn't been allowed to hold those
stocks that's that's in that sense it
would but what it would also do is weed
out people who kind of want to work in
the public interest but kind of want to
work in their own self-interest this is
like a big net that says you know if
that's your plan you just don't get to
come into government at all you know
that's my view about every part of this
one of the things this bill does is it
changes lobbying as we know it it's a
much bigger definition of lobbying than
the current swiss-cheese maybe you're a
lobbyist maybe you're not depending on
how the pieces fit together and it says
you hold one of these government jobs
like being a senator being a congressman
being the head of a government agency a
cabinet official a president or vice
president of the United States you're
banned from lobbying for lifetime after
that in other words there's no doing
your current job and just kind of
looking over the edge to see what may be
the lucrative next job hmm focus now on
what you're doing and here's the deal if
you don't want to do that if lobbying is
so deep in your heart then
become a congressman a senator head of
an agency or President of the United
States when you say that it goes to the
way this bill would rewire Washington
you also would ban yeah all Americans
from foreign lobbying an issue that's
been no kidding in the Russia probe walk
us through why is that currently allowed
and why do you think that should be
stopped so look the whole notion that
it's currently allowed that a foreign
government or Russian oligarchs can on
the Qt hire Americans to go lobby
Congress to go Lobby the White House and
the administration to advance their
interest why should we permit that my
view on this is if foreign governments
and foreign officials want to be able to
influence Washington use your diplomats
that's what it's there for
put your diplomatic corps out there but
that way everybody knows which team
they're playing for when they come to
make calls on the administration or on
Congress you also talk about forcing the
tax returns of candidates out which
would if passed would affect Donald
Trump as well as a Democratic opponents
then you look at what we've just learned
last week Paul Manafort convicted of tax
offenses
what about requiring that of top
campaign officials do you think it would
have been better for America if we would
have known about Paul manna for tax
returns while he was running the Trump
campaign yeah it's an interesting
question but I tell you what I will do
let's start with the elected officials
themselves and require everybody who
wants to run for federal office to
reveal their taxes think how much more
we would know about everyone and think
how much it would require everybody both
sides of the aisle to change their
practices that's one of the things about
this bill it it would require everybody
in Washington certainly everybody in
Congress to change what they do change
their current practices including me I
just I just posted online ten years of
tax returns my view on this is if I'm
going to get out there and fight for it
then I'm going to live by it as well
and I'd like to see a whole lot of other
people do that as well but it's not
enough to make it voluntary it's a
warning body needs to do it I don't know
how good your timing is but you are
introducing this legislation during a
period where Americans are blown away by
what happened last week I want to read
from the president's former lawyer
Michael Cohen's own words under oath
confessing to campaign crimes he said in
coordination with and the direction of a
candidate for federal office Donald
Trump I and the CEO at the request of
the candidate that's Donald Trump worked
together to keep an individual with
information that would be harmful to the
candidate and to the campaign from
publicly disclosing this information do
you think the crime that he confessed to
then involves the guilt of Donald Trump
well you know he's he certainly
implicated Donald Trump he's making
clear the connections here and I'm sure
that everybody is listening who's
involved in the deeper investigation
about the relationship between Russia
the Trump campaign Donald Trump himself
and now whatever it's happening in the
connections with the Justice Department
and trying to shut down the
investigation but but I want to make a
bigger point about this because when you
listen to words like this from from
Cohen it's it's a reminder corruption is
like a cancer on our democracy think
think about how the American people
think about how all of us here that that
wait a minute what's going on in
Washington every day up and down the
line is that the well-connected the
wealthy they get heard they get what it
is they want they they are in the know
but everybody else working people just
families who are just trying to make a
go of it they don't have that kind of
representation in Washington and that
means we have a problem that's not only
a problem within our government it's a
problem within our democracy corruption
it's
at the heart of democracy the notion
that this government is not here to
represent only the wealthy and the
well-connected but that this government
is here to represent all the people I
think that's what's at stake in this
bill you talk about that democracy and
accountability and it relates to another
important policy issue that you have
been leading on which is Puerto Rico I
want to play for you and viewers the
president's initial assessment of the
damage there compared to what we've
learned just today and some of the new
reporting take a look if you look at a
real catastrophe like Katrina and you
look at the tremendous hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of people that
died and you look at what happened here
with really a storm that was just
totally overpowering nobody's ever seen
anything like this 16 versus literally
thousands of people nearly a year after
Hurricane Maria ravaged Puerto Rico the
death toll has risen again 2975 death so
literally thousands according to the new
facts not the 16 that the president said
your view of the Trump administration's
response to this and what should be done
now so look the Trump administration's
response to the catastrophe in Puerto
Rico was too little too late but back up
just a little bit
Puerto Rico has a serious problem even
before Hurricane Maria hit and that
problem was a huge debt burden a debt
burden that was dragging down the
economy that was forcing the government
to pay money to Wall Street and vulture
investors instead of putting that money
into schools and hospitals and
infrastructure a debt burden that was
truly choking off the economy of Puerto
Rico I was down in Puerto Rico I've been
engaged on this issue and tried to get
debt relief that Puerto Rico needs
before hurricane Maria hit once
Hurricane Maria hit everything that was
bad just got a whole lot worse so the
federal government under Trump did too
little did it too late
but all of the dead
problems get worse because now Puerto
Rico has even greater need to make the
investments in rebuilding and
infrastructure in schools and hospitals
and yet the Wall Street vulture
investors are continuing to try just
suck money out of that island so for me
what we need now is we need both a
commitment to help Puerto Rico rebuild
but we also need to give Puerto Rico the
same kind of opportunities that a city
in America that gets into too much debt
would have and that is to be able under
limited circumstances to declare
bankruptcy and deal with outstanding
debt if Puerto Rico were a country
Puerto Rico would be able to change its
currency it could default on its debt if
it wanted to and it could reorganize
itself financially we've seen countries
do this but because of Puerto Rico's
Commonwealth status right now they
legally are not able to deal with the
debt in the way that they need to so
I've introduced a bill that says Puerto
Rico should have the option if it wants
to to be able to write down that debt
and what it owes to Wall Street that way
Puerto Rico would have a chance of
fighting chance to be able to rebuild
its economy to be able to be all that
Puerto Rico could be well and it's it's
very hard to do with this debt overhang
it's a much more comprehensive answer
than we've heard from from any people
looking at that a problem down there
before I let you go I want to ask you
about the other big news the Washington
Post reporting Donald Trump again
reviving the idea of potentially ousting
Jeff Sessions allegedly to get more
control over the Moller probe is that
okay with you is it fine to remove the
Attorney General or does that concern
you look I let me be really clear about
what I wanted to I want to protect
special prosecutor Muller that's what I
think the United States Congress should
do right now and I push on this in the
Senate I ask my friends in the house to
push on this we need to pass a bill that
says the special prosecutor
cannot be fired he has a right he will
be protected so he can finish his
investigation without interference from
Democrats Republicans independents
anybody and not interference from the
President of the United States you know
he's already this investigation has
produced more than two dozen indictments
or guilty pleas this is a serious
investigation our job in the Senate and
the house should be to protect that
special prosecutor so he can finish his
work and make a full and fair report to
the people of the United States now I
have to press you a little bit because
it may surprise people people who really
look up to you or look up to Donald
Trump that you there is an overlap here
apparently because in March you did say
quote we need Attorney General Jeff
Sessions who should have never been
confirmed in the first place to resign
we need it now and so I wonder is there
an overlap between you and Donald Trump
who now is trying to allegedly get rid
of Jeff Sessions or is it more
complicated look I'm I'm not a fan of
Jeff Sessions I've watched what he's
done on everything from his manal
justice on his refusal to enforce civil
rights acts of all that he is doing what
I care about is the protection of the
special prosecutor and that is a narrow
thing that the Congress could take care
of we could pass a bill if Republicans
and Democrats I think all the Democrats
are on board for this Republicans and
Democrats could come together we could
do it with a veto-proof majority and
make sure that the special prosecutor is
protected that's the part I care about
understood and senator Elizabeth Warren
I really appreciate you coming on the
beat and taking the questions your first
time we hope you'll come back you bet
thanks for having me thank you senator
hey i'm ari melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our youtube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
