richard the president we know has not
always been given the best advice we
know by John Kelly we know by Jared
Kushner but we don't have a lot of
reports of bad advice that he's gotten
from from Don McGann at this point with
the investigation closing in on him
does the president getting rid of Don
McKay again expose him to greater legal
jeopardy probably not because he doesn't
listen to that it was advice unless he
wants to hear that advice and it's
advice he wants to hear he'll listen to
Rudy Giuliani mouthed off and Alan
Dershowitz when Dershowitz goes on the
television to attack Robert Butler and
you know listen of people who who repeat
the lines that he wants to hear but he
will not listen to good lawyers Donald
Trump even in his days back in New York
had trouble finding good lawyers he took
Roy :
who was Senator Joe McCarthy's a lawyer
from the McCarthy Army hearings who was
one of the nastiest lawyers at New York
and he's had another string of a very
bad lawyers the bottom line is Donald
Trump doesn't want to listen to good
lawyers good lawyers don't want to do
work for him he ends up with people like
Michael Colin it's been a disaster I
would never want to be Donald Trump's
lawyer I don't want to end up going to
jail
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
