well today the dictatorship that calls
itself the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
insulted the world with its written
explanation of how Washington Post
journalist Jamal khashoggi was murdered
inside the Saudi consulate in Istanbul
here is the intelligence insulting
written statement by the Saudi
dictatorship a statement which in and of
itself is an offense against decency and
humanity statement says the results of
the preliminary investigations revealed
that the discussions that took place
with the citizens Jamal khashoggi during
his presence in the consulate of the
kingdom in Istanbul by the suspects did
not go as required and escalated
negatively which led to a fight between
them and the citizens Jamal khashoggi
which aggregated the situation and led
to his death may God rest his soul in
addition to their attempt to conceal
what happened and to cover it up while
the investigations are still ongoing in
the case with the 18 detainees of Saudi
nationality the kingdom expresses its
deep regret at the painful outcome and
stresses the commitment of the
authorities in the kingdom to bring the
facts to the public as well as holding
all those involved and bringing them to
justice by referring them to the
competent courts in the Kingdom of Saudi
Arabia now here is a picture of Jamal
khashoggi he is obviously physically
incapable of being involved in anything
that could be called a fight with 15
Saudis who flew in to Istanbul
specifically to grab him when he walked
into that consulate jamal Khashoggi was
obviously physically incapable of
putting up one second
of physical resistance to anything any
one of his murderers chose to do to him
escalated negatively it's hard to even
call this language a lie it is something
far beyond a lie
Jamal khashoggi was incapable of
escalating any violence against any of
those people who murdered him not for
one second
the statement says the fight between
them and the citizen Jamal khashoggi
which aggregated the situation led to
his death apparently they mean to say
aggravated the situation this poisonous
murderous dictatorship which lives in
its own bubble believes it could send
those words out of the bubble today and
somewhere somewhere in the world they
would be accepted that someone somewhere
could accept the idea that Jamal
khashoggi aggravated the situation and
that led to his death saw the saudi
arabia arabia does not have anything
that the real world would recognize as a
court system but the saudi arabian
dictators believe they could put out a
statement today saying that this case
could be handled by quote the competent
courts in the kingdom of saudi arabia
there is no such thing there has never
been a competent court in Saudi Arabia
there never will be as long as the
dictatorship is in place and so who in
the world who in the world would believe
anything anything in the Saudi statement
today who would believe that Jamal
khashoggi was capable of aggravating the
situation that led to his death who
would believe that Saudi Arabia has
competently courts who in the world
would believe anything in that statement
I think it's a good first step it's a
big step it's a lot of people a lot of
people involved and I think it's a great
first step that's Donald Trump in
Arizona tonight
in
a meeting with defense contractors when
he welcomed this big first step that the
Saudi Arabian dictators have made by
issuing this statement that is a lie
from start to finish
It was as if a scriptwriter had placed
him in that setting today in the movie
of the madness of Trump there he is
sitting with the defense contractors who
contribute to his campaign and who want
to do business with Saudi Arabia and he
updates the defense contractors on
today's news study Rigby has been a
great ally but what happened is
unacceptable we are going to see they
they've arrested just for the people at
the table a large number of people
having to do with the event that took
place in Turkey and the consulate the
Saudi consulate and it's a big first
step it's only a first step but it's a
big first step leading off our
discussion now Josh Letterman national
political reporter for NBC News also
joining us ambassador Robert Jordan the
former US ambassador to Saudi Arabia
from 2001 to 2003 and Jeremy bash an
MSNBC national security analyst and
former chief of staff at the CIA and
defense department and ambassador Jordan
I want to get your reaction first to the
Saudi statement today Lawrence I hardly
know what to say
if it weren't so tragic I would recall
to work the famous words of sergeant
Schultz I know nothing I'm not here it's
absolutely astonishing that they would
come up with this incredibly lame story
I think if there was a fight it was
probably Jamal Khashoggi fighting for
his life as they were chopping off his
fingers but that's the closest thing to
a fight I could imagine it is absolutely
outlandish I it's just astonishing
that they have come up with this
ambassador you you served as george w
bush as the best from saudi arabia you
were there after 9/11 until 2003 if you
if president Trump had asked you to
return to Saudi Arabia as ambassador if
you were ambassador there tonight what
would you have said today in Saudi
Arabia
well first thing I would say the
president Trump would be our ally in
this is the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia it
is not Mohammed bin Salman and I think
you need to deep personalize this we
definitely need an alliance with a
country like Saudi Arabia in the midst
of a very rough neighborhood in the
Middle East but I would caution him
against blindly listening to anything
these people say I'll give you an
example when I arrived in Saudi Arabia
after 9/11 one of the first things I did
was to go to Prince Salman then Prince
now King Salman and I asked him how
could it be the 15 of the hijackers on
9/11 were Saudis and you know what he
said to me he said oh no there were no
Saudis involved in this whatsoever these
were the Israelis who did this this was
a Mossad plot and that was the line
right then that he was trying to give me
and it made me realize that you can't
take at face value any representation
they make thankfully we had more
cooperative heads who worked with us at
the time but this King Salman absolutely
was in outer space then and I think this
government is in outer space right now
let's listen to President Trump tonight
when he's asked the question do you
consider this explanation by the Saudis
to be credible let's listen to this I do
I do
I mean it's again it's early we haven't
finished our review or investigation but
it's I think it's a very important first
step and it happened sooner than people
thought it would happen
Jeremy bash Donald Trump saying he takes
that written statement to be credible
there are there are so many things to
take apart in it but one thing that's
kind of special for Donald Trump is he
and his Republican friends have spent
years screaming about Sharia law
screaming about the kind of courts that
they have in Saudi Arabia and Saudi
Arabia says at the end of that statement
which Donald Trump now finds credible is
that they're competent courts are going
to take
care of this yellow-orange I don't think
that we are any closer to the truth
tonight and I think the United States
has to conduct its own investigation of
what happened and I think we have to
rely on our investigative authorities
but also our intelligence and our
intelligence community and the truth
will come out because the Congress of
the United States as part of its
oversight of intelligence will ask the
intelligence community including our our
main agencies what do we know about what
happened what do we know about this
story that's being put forth tonight
what's fact what's fiction and I think
the Congress in short order is gonna
well understand a lot more than we are
being told at this hour I want to go to
one more thing that the president said
tonight because there is this just that
just perfection about the setting that
he was in tonight sitting there with
defense contractors the defense
contractors who contribute to his
campaign the defense contractors who
want to do business with Saudi Arabia no
matter who they killed no matter who
they behead no matter who they torture
they're ready to do business with them
and so was Donald Trump let's listen to
what he said about continuing to do
business with Saudi Arabia on defense we
have a hundred and ten billion and I
would say almost a hundred percent of it
would be sitting right around this table
I don't want to look over and tell
Marilyn or Dennis there by the way we're
going to take twenty five billion
dollars worth of sales away from you
because that would mean a lot of jobs so
it'd mean a lot of everything happy
working on this with Congress Congress
is very interested in this one and we'll
be working with Congress but I would
prefer that we don't use as retribution
canceling 110 billion dollars worth of
work dress lunderman in other words he
would prefer there be no retribution
whatsoever absolutely no price for Saudi
Arabia to pay for this certainly not
when it comes to arms sales that's not
really that surprising I guess because
the president was very forthcoming about
this even before the Saudis came out
with their explanation he said he didn't
want to take that step but here's what's
so alarming about what we've learned
tonight Lawrence let's just for the sake
of argument assume that everything that
the Saudis said tonight is the God's
honest truth we're all talking about how
incredulous their story is but let's
assume it's
for a second that means that the Saudis
by their own admission had their
intelligence services send a team to a
foreign country into a consulate to lie
in wait for one of their own citizens to
conduct an extraordinary rendition got
in a fight with them killed him and then
conducted a coverup to dispose of the
body in some type of undisclosed fashion
while the Saudi government continued to
tell the world for 17 days that he was
alive and had left the consulate none of
that is even remotely acceptable
behavior by international standards even
if what the Saudis are saying tonight
were true ambassador Jordan would you
expect for Saudi Arabia to have anything
that would resemble a public trial a
public airing of evidence against the
people who they're currently detaining
no absolutely not it would be conducted
in secret there may be a sentence handed
down perhaps even a death sentence and
then it wouldn't surprise me a year or
two later after they stay on death row
you quietly hear of a pardon clemency
granted perhaps during Ramadan by the
King Jamaat Castro gi's editor at The
Washington Post tonight tweeted this she
said khashoggi was a 60 year old man
what sort of equal fight would he have
had against 15 other men and who brings
a bone saw to a discussion the stupidity
of the Saudi explanation is
mind-boggling and Jeremy bash that
stupidity Donald Trump has said tonight
he finds believable and the big question
Lawrence really is whither the us-saudi
relationship because although obviously
Mohammed bin Salman bares sort of
personal responsibility at this hour for
what is happening in the kingdom and for
how the Kingdom is communicating with
the world there is no alternative to
Mohammed bin Salman it's not like the
United States could snap its fingers and
said we want somebody else in that vital
role as leading that country as the heir
apparent to an octogenarian King so
there really is nobody else and so the
United States is gonna have to decide
over the next months and years how and
whether and the extent to which to rely
on
Saudi Arabia to pursue American
interests to be a counterweight to Iran
to be a counterweight to al-qaeda and
Isis to be involved in diplomacy
involving Syria involving other areas of
the Middle East that are vital to our
interests I think we're gonna have to
work with Saudi Arabia we're gonna have
to figure out a new way of doing so
after this incident
Josh Letterman we're hearing as we have
in the past some noises from Republican
senators objecting to what's happening
and objecting to what the Saudis are
saying but it's hard for me to believe
that there are any Republicans in
Congress and I mean any in the house or
the Senate who would actually actively
conduct hearings of any kind of
investigation of any part of this as
long as the Republicans have that power
it's a good question
there are two senators who are on the
Republican side who have been pretty
outspoken about this in the run-up to
this evening that would be Marco Rubio
and Lindsey Graham and they have really
pushed for a hard line a hard response
there's been discussions about things
like trying to block any future arms
sales cutting off discussions with the
Saudis about a civilian nuclear
agreement what's known as a
one-two-three agreement and other steps
to try to create some distance from this
government but certainly if the
president heading into an election is
talking all about the jobs and the money
that's coming into this country as a
result of these massive Saudi arms deals
it is difficult to see how Republicans
and mass try to oppose him on that and
don't eventually go along with
essentially maintaining some version of
the status quo thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
