President Trump today announced that
White House Counsel Don Magan who is a
key witness in the special counsels
investigation into potential obstruction
of justice will soon be making his exit
quote Don McGann will be leaving his
position in the fall shortly after the
confirmation hopefully of Judge Brett
Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme
Court I have worked with Don for a long
time and truly appreciate his service
the tweet effectively confirmed the
timeline from McGann's departure which
was first reported by Axios this morning
however the washington post then
revealed another twist in today's
development that quote Trump's
announcement of McGann's departure came
as a surprise including two mcgann and
that is because according to a source
quote McGann had not discussed his plans
directly with Trump Trump's announcement
today comes after the New York Times
reported last week that McGann has
cooperated extensively with a special
counsel speaking to investigators for
over 30 hours in total that news
reportedly rattled the president who
realized quote he did not know what mr.
McGann had shared with Muller's team
despite that reporting the president
today insisted he is not concerned with
what McGann told Muller he'll be moving
on probably the private sector maybe the
private sector and he'll do it very well
but he's an excellent joining me now is
Elia hona the former federal prosecutor
in Jonathan Swan a national political
reporter with Axios Jonathan just to the
nuts and bolts of this first folks
looking at the timeline here would see
the cooperation with the Muller
investigation the decision today is
there a connection there several of
other reporters have reported that
there's a connection I don't know one
way or another I've been trying to find
out all day and I haven't been able to
nail it down to my dissatisfaction what
I can tell you is that Trump has long
had a strained relationship with Dom
McGann he's been fed up with him at
different times they've had pretty
heated discussions where the president
has you know become exasperated with him
in the president's mind according to
people who've watched the two of them
interact and talks to the president
about Dom McGann Trump thought that Dom
Magan was always trying to
I get to know who's never trying to
creatively get to yes when he had a
request dama Ganz defenders say well
that's because Trump was often asking to
do things that were potentially illegal
and and certainly unwise so they say he
was in a difficult position from day one
and they're quite sympathetic to him le
in terms of this question here this
issue of cooperating with with Muller's
investigation is there a difference in
terms of the role he could play with
Muller being the current White House
Counsel or in the former White House
Counsel does that affect that the
relationship at all with Muller's team
so I think where it comes into play is
if McGann were to stick around and
continue to be in these conversations
with the president those future
conversations could now become subject
to Muller which may be a reason for the
timing here maybe a reason why the
president said okay I think the
president was already freaked out by the
30 hours and he should be 30 hours is an
eternity for a prosecutor to spend with
somebody it means that the person's got
something of interest I would never
spend more than three hours with
somebody who had nothing of interest and
so now that McGann's gone he won't be in
the room and he won't be able to report
on that to the prosecutor does that
suggest you you say that's a long amount
of time they must be interested in
something in particular does that
suggest to you you know folks would look
at this question of obstruction of
justice of the firing of James Comey of
maybe advice Trump was getting what he
was being told inside the White House
does it does it suggest anything about
that to you I think that's exactly where
I would go McGann seems to have been one
of the the main sources of sort of
moderation and restraint and as Jonathan
alluded to what may be his cardinal sin
was that he would tell the president no
and sometimes the best advice a lawyer
can give a client it's not easy to give
is no don't do that and you know the the
most important thing the most
interesting thing to me as a prosecutor
would be those conversation around the
potential firing of Muller it's been
reported that McGann was the one who
talked the president out of that or told
the president you can't or should not do
that and I would want to know if I was a
prosecutor sitting with with him again
why did he want to do it what did he
tell you were his reasons for wanting to
do it and if the answer is he was
freaked out about Russia which I would
guess it was that that could be really
important evidence Jonathan then the
question is what's next or who's next
for Trump in that role of White House
Counsel and also the reaction of
Republicans in Washington I know Mitch
McConnell today sounded distressed about
this possibility
the Mitch McConnell statement was very
amusing at least him to my eyes because
the first sentence said if the reporting
is accurate this was after I broke the
story and then the president on the
record confirmed it so there was no
reporting whatever but when I saw from
that was a sense of wishful denial
here's the issue don McGann is an
ideological conservative who in Mitch
McConnell's mind in Chuck grasses mind
has done a wonderful job feeding that
pipeline of conservative justices both
at the circuit court level and obviously
at the Supreme Court level
Emmett flood who is the likely
replacement however I should I should
stress nothing has been formalized
Emmett flood is not known for his
ideology he represented Bill Clinton
during the impeachment and he
represented George W Bush for two years
during his second term and now he's
obviously coming in to represent Trump
someone a source of mine who has
discussed Emmett floods decision-making
said that the reason one of the reasons
he came in for Trump is because he
believes that these special counsels are
out of control so it was very much from
that very specific vantage point
protecting the institution of the
presidency in his mind that he took the
job there's less of a sense that he has
conservative bona fides in today's
announcement of McGann's looming
departure comes amid reports indicating
that Trump wants to fire his Attorney
General Jeff Sessions in now just
tonight Politico reporting that the
president is personally asking
Republican senators to turn against
sessions quote the willingness of
Republican senators to turn on Attorney
General Jeff Sessions is the result of a
furious lobbying campaign from President
Trump who for the past ten days has been
venting his anger at sessions to any
senator who will listen according to one
GOP Senate aide Ellie this issue of
potentially getting rid of sessions to
me we were talking about this last night
some folks were suggesting a key element
of the timeline here is the status of
the mother investigation if the Moller
investigation is going on in front moves
on sessions versus if the Moller
investigation is finished and he moves
on sessions how key is that dated to you
I think it's
it's hugely important because again it
goes to the intent if obviously the
president's biggest beef with sessions
is that sessions recused himself and
handed over the Muller investigation to
Rosa sine and Muller who have some
streak of Independence in them and so I
think if you wait until the
investigation is done he can't really be
criticized for that but if he does it
before the investigation is done and
given how quickly this is moving the
president sort of famous impatience I
would I would bet that's the way it goes
maybe after midterms but I don't think
he's gonna let this run all the way out
until Muller's done then again it goes
to to the president's intent and
obstruction it goes back to the
president sort of fundamental
misunderstanding of the roles of
everyone around him he comes from a
world where if you work anywhere near me
you work for me Donald J Trump but in
fact all these individuals without many
of them including Jeff Sessions
understand that you don't work for the
president personally Tom McGann
understands you work for the institution
of the presidency but not this person
and Jonathan quickly these these
Republican senators look if it comes to
it say it was after midterms and Trump
got rid of sessions are there
potentially it would not take many
Republicans saying no to that to keep a
replacement from being confirmed are
there you know eight sessions was in the
Senate for a long time he's got some
friends some allies there are there
potentially a critical number of
Republicans who would say no to that
sure I mean I like how do you do you
replace him with that's the question
there's no never sense that the Trump or
people around him have played out this
tape to the end you fire sessions okay
who do you install to replace him
someone who's going to fire Rosen Stein
if that type of a person who's going to
be a lackey is going to be toxic to a
lot of these senators so yeah maybe they
will roll over and do it because they're
Republicans and they'll do it for
president Trump but I think it's gonna
be a very tough confirmation
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
