President Trump is claiming victory for
something he didn't exactly accomplish
an audio excerpts from a closed-door
dinner with evangelical leaders that's
been reviewed by NBC News the president
is heard claiming he got quote rid of
the Johnson amendment long reviled by
religious leaders the comments came
after the press had left Monday's dinner
at the White House the president is
referring to an executive order he
signed early in his presidency directing
the Treasury not to quote take any
adverse action against religious
organizations for speaking about a
candidate or cause something they
weren't prohibited from in the first
place and there's a clause typically
included in these types of executive
orders which says this order shall be
implemented consistent with applicable
law in this case consistent with the
Johnson amendment
according to constitutional law
professors the order does almost nothing
alright let's take a look at the Johnson
amendment and how the president didn't
really get rid of it let's turn the
clock back to before 1954 back then
nonprofits and churches could support or
oppose candidates as they saw fit using
their tax-exempt status to supplement a
candidate or party's electoral push in
1954 then Texas senator Lyndon Johnson
was facing a blistering campaign with
several nonprofits supporting his
opponent as a response Johnson wrote a
provision into that year's tax code
saying all Section 501 C 3 organizations
are absolutely prohibited from directly
or indirectly participating in or
intervening in any political campaign on
behalf of or in opposition to any
candidate for elective public office
all right effectively banning tax-exempt
groups from jumping into the political
arena to endorse candidates but not
restricting their right to free speech
according to the New York Times analysis
of the amendment churches were swept up
into this ban despite not being involved
in that particular fight with Johnson
but The Times also reports the provision
was so non-controversial that it was
passed by a Republican Congress and
signed into law by Republican President
Dwight Eisenhower this law is rarely
enforced according to pro religious
group Alliance defending freedom more
than 2000 May
the evangelical Christian leaders have
made intentional violations in protests
over the past 10 years only one has been
audited by the IRS and zero have lost
their tax-exempt status now if the
President did want to truly overturn the
amendment he'd have to go through cron
Congress since they are the only body
that can actually make or repeal laws
joining me now is NBC News investigative
reporter Kendall a nyan can iiiii think
this is a really interesting
intellectual question but there's
actually something more about this and
that is a warning that the president at
the same time gave to some of those
evangelical leaders about what would
happen if Republicans lost the midterm
elections
that's right Ali he suggested that there
would be violence but on the part of
left-wing activists like an tyfa but
really what he was communicating to
these ardent supporters is that
everything they hold dear is at risk if
the Republicans lose this midterm
election I mean he talked about abortion
rights he talked about the First
Amendment
he even repeated his claim that we are
now allowed to say Merry Christmas to
one another because Donald Trump is
president and that would be at risk if
they lost the election it was really
sort of a red meat pitch to these
evangelical leaders who applauded and
cheered throughout and seemed to have no
problem with Donald Trump's personal
foibles as long as he is on the same
page with them in a policy direction I
can't this does feel like a turning
point right this this feels like we are
living in a global competition of
culture and that people weaponize that
culture for political purposes and that
results in people getting into groupings
and voting certain ways but when you
start speaking about the threat of
violence President Trump did this a
couple of times during his campaign but
when you start talking about this I
think it goes down a road that could be
very dangerous I agree and look there's
a long history unfortunately in our
politics of of using this kind of
ideological appeal and we remember that
Richard Nixon famously campaigned on a
law-and-order platform when people were
very troubled by the sometimes violent
demonstrations of the 1960s and and
President Trump has gone to this well a
number of times and he's off
so you know repeatedly trafficking and
untruths by saying that he you know
repealed the Johnson amendment
I mean fact checkers have found that he
has uttered some more than four thousand
false or misleading but not heard him
Ken because if I make a mistake on TV
and I do by the way with some regularity
this thing goes off Twitter goes off I
get emails I get texts and I get social
media things about that wasn't correct
and I think that's viewers trying to be
helpful but it makes me feel badly when
I make a mistake like that does it it
just seems that it doesn't cost Donald
Trump to lie generally and it really
doesn't cost him to lie to the
evangelical community I think part of
the reason is that people don't believe
these fact checkers there's a certain
group of Americans that don't believe
what they see on our network and in
other places so they don't think that
Donald Trump is lying and then there's
also a kind of a grading him on a curve
you know that as long as he is
appointing the right Supreme Court
nominees and he is with them on abortion
rights and on things like this Johnson
amendment thing they're they're fine
with there they're willing to let him
slide on some of these other matters out
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
