one of the closest gubernatorial races
in the country this year is playing out
in Florida and even the nation feels
increasingly polarizing local issues
still matter as we heard earlier this
month when we went down to Orlando the
red tide it seems like it's been a
really big issue down here and and
something that's not a natural issue but
very much matters to Florida it's so
specific to Florida it is a really big
deal we need people in office that are
going to help protect our environment
for the future all and reporter Tremaine
Lee has been in Florida covering this
very story and files this report
I'm a registered Republican I'm
conservative i i'm pro-gun you know but
i don't have problem voting for a
Democrat if he's on the right side of
this issue the biggest issue for many
people in Florida this election season
the red side Sarasota and Manistee
counties are seeing a full bloom of red
tide the water you can still see it's
brown and murky eleven dolphins have
been found dead and experts fear red
tide is to blame Florida is facing an
environmental crisis in the form of
toxic algae on the coast it's red tide
in the canals and waterways
it's blue-green algae it's decimating
marine life people say they're getting
sick just from breathing everything is
at stake my lifestyle is at stake my
recreation is at stake everything I own
is at stake
so I'm cut it all on the line here what
role do you think policy has played in
all of this there needs to be some
tightening down of the screws at
regulation and we need to hold those
accountable for that pollution Josh
Grier owns a fly-fishing shop near Fort
Myers he is a member of the nonprofit
organization captains for clean water
it's an election year
I hope the dynamics of these races
you've seen play out differently because
of what's happening now every politician
is run is is talking about it at least
you know that's a step in the right
direction if we can get politicians to
talk about it we can get them to do the
right thing
toxic algae is polluting Florida's
rivers and beaches
is wreaking havoc on our community
congressman Vern Buchanan is leading the
fight against red tide and toxic algae
firm Buchanan took over $100,000 from
Big Sugar special interest the toxic
algae blooms are mostly caused by runoff
from industrial farms fertilizers
overloaded with nutrients they end up in
Lake Okeechobee and travel into
Florida's rivers and canals
what doesn't end up in the lake can seep
into the groundwater
eventually reaching coastal waters those
nutrients are supercharging the algae
blooms turning Florida's pristine waters
into this this is the most severe and by
far the longest duration red tide we've
seen in recent in recent years John
Scott is the vice chair of a local
Sierra Club chapter he's concerned about
what's happening on the coast and in the
canals and rivers blue-green algae is a
real big concern it's incredibly toxic
it's on par with like poison dart venom
or other types of venom like cobra venom
I'll protect our clean air in water not
corporate polluters or in dealing with
the algae blooms and the red tide this
is gonna be a priority the issue is
front and center in races across the
state most notably in the US Senate race
between bill Nelson and the current
Governor Rick Scott who picked up a new
nickname red tide Rick and it's fair to
blame Rick Scott he savaged
environmental safeguards Bill Nelson
made a pledge 30 years ago to solve this
problem but Nelson's a talker not a doer
is there any indication that there might
be some sort of policy solution or that
any hope given that frustrated folks are
people in a front line and pushing and
fighting is there any hope here yeah the
midterm elections I think that's a big
hope I think if we can get even some of
the people that we're trying to get
elected elected who really care about
our environment I think that will go a
long way towards making progress on the
policy front yet another great piece of
reporting from our own team Tremaine
lien thanked of that and coming up
another issue cropping up ahead of the
midterm elections tonight there are new
charges against a Russian national
alleging election interference for the
midterms that story next
you
hey they're armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
