has been widely expected that White
House Counsel Don McGann would leave the
White House in the fall that's according
to multiple sources outside the White
House based on our reporting well now
the ultimate source is confirming this
Donald Trump himself who is tweeting yes
the council will be leaving his position
in the fall shortly after the
confirmation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh
hopefully he writes to the United States
Supreme Court I have worked with Don for
a long time and truly appreciate his
service
I think NBC's Hans Nichols has ran back
out to the White House North Lawn for us
here and if we see him I'll talk to him
otherwise Anna and Gabby odds are
they're so hot listen here's the thing
and as we have noted on this network
this is not surprising news it has been
it is the worst kept secret in the White
House Tom again is very heavily involved
with the Cavanaugh confirmation it was
expected he would leave after that was
done the president seems to be reacting
to an axial report this morning that
frankly confirmed sort of all of what
folks have been talking about yeah and
and now it's official
you'll be official eventually eventually
will become true like a lot of stories
but I think what we have here is the
president really distilling conventional
wisdom and saying that this is going to
happen putting his mark on this so it's
no longer speculated about the
interesting thing about the White House
Council especially if the Democrats win
the house is that the job changes
drastically it goes from being on
offense which is what Don Magan did
helping get one Supreme Court justice in
trying to Shepherd through another and
it goes to a defensive legal prop
posture it's the production of documents
if Democrats really turn their hearings
their investigative powers on the White
House now Emmett flood had a similar job
during the Clinton administration Emmett
flood served a White House under the
Clinton administration he's there now he
could be moved up the important point to
make about the White House counsel's
office is you don't need Senate
confirmation this is someone is there
serving at the pleasure of the president
that's an entirely different dynamic
then if he fires Jeff Sessions because
Jeff Sessions then his replacement would
have to go before the Senate Judiciary
Committee and then you have all kinds of
public airing well Trump's presidency on
a lot of their legal decisions so
interesting that president is really
confirming it Sally thank you for
checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
