well let's go to Tallahassee right now
and talk to the mayor of Tallahassee
Andrew Gelman Andrew you mr. mayor
you shocked a political world I was
getting phone calls Joe you know Florida
we're worried about this green guy he's
dumping too much cash in Joe Graham she
doesn't have what it everybody was
saying you need to say this on your show
you need to say that on your show
because they all thought the South
Florida guys and women were going to win
this thing you had a you had another
thing in mind how did you shocked the
political world yeah well first of all
good morning Joe and to everyone there
it feels real good
we had over 500,000 people come out
yesterday and support the underdog
candidate at a very very grassroots
level I think my four opponents combined
may have spent close to ninety million
dollars to our six and it was the voices
and the activism of everyday folks all
across the state in red areas blue areas
purple areas of this state who came
together to elect me the Democratic
nominee for governor of the state of
Florida that's the kind of grassroots
support and capacity that's gonna lead
us forth to victory on the 6th of
November you know mr. mayor Ron de
santis who won of course the Republican
nomination for the Senate race he put
out a statement saying that you were far
far too liberal to get elected in the
state of Florida that sounds very
familiar to what a lot of Republicans
were saying about Barack Obama in 2008
that he was the second or third most
liberal senator in the United States
Senate there was no way he would ever be
elected president the United States what
do you say to run to sand us this
morning well I'll just say to Florida
voters and I think they know this and
demonstrated this yesterday in the
primary what we've been talking about
are the issues that are concern every
day people we've talked about what it
means to pay people a wage that they can
live on we've spoken about what it means
to have access to health care as a right
and not a privilege
we talked to them about real criminal
justice reform and these were issues
that showed up for us time and time
in education Florida right now average
teacher pay and the state of Florida is
the 45th lowest of all 50 states with a
third largest state in America and yet
we're back of the pack on some of the
most important areas that matter so
Rhonda Sanchez can talk about race and
liberalism and whatever else he wants to
I'm going to be clearly focused on the
issues that confront everyday Floridians
and I honestly believe that that is
what's going to allow us to carry this
thing to victory on November 6 is not by
running to or from or or left or right
but running directly toward the people
of our state that's what I did in this
primary and that's what we're going to
do in the general so mr. mayor every
citizen of every state is concerned with
I'm sure many of the issues that you
just spoke about health care teacher
salaries good schools for their children
their children's future but every state
like Florida has a problem in terms of
how do you maintain the fiscal health of
the state so what specifically are you
going to do other than raising taxes in
Florida to maintain the fiscal health of
your state
yeah well Florida doesn't lack in many
ways for the resources that we need our
problem is is where we have decided to
place those resources whether we're
going to continue to give major tax
breaks to corporations into very
expensive luxury items or whether we're
going to invest that money and our
children are we going to realign the
political system in this state to pour
more resources into education over the
incarceration of our youth in this state
we spent about $7,500 a year in
educating a kid and near north of
$30,000 a year to incarcerate there's a
mismatch in priorities there it's
important to me that we look top to
bottom at our budget yes we're going to
ensure that everybody pays their fair
share a regular everyday working people
of this state already pay our fair share
it's time to ensure that corporations
also contribute to the pot in such a way
that frankly enriches them when we
produce good educated talent that that
provides a great workforce for them when
we pour into
next generation technology that helps
the corporation's we become a state that
people want to locate in and
corporations want to locate in when we
produce good solid solid qualified
talent to fuel our workforce I think
that's the vision we want to try to
elevate not a low wage economy where
people have to work multiple jobs in
order to make ends meet mr. mayor Sam
Stein here congratulations on the
primary victory last night I saw you say
some time last night in the euphoria
that you didn't really talk a lot about
Donald Trump during the primary campaign
I guess perhaps I'm sort of curious how
that's possible because he dominates
everything but in reality the truth is
his fingerprints are all over our
political system obviously in your state
a huge population of Puerto Ricans have
fled that island for instance because of
the federal response to the hurricane
there so as a general question I am
curious a lot of Trump voters are fully
committed to this man and won't break
with them over pretty much anything but
you do need to reach these people
Florida is a very swing state you do
need to reach these people so what is
your message to perhaps the most
committed Trump voter the person who is
watching Fox News probably seeing Rhonda
Santos on right now what is your message
them about why they should vote for you
well I'll tell you we believe we've got
to talk to Floridians and largely
Floridians who have chosen not to
participate in this political process
because they don't believe in it anymore
talking about Donald Trump and reminding
folks of how bad he is and how
unqualified he is for the job that he
holds didn't do anything to ensure that
they're able to make ends meet doesn't
do anything to ensure that they get
access to good health care and a good
education system and 21st century
transportation and a clean and good
environment so we tried to talk about
those things but without a doubt we know
that that Donald Trump looms in the
shadows here we know that for Hurricane
Maria survivors who were largely in the
i-4 corridor that they have felt
completely disrespected by this
president for Haitian Americans in South
Florida and all over the state who feel
completely disrespected
the rhetoric of this president when it
comes to how he refers to their homeland
what we're going to do however is to
stay very very super concentrated on
what are the experiences the everyday
lived experiences of people in this
state and what we as the next governor
of the state can do to make their lives
better I would suggest that anybody
across this country who is running in
these races that we focus on the people
first they've been let down so many
times by our political system and in
order for candidate like me to win I've
got to be able to turn out those voters
who are highly skeptical of the
political process don't feel like it
works for them anymore and are looking
for a champion of voice they want to be
seen they want to be heard they want to
see themselves reflected and I think
that's what we did in this primary race
and that's going to be critical at
winning in the general and that applies
to rural Florida suburban Florida or
urban Florida if your kids are being
high-stakes tested if you've got to work
multiple jobs if your number-one concern
is going bankrupt over an illness that
could impact you any day of the week
then you run a governor like me who's
going to focus on that all right mayor
Andrew Gilliam talking straight still to
the voters thank you so much and the
conversation has just started we we
invited run to Santos on to talk this
morning but his schedule was a little
busy said his team said they couldn't
make it we hope to have a month sometime
soon
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
