let's go to Arizona meanwhile it is on
the cusp of electing its first female
senator in a race to fill retiring
Senator Jeff Flake s-- u.s. senate seat
congresswoman Kyrsten Sinema won the
Democratic nomination and she's going to
be facing off against Republican
congresswoman martha mcsalley
who defeated former state senator kelly
ward and former sheriff joe arpaio in
her bid for the GOP nomination and there
heidi well president Trump didn't
endorse and Arizona's US Senate primary
but he did take a victory lap anyway not
exactly sure posting it to Twitter at
12:40 4 a.m. washington i'm martha
mcsalley running in the arizona primary
for the US senate was endorsed by
rejected Senator Jeff Flake and turned
it down a first NBC News captured video
of mcsalley reading and reacting to the
president's tweet in which he appears to
say oh no earlier she refused to comment
on flake service to the state today is
about the next senator for this state so
you guys can make the comparisons does
he serve the state level you guys can
sort that out well so let's Heidi
obviously they're mean the Republican
Party's changed a great deal since
Donald Trump started running since
Donald Trump got elected that's the sort
of thing you would never see in the past
where a candidate wouldn't even talk
about a man who served his state
honorably but talk about Arizona and how
Arizona may have avoided the Arizona
Republican Party may have avoided a
disaster in the fall and actually moved
away from the person who was desperately
trying to tie herself to Donald Trump
this is the best possible outcome Joe
for Republicans if anyone showed us how
to walk this tightrope of
trying to not completely embrace Donald
Trump but trying not to alienate him it
was martha mcsalley she did not endorse
him when he was running for president
but she did not alienate him either
she at one point called him a friend and
then in the final moments of the
campaign she tightened her position on
immigration she'll be running against
Kyrsten Sinema who is by all accounts a
moderate part of the Blue Dog Coalition
and I think this race will be a very
good test of whether or not someone like
martha mcsalley can survive though in
the end having somewhat aligned herself
with Trump in this race because it is so
close and I think it's going to expose
as well Joe one of the really under
covered stories of the 2016 election
which was just how close the Democrats
came in some of these traditionally red
states in Arizona Hillary Clinton only
lost by about three point four
percentage points so if Martha if
they're Democrats can do a good job
there of tying martha mcsalley despite
her efforts to walk that tightrope to
trump and really gin up their turnout it
is possible that they could pull off an
upset even though the prognosticators at
this point are still saying that given
the traditional patterns they're
mcsalley may have the early advantage
early advantage says Solis well what's
your takeaway from the election results
are you looking at the Florida race and
surprised in Florida as one of the most
interesting races in the fall well
clearly the Florida race is fascinating
just because you have two young
politicians the same age from just the
far reaches of both of their parties so
that of course is going to definitely be
something that I'm excited to sit back
and watch and see how it plays out but
also in Arizona I think that what
representative mcsalley has done is
incredibly interesting and the fact that
she managed to preserve her authenticity
and not alienate Trump voters without
going too far in the other
correction has been somewhat of a model
to watch and so we'll see how that plays
out for her in a state that Heidi as she
was explaining you know did isn't as
close isn't his resembling Republican as
it has been in the past I would say that
you can't understate how good a job and
how relieved Mitch McConnell and his
crew are over this result it could have
been a total disaster
Kelly Ward Ward Rowe our pile when a
surefire loser in that state they
swooped in when it became very clear
that they had this problem on their
hands they convinced the congresswoman
to run she ended up running a very solid
campaign and they avoided what could
have been a Rory Moore situation now I
don't know if the seed ends up staying
in Republican hands it's a very tough
race but Senate Republican leadership
has done a decent job I would argue
since the Alabama debacle in trying to
shore up their position when you look at
the contrast with Virginia at fool ESPYs
race and how he came out tarnished from
that because that just wasn't who Ed
Gillespie was and voters could sense the
you know this inauthenticity yeah see if
I'm struck by at least three themes that
seem to be consistent and every one of
the elections will held thus far this
year volatility turnout and Trump yeah
talk about the Trump in volatility
factor too in Arizona it looks like and
it is lemak Sally won this thing
resoundingly but if you show those
numbers again and you add up the Kelly
Ward and Joe Arpaio vote you're close to
50% will Stephen always tallied exactly
how close they come they're I think one
of the other stories that's emerging
here is there was some mystery around
the question of why was Joe Arpaio in
this race in the first place at 86 years
old he just got pardoned last year√≠s he
had 47 48 percent right there if you add
it up right now still a considerable
amount to come in there are some
indications right now that one of the
reasons our paayo might have gotten in
this race is there might have been some
folks around him who were on that Trump
side of the party who were disgruntled
with Kelly Ward and so what he basically
did was you saw a case perfect split
almost right down the middle of the
Trump wing of the party right there that
allows mcsalley to come up and win it is
it's a twenty four point margin or award
but if you break that down another way
the Trump wing versus
non-trump when you're almost at 50/50
right there so the the biggest factor I
think in this race from mcsalley might
have been that our piyo got in this race
split that Trump vote very well and you
got to say looking ahead to the general
election
Arizona look it's been 30 years since
they elected our a Democrat to the US
Senate the most recent polling we have
out there take it for what it's worth
Kyrsten Sinema
four points over mcsalley so maybe
walking into that general election
they're certainly in the best position
of Democrats been in in 30 years it's
certainly hard to project right now
Steve but in that Florida governor's
race obviously going to be one that's
gonna be really closely watched across
the country right now who would you put
as the early favorite in that race
somebody Believe It or Not to polls this
year have been taken in that matchup of
Gilliam versus DeSantis a very unlikely
matchup the most recently one I think
was about six weeks ago and it was 39 to
36 Gilliam over De Santis I mean look I
think basically you look at the very
close ties there the very close
association that the Santos has with
Trump and Democrats think that is the
thing that's ultimately gonna carry the
day for them in 2018 they look in 2014
and 2010 Democrats were close to winning
the governorship very close to winning
the governorship in Florida but what did
you have in 2014 and 2010 you had
midterm environments that were very
friendly to the Republican Party
Democrats would say hey look we were
closed in 2010 closed in 2014 now you
got LA Ric's got like candidate in 2018
but you throw in a very different
midterm climate in that Trump baggage
Democrats will say it's gonna make the
difference for them Republicans are
gonna say hey look you know too far to
the left for Gilliam and also I think
the wild card here we have to say is
nobody was talking about Gilliam until
24 hours ago we're gonna find out a lot
about in my think now that nobody was
saying before and boy Michael still you
have candidates like Gilliam coming from
nowhere beating other candidates who
were tough he surges ahead to 34% more
times they're not candidates like that
have history on their side they have
momentum on their side and
it also that victory if Gilliam runs a
strong race that's very good news for
Bill Nelson who is struggling in the
race of his life right now against Rick
Scott yeah absolutely I mean Gilliam
could have the effect of pulling out a
lot more of that Democratic vote in fact
if you peel back a little bit of the
numbers and Steve has done a phenomenal
job in doing that over the last 18 hours
or so you'll see that the young vote
turned out that there was a youth vote
if you will that that really coalesced
around Gilliam with that along with
other energies that are currently on the
ground there in Florida the anti-trump
feel and all of that it could be a nice
set up where you could have Gilliam
actually pulling and creating coattails
for for the Democrats up and down the
line but here's the other side of that
conversation I think you need to take
into account as well we don't know yet
fully what the full measure of the Trump
vote is in Florida two years later and
so I think that's going to be something
very interesting to watch too you'll
also have the overlay of race playing
out in Florida along with the the sort
of the philosophical differences is you
if you will so there are a lot of
dynamics on the ground here that are
going to be taking shape and forming
this race between the Santos and Gilliam
which could have a ripple effect on a
bunch of other races as well well we we
need to go with Steve Kornacki that
opens up an important question of course
Tim Russert 2000 talked about Florida
Florida Florida as the ultimate purple
state the ultimate swing state and
that's what we believe for a very long
time but Donald Trump shocked the world
by winning Florida in 2016
a lot of people surprised and asking me
why is Rick Scott still ahead in Florida
in a Senate race in in in a year when
Donald Trump is impacting the outcome of
races the way is and we showed a clip of
Puerto Rico which who was supposed to
bring a lot more Puerto Ricans to
Central Florida which was supposed to
help the Democratic candidates what's
going on in Florida right now
yeah no it isn't this has been the
outlier you're trying to look at all
these competitive Senate races you look
at all of the states that Trump won very
closely in 2016 where Democrats are up
in 2018 Michigan Ohio and Ohio wasn't as
close but Michigan Ohio Pennsylvania
Wisconsin the Democratic incumbents for
Senate there seemed to be in pretty good
shape - very good shape and then you go
down to Florida as you say and and also
Donald Trump's numbers have just
completely nosedive and you know he's
got real X in the low 30s and was caught
in in Wisconsin and Michigan and I
believe in Ohio but in Florida he's
still riding high in the mid 40s yeah
and I think a couple things might be
going on there number one one thing that
III think I put a little bit more stock
in now and I didn't at the outset of
this race is a lot of people were
measuring rick scott against 2010 in
2014 when he eked out wins and governors
races I think less than 50% there and
then saying well you know in a different
midterm climate now the guy is doomed
well I think he became more popular with
Florida voters in his second term so I
think that's a factor Nelson we got to
say for a senator who's been there for
three terms you know it's it's not clear
how deep his base of support has ever
really been there he's got some brakes
he's running some favorable years for
Democrats 2000 ended up being a
favorable Senate year for them 2006 was
a very favorable Senate year he drew
Katherine Harris is an opponent then
so how tested has he really been and the
other thing is yeah Florida it's a state
where I think there's just and you see
this in those in those turnout numbers
from the primary last night yeah
democratic energy and enthusiasm
absolutely through the roof last night
in that primary Republican enthusiasm
and energy is right there - I'll tell
you what you want to try to interpret
what Florida could mean nationally how
about this for a possible confusing
outcome what if we wake up after the
election and we say Bill Nelson has been
ousted by Rick Scott in the race for US
Senate and the next governor of Florida
is Andrew Gilliam very possible right
very possible we'll see and still Evan
Morning Joe in the words of one
Republican senator a quote nothing lasts
forever some lawmakers are writing off
jeff sessions while others are rallying
around him plus it's not just America's
Intel community that's heard enough from
Devon Nunez British spies apparently
didn't take him seriously enough
either to even have an appointment with
him when he flew to London to get a
briefing we're gonna get that new
reporting ahead you're watching Morning
Joe we'll be right back thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
