but the other important thing going on
here is that the president of course
isn't alone in his crusade to try to
dismantle or roadblock the Russia
investigation and all of its component
parts by going after key personnel and
officials who have connections to
different parts of the investigation
this is from an almost lyrical portrait
more than 20 years ago was written in
1996 it was published in the New York
Times about the head of a drug gang in
the Bronx and the criminal organization
that he ran in the Bronx quote when the
history is written of the drug gangs of
New York in the 1980s and the mid-1990s
the kind that wrecked a city's nerves
helped create record high murder rates
and made gun fire a common sound in many
neighborhoods the author of that history
might want to spend a chapter on Jose
Reyes or as he was known I'll fail calm
charismatic and predatory Jose Reyes
rose to become both dealer and supplier
building an empire operating in a
neighborhood doused in drug money mr.
Reyes was a general in an army he also
devoured books on the Mafia he read
Machiavelli he argued Gibran's
philosophy and he killed managing a hit
team that left a trail of rivals dead in
Manhattan and the Bronx he was so well
insulated that it took law enforcement
authorities several years to even hear
of his existence
when they did they were often amazed at
his reach two months ago mr. Reyes was
convicted of running a drug organization
and of killing seven men this guy's name
was Jose Reyes they called him El FeO
which means the ugly one and it was one
of the legendary gang prosecutions of
that whole era his whole organization
but also he himself indicted in 1994
they tried el feyo the tried Jose Reyes
in federal court in New York City the
judge deliberated for eight days when
they came back they ruled that he was
guilty of seven murders which meant of
course life in prison prosecution was
led in part by an assistant US attorney
in the Southern District of New York who
was thought of
as a bit of a Brainiac before law school
he had graduated from Harvard with a
degree in physics after he helped bring
that successful landmark alphao
prosecution in New York that assistant
US attorney got a big promotion he was
named chief of the violent gangs unit
for the whole Southern District of New
York it would not be long though before
main justice main Justice Department DC
hired him away from the US Attorney's
Office in New York and at main justice
in DC he rose quickly to lead the
organized crime and racketeering section
for the whole Department of Justice his
specialty was international organized
crime to run that section he became
known as an intricate manager he liaised
the Justice Department not just with the
FBI but with other law enforcement and
intelligence agencies all around the
world he built and maintained those
contacts for the benefit of the Justice
Department and that makes sense he was
leading a team that was prosecuting
international organized crime so you
need those Intel and international law
enforcement connections in 2003 he
oversaw the team that indicted the boss
of all bosses in the Russian mafia and
that made big news at the time I'm I
have to admit though the big news it
made at the time when the Justice
Department indicted the godfather of the
Russian mafia was it was somewhat
limited by the fact that nobody could
pronounce the name of the guy they just
indicted today we have some of the FBI's
most wanted for you this is Simon Miguel
Miguel ovitch he's wanted for
racketeering securities fraud wire and
mail fraud and money laundering
we're told he has pock marks on his face
smokes heavily and uses a Russian
passport he's considered armed and
dangerous
I am no better at pronouncing Russian
names than the next guy I think it's
semion mogilevich I've been practicing
that's probably still wrong semion
mogilevich is considered to be the
godfather of the Russian mob he's one of
the most wanted men in the world he has
been for years he's a fugitive from
justice he's under indictment in the
United States he's on the most-wanted
list for the FBI but they haven't been
able to get him very few pictures of him
even exist
mogilevich his name
turned up though in a couple of
different ways in the Russia
investigation involving president Trump
a Russian born ex-con who worked for a
while at the Trump Organization who
worked with Michael Cohen and the plan
to try and build a Trump Tower in Moscow
during the presidential campaign that
effort that then candidate Donald Trump
inexplicably lied about and publicly
denied during the campaign he has been
described publicly as having links to
semion mogilevich and his organized
crime Network although he denies any
such link semion Mogilevich also turns
up in pull mana for its business history
because at one point Paul Manafort
pursued what would have been a gigantic
real-estate deal in New York City with
some Russian linked Ukrainian business
partners that wrote that real estate
deal never came to pass
but it was the subject of litigation in
the US and great controversy in Ukraine
because that would be real estate deal
was suspected of essentially being away
for Paul Manafort to help launder some
of semion Mogilevich his money that he
had earned as head of the Russian mob so
semion Mogilevich this-this-this top
figure in the Russian mafia starring
role on the FBI's 10 most wanted
international fugitives list a guy who
periodically leads to headlines like
like this one whenever the FBI starts
talking about him again FBI mobster more
powerful than Gotti the Justice
Department official who actually led the
effort to indict semion mogilevich led
the effort to bring him to justice in US
courts that's the same harvard brainiac
who had come up from gang Duty in the
Southern District of New York after
prosecuting the drug gangs and L fail
right soon after he got to the Justice
Department he indicted the head of the
Russian mafia
he also played another key role in the
case of another bold-faced name who has
ended up having a starring role in the
Russia scandal and the legal eagle
trouble surrounding this president and
his campaign I mentioned those 1500
pieces of evidence that the special
counsels office says they're going to
use every single one of in their trial
for Paul Manafort in Washington DC well
at least a couple of those pieces of
evidence appear to explicitly relat a
Russian oligarch linked to Vladimir
Putin who's
name is Oleg Deripaska he is apparently
going to play a role in the Manafort
trial coming up in DC you will also
remember that Oleg Deripaska is named
surfaced in reporting earlier this year
when the Atlantic magazine in the
Washington Post turned up emails that
indicated that while Manta fort was
running Trump's presidential campaign he
was simultaneously offering private
briefings on the election and the
campaign to this Russian oligarch - Oleg
Deripaska last year last spring The
Associated Press reported that Manta
fort had entered into a ten million
dollar a year contract with Oleg
Deripaska to promote the interests of
Vladimir Putin's government around the
globe well in 2006 that same Justice
Department official the one who had
started is the gang prosecutor taking
apart those drug gangs in the Bronx the
guy who had worked his way up to
becoming an expert on transnational
organized crime the guy who led the team
that brought the prosecution of the head
of the Russian mafia that same official
quote was part of a group of government
officials who revoked the visa of Oleg
Deripaska a Russian billionaire and
aluminum magnate officials were
concerned that mr. Deripaska might try
to come to the United States to launder
illicit profits through real estate the
Russia scandal around this president and
particularly the part of it that has led
to these two federal criminal trials
against the president's campaign
chairman it has an organized-crime
element to it it has a Russian organized
crime element to it and now as the
president moles pardoning Paul Manafort
and he moles replacing his White House
Council if the White House Council won't
let him pardon Paul Manafort as the
president openly moles firing the
Attorney General of the United States in
the midst of the Manafort prosecution as
a way to try to make the Russia
investigation all go away today
Republicans in Congress spent the entire
day going after that Justice Department
official I've been talking about that
specific official who started with the
alphao case and the drug gangs in the
Bronx who rose to become the head of
organized crime and racketeering
the Justice Department who became the
Justice Department's expert on a Russian
organized crime
the guy who indicted the head of the
Russian mafia the guy who became the
Justice Department's lead Council for
transnational organized crime and
international affairs the guy who had
been part of the team that banned Paul
mana for its patron and business partner
Oleg Deripaska from doing business or
visiting the United States on the basis
of his alleged ties to organized crime
in Russia that Justice Department
official that guy his named Bruce or and
he is the object of conspiracy
conspiracy theories and condemnation on
right-wing media on a 24-hour loop and
today pro-trump republican members of
congress summoned bruce or to testify
behind closed doors before two separate
republican LED committees and then
despite the closed door nature of his
testimony those Republicans immediately
went out to the cameras to talk to
reporters about how Bruce or was a liar
and to basically accuse him of being the
rut at the heart of the Moller
investigation and the Russia scandal
more broadly the New York Times this
weekend profiled bruce ors long history
in leading american law enforcement
efforts against russian organized crime
there is a Russian organized crime
element to the Trump Russia scandal
today House Republicans literally came
back from their summer vacation early to
spend the day trying to destroy Bruce or
from politico.com today quote House
Republicans are fixated on a handful of
career Justice Department and FBI
officials over the past year as they've
sought to cast doubt on the legitimacy
of the investigators who launched the
Russia probe first the spotlight was on
Jim Comey and Andrew McCabe then Peter
struck and Lisa Paige now Republicans
intent on proving that political bias is
behind the sprawling investigation of
president Trump's ties to Russia now
Republicans are elevating a new
bureaucratic target Justice Department
official Bruce or you know when they
went after Peter struck they were going
after the top counterintelligence
official at the FBI with experience in
breaking up Russian intelligence
operations on US soil and going after
Bruce or today they're trying to take
out one of American law enforcement top
expert
on Russian organized crime and I don't
know exactly what these targeted attacks
by the White House and congressional
Republicans will ultimately do to the
capabilities of the Justice Department
and the FBI when it comes to fighting
things like Russian intelligence
operations in the United States and
Russian organized crime and Russian
money-laundering through American real
estate right but you can imagine how
satisfying a day like today must have
been for semion mogilevich to see
Broussard get his turn in the barrel
like this right you can imagine how
delightful that was for the Russian
mafia you can imagine what a nice turn
of events today must've been when viewed
from the perspective of the Kremlin
we'll be right back hey there are Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
