this mystery that still hangs over the
remarkable events of last week it's easy
to get overwhelmed by all the different
threads here Paul Manafort is now a
convicted felon with two trials to go
and these leaks that he might plea
Michael Cohen's a convicted felon who
admitted that as a lawyer for Trump he
knowingly helped Trump break the law to
influence an election Roger stone is a
potential target whose darkly predicting
both his own indictment and that of
Donald Trump jr. now this week it's a
lot but tonight exactly one week out
from that Cohen plea deal we still don't
know why Cohen pled guilty this
particular way we don't know if he'll
ever cooperate with the feds in New York
or Bob Muller and when you think about
it that's remarkable because unlike say
stone who just resists cooperation or
mana for who faced down a whole trial
before any conversations about a plea
Michael Cohen had been openly
auditioning for cooperation he was
leaking that he had a story to tell his
new lawyer Lanny Davis was telling
everyone who would listen including my
colleague Rachel Maddow that Colin knew
things of interest to Bob Mulder and
still knows them which is kind of a
trumpian way to communicate with Miller
basically yelling on TV come interview
us and yet there are zero reports up to
tonight that muddlers team has
interviewed Cohen and Cohen's only key
legal team hasn't suggested it happened
either and Cohen has now pled guilty
without this cooperation agreement in
public of any kind and fact it was in
that remarkable appearance Tuesday that
we learned the details of course there
were no cameras in court but those words
they certainly jumped off the page of
the transcript judge now mr. Cohen your
attorney has informed me that you wish
to enter a plea of guilty do you wish to
enter a plea of guilty defendant Michael
Cohen yes sir the judge have you had a
full opportunity to discuss your case
with your attorney and to discuss the
consequences of entering a plea of
guilty the defendant yes your honor
honor about the summer of 2016 in
coordination with and at the direction
of a candidate for federal office I am
the CEO of a media company at the
request of the candidate works together
to keep an individual within firm
that would be harmful to the candidate
and to the campaign from publicly
disclosing this information I
participated in this conduct which on my
part took place in Manhattan for the
principle purpose of influencing the
election so we know all that which
leaves a big question hanging out there
is that it does Cohen beg for leniency
and move on
does Muller know something that we don't
and has concluded that Cohen is just not
important a figure in this Russia probe
well tonight there are new clues and the
news is no based on reporting from our
sister channel CNBC while Muller did
hand off the investigation of Cohen
himself motors team has continued to
investigate how Cohen fits into the
larger picture asking witnesses about
Cohen's involvement in the Trump
campaign itself well after the April
raid on Cohen's property which of course
is when things shifted to New York
stretching into May they were asking
witnesses if Cohen did his own personal
business while he worked for Trump and
why such a loyal lawyer for Donald Trump
never got a job in the Trump White House
now that last question in this new
report is important because it could be
ominous for the Trump White House it
goes to who knew what about Cohen's
legal problems did people at the White
House know about these new crimes that
Cohen has confessed you were they part
of them did they want to keep him out of
the White House for that very reason
because it was always curious that Trump
did not find any government role for
Cohen consider these high-profile
departures from the Trump administration
their hiring policies pretty loose and
has a lot of people coming and going yet
Cohen wasn't one of them and he himself
was clearly publicly sad about not
getting asked to do anything so again
with this new reporting tonight that
we're learning Miller's asking about
this not because he cares how the White
House is staffed but because the curious
avoidance of Michael Cohen maybe of
investigative interest it may relate to
potential criminal intent now to find
out why the president's lawyer and fixer
and Trump or gigs a cute 'iv didn't get
hired well the president would be a key
witness to interview about that and
Trump's allies are now saying they're
good
for a grand jury subpoena from Bob
Miller to do exactly that the tactic of
the Trump team I have no inside
information on this but the tactic of
the Trump team is to make the Muller
team an offer they can't accept so that
in the end there will be no sit-down and
the Trump team can say look we made them
an offer it's their fault they didn't
accept it
I suspect that Muller is on to this
tactic and is now looking forward to
filing some kind of a legal action
compelling the president to appear in
front of a grand jury I'm joined now by
Pullman Watergate special prosecutor
Nick Ackerman Burton newborn a founding
legal director the brennan center for
justice and civil liberties expert and
then white you professor Christina
Beltran thanks to all of you Burt your
view of this unusual style of Cohen
pleading and and what it what it
pretends well I don't think it's
particularly unusual don't forget now
you've got two teams of prosecutors
there's the new york prosecutor that
worked out this particular plea deal but
then there's more hovering thinking that
maybe he's going to be able to get more
information from cone that will take him
closer to the president so it doesn't
surprise me that they're operating on
parallel tracks and that I suspect that
Muller is going to try very very hard to
use cone to get as close to the
president right so you think that's
still what he's tracking take a listen
to Sam Nunn Berg who talked about the
Moller questioning he's been inside that
room I was in there around like five to
six hours and there could have a lot of
it had to do specifically with Michael
and the fact that they then I don't know
they put out Michaels a case to the
Southern District meant to me that they
didn't really believe that Michael had
anything of value Nick your view my view
is that Michael Cohen is cooperating
with Muller and he's cooperating with
the Southern District the plea that he
entered into that plea agreement was
exactly the same plea agreement that I
did with a client about a summer ago
where there was also contemporaneous a
cooperation agreement that was put under
seal at the same time in the
his chambers I think the same thing is
going on here there's no way that that
Cohen would take a six year exposure
that the entire allocution and the plea
agreement would be tailored the way it
was unless it was being orchestrated by
the Muller team on top of all that you
also had this odd situation the last day
where Lanny Davis came out and said well
I really can't tell you whether or not
Muller
that my client knows anything about the
Russian investigation but I can tell you
exactly what happened there
he went over his bounds he started
talking too much about what it was this
client does know about the Trump Tower
meeting and other aspects of the Russian
investigation and the Muller team came
down on him like a ton of bricks and
told him that if he continued to do that
or his client continued to do that that
there would be no cooperation agreement
that has basically been the way that the
Muller team has worked you haven't heard
Flynn say a word about anything with
respect to the Russian investigation you
haven't heard Rick gates say anything
about the Russian investigation we know
that there was another matter that was
brought before the judge in Northern
Virginia that was done in under seal we
know that certain materials his
statements Rick Gates's statements had
to be turned over to the defense at that
time they have an idea and metaphor it
has a good idea now what Gates is
staying about that you should
investigate your theory here is the
reason why the way it looks in public
doesn't make sense is because the way it
looks in public is not the full story
that Michael Cohen didn't just plead out
of the blue with no other idea that he
could get leniency and that Lanny Davis
sounds wishy-washy not because he's a
potential idiot but because he is
responding to pressures that are greater
than his previous media strategy yeah
absolutely I mean he was basically told
by the prosecutors you cannot be making
statements about what your clients going
to say I mean the reason that Lanny
Davis has been trying to humanize his
client and put him out there in the
media is because they're trying to raise
money for his defense fund that's the
reason they're doing it's the only
logical reason you can think of as to
why there
doing that which goes to the Curious
Case of Michael Cohen there's there's
been the saying that many people that
work for Donald Trump are ruined by it
but there's also something that happens
where when Donald Trump ruins someone it
drastically shifts their public
perception almost overnight we hit
reporting that Michael Cohen was being
congratulated in high-five after pleaded
guilty to crimes which is weird James
Comey was widely reviled by the partisan
Democratic Hillary Clinton supporters
for the unusual choices he made but then
became something of a public hero and
truth teller let's listen to Michael
Cohen here explaining the role he was
going to play that was not really in the
White House but was still for the
president before all this happened I'm
going to be the personal attorney to mr.
Trump I'm not going to be in government
but I'm going to remain technically in
the same role for mr. Trump for
president Trump that clip which made you
sound like someone who didn't get the
ring spinning it is now I guess we
report something mother's investigating
why was that decision made he doesn't
look that happy about it
and what is your view politically on the
wider scale of these sort of
resuscitation of Michael Cohen right
these are fascinating because I think
one thing I keep thinking about his own
Melania told Donald Trump you should
pick Pence because he's clean
right Cohen is not clean all right so
Cohen didn't get to get into the White
House because of real in it so there's a
real sense of intimacy between him and
Donald Trump they know each other and so
the betrayal between them is deep and I
think those I think one of the things I
think of now is sort of the passion of
the converted you have Cohen they're not
just this is a Comey who's somebody
who's sort of doing his job and you know
we might disagree with it but we know he
did what he thought was right this is
also you know the relate to it Cohen and
Trump is a relationship based on
intimacy and passion and the kind of
rage and desire to get back at Trump and
the desire for Trump to get back at
Cohen these are now really intense
relationships that are going to impact
how and when and how he speaks to Muller
and it's gonna have a real impact on the
entire political dynamic here because
these are long-standing relationships of
deep intimacy and the man who said I'm
gonna take a bullet for Donald Trump now
wants to wield the gun in a different
way and that's gonna play out well don't
forget what
tremendously important thing happened
they went in with a search warrant and
got all of Kong's files that change
that's got to change the way the cone
thinks and Trump thinks I think there
was a period when the president thought
he could make Kohn his private lawyer
and that would mean an attorney-client
relationship and he was dropping a cone
of silence over cone and then when the
prosecutor broke that door down and got
all of his files that entire strategy
went up in flames and I at this point I
think Cohen's probably turned on the
president and turned on him in
self-defense because Muller's got all of
that information so in that comparison
then Nick how do you how do you explain
that unlike Flynn and others there is no
public statement of cooperation is it
just that as Bert is referring to
there's so much evidence to go through
and that Cohen is is in many ways even
more has more credibility problems than
even Mike Flynn which is saying
something
and so the prosecutors effectively
wanted him to get in and before the
60-day window and everything else that's
coming down the pike here say you got a
plea to this if we're even gonna
consider leniency no I don't think they
would have done that they would not have
pleaded to a six-year felony the idea
that he is not supportable I mean the
fact that there is a search warrant the
fact that there are these documents and
there are these tapes make him actually
a more credible witness because that's
where the corroboration is going to come
from just like you saw the prosecutors
with respect to Rick gates corroborating
everything he said with documents and in
Nana Ford's own handwriting you're gonna
see the same thing with Cohen I mean
even on this whole issue of the payoffs
to the two women you've got Trump on
tape he tape recorded Trump I mean that
supports what he says so in some ways
Cohen is going to be no different than
any other any of the other accomplice
witnesses I
agreement is really detract away from
what Cohen really knows in what he's
doing and I think that Muller wants to
keep the attention on the Southern
District right now not make it look as
though he's necessarily the star witness
for the Moller team which I believe he
is and he's going he's the star witness
oh I think because I think he knows
something about Russia
oh yeah he's one of the three stars
along with Flynn and Rick gates and mana
for mana fort is on deck TIF what it
suddenly become the new canary it
depends on your analysis whether his
casting agent here his lawyer one can
make it I mean the key the key that's
hanging out there is Colton cone is the
link to the president and I think that
Muller is pushing that as hard as he's
going to go maybe through a secret
cooperation agreement of maybe through
just putting continued pressure on him
but it just doesn't surprise me
yeah a long-standing relationships that
are based on a certain level of sort of
self interested in mistrust as well so I
mean I think when you think about the
politics of a celebrity can combined
with this and the fact that Cohen has
been described as an evidence hoarder
you know and when you're dealing with
Donald Trump that makes sense right you
and so Omarosa is point about having
receipts Cohen has ten years of receipts
right so the amount of information that
he has combined with the sort of
emotional dynamics at play here are
gonna make this just fascinating to
watch me right and when you'll ensure
that it also raises the question of what
were they all thinking during the
campaign of well gosh
this is getting really serious and if we
do win is it going to be the worst thing
that ever happened it was personally hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
