the unnecessary controversy Donald Trump
created after John McCain's death
illustrates what has become a reality
but the president makes no attempt to
undertake or even understand the duties
the American people have come to expect
of the leader of the free world Ashley
Parker of the Washington Post calls him
the president non grata she saw she
writes this morning in the Washington
Post less than two years into his first
term Trump has often come to occupy the
role of pariah both unwelcome and
unwilling to perform the basic rituals
and ceremonies of the presidency from
public displays of mourning to cultural
ceremonies Trump's conspicuous absences
at both McCain's and Barbara Bush's
funerals offer perhaps the starkest
examples of the ways in which Trump
finds himself ostracized from some of
the duties other presidents performs is
almost de-facto aspects of their job and
Ashley Parker joins us now and Ashley I
love great newspaper leads and so here
you go kid shun did two funerals in one
role wedding so far President Trump may
well be on his way to becoming president
non grata great job great job now my
question for you
after reading the piece and it jumped
into my mind reading a very fine piece
this morning in the Washington Post is
how difficult it must have been what did
you hear according to your reporting how
difficult must it have been for General
John Kelly who spent his entire life in
the marine corps dedicated to fighting
for freedom and as part of that job
knows what to do when someone dies so
this is one of these stories the the
president's behavior surrounding Senator
McCain's death it looks good for no one
in this White House it made the
president himself look small and petty
but you're right it's also the people
around him who sort of know what is
called for in these times especially
general Kelly but also even someone like
you know White House press secretary
Sarah Huckabee Sanders who was one of
the people who came to the president
before Senator McCain had passed with a
statement and you know had to listen to
the president sort of say no I mean
we're not gonna call him a hero we're
not gonna praise his life in his
military service and there's work and
I'm just simply gonna send out a tweet
she too is is the daughter of a
prominent politician so there's that
sort of extra little parallel or
poignancy and so this was something
everyone in the White House sort of
understood or most everyone in the White
House understood was unacceptable
behavior Michael Steele I don't say this
as an indictment of you trust me but you
are of Washington you've lived in
Washington for a long time you
understand politics you were a part of
politics you were chairman of the
Republican National Committee am I
correct in thinking that maybe beneath
the surface of what happened after in
the aftermath of John McCain's death
with the flag and the president's
behavior toward McCain in his refusal to
lower the flag to half-staff that
Washington and and most Republican
senators failing to stand up an outrage
over it that they don't understand that
one of the commonalities of life in
America life in the world maybe but life
in America specifically is people know
what to do when they go to a wake or
when they go to a funeral they know what
to do they know what's right what do you
sense is missing in the political
establishment in Washington specifically
the Republican Party the Republican
Senate will leave the house to itself
what is missing and why cojones backbone
spine whatever you want to call it it is
appalling
it is galling it is imperative
embarrassing
particularly among members of the Senate
who having served with John McCain and
even you know engaged in battles with
him and all of that good stuff no
kind of man he was new his service to
the nation could not find it within
themselves on this one thing let alone
when when the president you know
ridiculed McCain's service and said he
wasn't a hero that you know I I'd like
people who don't get caught in all of
that crazy regardless of that in this
moment could not find the words to say
to the nation but most specifically to
the president this is wrong
tells you everything you want to know
these folks are more concerned about
returning to Washington in their elected
seats come January then they are about
anything else right now we sugarcoat
this stuff we talk about analysis here
and all the stuff this is the bottom
line
we can't psychoanalyze these further
than that the most important thing for a
member of the United States Senate and
then you remember the United States
House of Representatives who is a
Republican is to maintain that see
regardless and so values principles
ideas standing for one of their own
who's being assaulted to the degree that
John McCain has been assaulted by this
president
no that's less important than getting
reelected and it is a damnable offense I
think that will be paid for in spades
starting this November that's quite an
indictment thank you I appreciate that
Frank you've served along people who
have died in the line of duty
yeah I've served also along some great
leaders in government service and who
understand what it means to adhere to
tradition and custom and care for your
people and so not getting it right when
a long term heroic u.s. senator passes
not getting invited to places because of
your own personality flaws undermines
your ability to lead we need leaders to
show up at things that are traditional
and customary and when he doesn't do
that he continues to erode erode his own
ability to shine the lessee are from a
region of the country Mississippi where
there is deservedly so great emphasis
put on patriotism and service to the
country so what about this
we've just seen a spectacular and
upsetting display of pettiness and
jealousy envy really from the president
toward an individual John McCain who
died what happens in your region of the
country or what's your assessment of
what might happen in the country the
next time this man mr. Trump tweets
about the need to support and be loyal
to veterans well I think that this
episode has been more of a Washington
story than it has actually trickled down
to people in red states where Donald
Trump is hugely popular I called up my
mother and asked her what she thought
about the way Donald Trump was tweeting
John McCain and she said well you know I
heard he did lower the flag and had
missed all of the hoopla over you know
the back and forth and the pettiness
before Donald Trump was forced to make
that play and so I think a lot of it our
news silos are so extreme now between
tribes and if people don't seek out news
outside of what is reinforcing their
preconceived notions you might not
necessarily get that and you might not
eat and it might not even be for lack of
trying it might be just that you're not
plugged into the 24/7 news cycle and so
it doesn't necessarily seep in but
Donald Trump supporters know by this
stage in the game that he isn't some
gracious statesman they don't expect
that kind of behavior from him and
they've been willing to excuse it time
and time again in the past we have our
answer here I mean in the campaign he
insulted McCain's service since although
the fact that he got captured and the
assumption was among people like us
stupid people that it was gonna cripple
his campaign that we died would be the
end of John Donald Trump and of course
that wasn't and I think to a certain
degree
Trump is no dummy he recognizes that he
got away with stuff like that
he's built it into part of his brand and
I think for people like the average
voter in Mississippi Donald Trump's cult
of personalities has far more
gravitational pull than a weeks-long
news cycle by John McCain's funeral hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this
to see lots of other great videos
