I hate to tell you Porto Rico but you've
thrown our budget a little out of whack
because we've spent a lot of money on
Puerto Rico and that's fine we've saved
a lot of lives if you look at the every
death is a horror but if you look at a
real catastrophe like Katrina and you
look at the tremendous hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of people that
died and you look at what happened here
with really a storm that was just
totally overpowering nobody's ever seen
anything like this now what is your what
is your death count as of this moment 17
16 16 people certified 16 people versus
in the thousands you can be very proud
of all of your people all of our people
working together 16 versus literally
thousands of people it wasn't a real
catastrophe like Katrina though but the
official death toll from Hurricane Maria
was just raised to nearly 3,000 by the
island's governor following a new study
by George Washington University this is
over 46 times the previous government
count of 64 people who wants to take a
crack at the following question how does
this happen that were nearly a year out
from the devastation that this hurricane
caused to part of America part of the
United States of America with American
citizens living there many of them went
without electricity up until about a
month ago and it was the casualty count
was 64 for nearly a year I'll take a
crack go ahead it's a combination of
everything we've been talking about
first thing is we have an incredible
metabolism for news so we moved on
immensely quickly from this story to
something else the second thing is we
have obsequious Republicans in Congress
who refused to do any actual type of
oversight on this if you actually look
at congressional oversight it's been
sorely lacking so we have is a situation
in which the main culprits here terrible
infrastructure on the island terrible
federal government response and a mix of
climate change induced hurricanes all
combined and Congress basically said all
right it happened let's not study this
and figure out how we can
therefore the next one even though we
know that hurricanes are gonna get much
more powerful in the future so those two
things were combined and then of course
Donald Trump being Donald Trump and
saying yeah I deserve a 10-play praise
me for my job did well done and that was
it
well it's a fatal combination of
incompetence and confidence that you see
the outrage and so many Americans across
the country as government can't step up
to the plate and meet their basic needs
so you have the incompetence and then
you have the government flat-out lying
about what the results are on the ground
you have the death toll going from 64 to
almost 3,000
so basically 98 percent of the deaths
not accounted for in that initial toll
so Jim we have less than a minute left
and I don't want to hang this on our
profession which is you know is you know
with skimpy resources and dwindling
circulation all the times thankfully is
doing very well online so what about the
role of the news media in in you know
trying to cover what happened in Puerto
Rico but not really covering it yeah I'm
gonna say that um look we've done a lot
of stories we've invested some resources
there but all of us as an industry need
to do more needed to do more and I think
that when you hear complaints that hey
also what if this had been in the
American heartland what would the
coverage have been like there would have
been more you have to take race into
account as well and income levels and
you know it's not part of the
continental United States but let's
there just needs to be a lot more
coverage for love of reasons and this
study is just another example of why hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
