welcome back we learned today that Paul
metaphor we waiting an extra week for a
second federal trial begin the judge in
that case delayed opening statements a
week to allow the former Trump campaign
Chairman's legal team to sort through
more than a thousand pieces of evidence
prosecutors plan to introduce in that
trial he's at the same legal team that
he had from his previous trial so
they're a little overworked not exactly
a summer vacation Wall Street Journal
reported yesterday that Paul Manafort
was seeking a deal with prosecutors
ahead of his second trial a deal it was
obviously never reached it was partial
deal perhaps we'll get into it in a
second but that trial the second matter
for trial as well as special counsel
Robert Miller's ongoing overall
investigation aren't the only potential
legal issues plaguing president Trump
right now the ongoing investigations in
the Southern District of New York which
not only secured a guilty plea from
former Trump lawyer Michael Cohen but
also offered immunity to the Trump
organization's longtime CFO Alan Y
Solberg and that's not all the New York
Times reports the Manhattan district
attorney's weighing opening a criminal
investigation into the Trump
Organization with me now is le Honi a
former assistant US attorney for the
Southern District of New York so le I
think that's where I want to begin is
with the Southern District of New York
I'll get to the metaphor case in a
second but where is this heading they
seem it's is it what's your best
understanding of is the Michael Cohen
case essentially put to bed now they're
going to focus on X what is X it feels
like SD and Y is focused on a new X but
it's not a hundred percent clear what
that is well I think the X we know about
Chuck is the campaign finance violations
that Michael Cohen pled guilty to last
week counts seven and eight and you can
see the southern district circling this
is and this is what we do when we see
blood in the water and that's why I
think you see the immunity grants that
have been given to Wessel burg and to
pecker so there's little questions
Southern District is focusing in on that
and they're gonna exhaust the universe
on that presumably there's also
documents that will go to it and the big
question there is how much did the
president know to what extent was he
involved it's conceivable he wasn't
involved in this in his own story in his
attorneys story has sort of gone back
and forth and I think that's where this
this direct witness testimony is going
to be so important
take me to ISIL the weiselberger
community issue for a second what
obviously he was there to confirm
certain things that Michael komen did
and he was able to provide obviously
some sort of important cooperation there
what more could they how how wide of it
I guess how broad is in a is that
standard immunity agreement with
somebody like why Solberg is the
assumption he's supposed to help with
other parts of the cases of various case
yeah put it this way is Robert Muller
gonna get his hands on weiselberger he
may he may Chuck you know immunity
obviously goes along with his
concomitant with the extent of the
testimony and the judgment has been made
by the Southern District we need this
guy's testimony we don't quite have
enough to charge him or maybe his
culpability isn't enough to make him
take a plea and so we're gonna we're
going to give him this immunity
essentially a break it's usually
carefully negotiated there's been
reporting that the immunity for now
extend it for the the first batch
extended to Cohen but it's not like the
Southern District to just sort of set
one hurdle clear that hurdle and quit
the Southern District usually likes to
run things all the way into the ground
and so if they need another round or if
they need to expand the extent of the
immunity with Wessel Berg with Pecor
with anybody they absolutely can go
right back to the Department of Justice
and then the judge and seek to expand
that all right let me go to the band
fort situation in the supposed look
partial plea deal he was looking for it
sounded like he was looking to see if
you tell me yeah
was he just simply trying to get the tax
charges sort of like look can we I'll
plead of those and we just narrow the
scope of the second trial is that and if
that was what his ask was why do you
think Mullard said no yes I wasn't all
that surprised to hear that there was
some plea negotiations about the DC
trial you know please like this happened
when both sides have something to gain
and something to lose and looking at it
practically most of the ballgames
already over with the convictions that
have already happened in Virginia that's
gonna be the base of mana for its
ultimate sense even if he gets convicted
across the board in Bridget in DC his
exposure will go up but not immensely
and even if he's acquitted of everything
in DC he still has to face
looking at it sort of practically from
Muller's position you lock in a few more
counts of conviction you save the
resources of having to go through trial
again and same for mana for you you give
yourself a little bit of additional
exposure but you avoid sort of getting
Wow you don't assume that this deal is
off the table you think they could still
be talking 100% people talk plea right
up to the the day of opening statements
I've had cases where we've gone so far
as to choose a jury I actually had a
case that settled out after opening
statements so a plea could happen at any
times it wouldn't it wouldn't surprise
me if this comes back but the big
question to me the million-dollar
question is were they talking
cooperation plea or what we call a
straight play and I don't think the
answer we I had a chance to ask that
question of The Wall Street Journal
reporter last night and she said she
didn't know that so you know that that's
a huge difference if it's a cooperation
I was just going to said but if your
mana for why would you do a cooperation
plea if the president's dangling a
pardon yeah exactly
okay so and I'm curious what does that
do to Muller right
mana Ford in one hand is coming to him
wanting to talk plea but the president's
dangling this pardon we don't know how
that's sitting out there is is that
gonna make Muller more stubborn yeah it
may it may I mean I think Muller is just
gonna I don't think Muller is gonna do
anything different because of the
possibility of the pardon button mana
for my and I agree with you I think the
president has signaled and sent up smoke
signals and has been about as clear as
he's gonna be that he does intend
ultimately to pardon mana for I mean
there's the question of when I believe
if I had to bet I would bet after
midterms because if he does party mana
for it there will be outrage and rightly
so but the reason we all I think would
know would be to prevent mana fort from
going in and cooperating and so if it
were to get out that mana fort was
seriously considering that that
presumably would spur on the president
to go ahead with this is it also
possible that Muller is not cooperating
busy he's now determined that man Ford
doesn't have anything there's nothing
get out of him it's possible it's
possible it could be the the yeah it
could be that Muller has decided either
we don't trust Mann afford enough we
think he has too much baggage that we
don't want to have to deal with we just
don't want to make a deal with him that
said if I'm if I'm sitting in Muller's
position I'd want to at least hear what
he had to say there's no downside to
bring him in for what we call a proper
session where
and Manafort would tell us what he has
let's evaluate I'd be very curious about
that but it could be that just as a
matter of principle Muller's decided you
know look you took us to the maths on
trial you rolled the dice you lost and
now it's too late
television likes to portray rivalries
among US Attorney's District Attorney's
and as it state attorneys general so let
me ask you this if you were sitting at
the SD NY and you heard that the
Manhattan da was going to open a
criminal investigation you know the
state attorney general wants a piece of
this - do you find it helpful to have
other investigative agencies involved on
a state local level
or does it become interference yeah
where are you on this at the Southern
District we like to Bigfoot people and
exert our power I think it could be
helpful but also complicating you know
here's the thing any information that
the DA and why or or the AG's office
develops can and should be shared with
the Southern District and perhaps with
Muller in turn that's what good law
enforcement agencies do it develop
information they share it with it with
whatever office is in best position to
put it out there but it complicates
things you don't want the same office or
two different offices or three different
offices interviewing the same person you
don't want the same witness giving two
different statements to two different
offices so this is going to be a real
test of how well law enforcement is able
to collaborate and sort of take the most
efficient approach here
it's just like when CNBC NBC News and
MSNBC I'll try to book you at same time
right we should all be talking to each
other and butt in and let me ask you
this final question if you're the
president what worries you the most
Muller SD NY Manhattan da state attorney
general what's what's the investigation
that could that you think I mean none of
them are good look at the one that is
the nightmare he's got a lot on his mind
to me the way I break it down is the
Southern District investigation has the
highest probability of landing on the
president but I think if Muller
ultimately lands that that's going to be
the biggest impact that's gonna be the
one that could have a lasting political
impact that could change some of the
calculus that your prior panel was
talking about with respect to
impeachment la Hoenig much appreciated
your insight and how is DNA why works
and kind of Steve out bigfooting always
helpful it makes us even bigger fans of
billions and hey thank you sir hello
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press'
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mind set right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
