93 year-old Jimmy Carter unique among
former presidents sustaining
multi-million dollar speaking fees book
deals devoting his life to public
service for the past 35 years he has
dedicated his life to Habitat for
Humanity helping build or renovate more
than 4200 homes in 14 countries I spoke
to him just moments ago about that today
he's in Indiana where the Carters are
building homes this week first though of
course we talked about president Trump's
treatment of John McCain mr. president
it's wonderful to see you again thank
you so much for being with us I'm going
to ask you about habitat and what you're
working on today but first I want to
talk to you about what is really
overwhelming in the country the mourning
for John McCain as a former president
can you explain or justify an American
president for hours and hours refusing
to lower the American flag and not even
mentioning the death of an American Hero
for a prisoner of war well I think that
was a very serious mistake that
President Trump made and his friends and
his opponents corrected him I think
quite adequately and now that this most
recent statement he's made us I say is
theirs okay it's still not
enthusiastically that it should be I was
proud to be a graduate of the Naval
Academy like John McCain and and his
heroism in the war and his service in
the military in general and also his
service in the Congress of the United
States just made me proud to be a you
know fellow graduate of the same miss
attention
there's a pettiness in the president's
responses to these people he has rivals
is with in in the moment of death of an
American Hero
can't you overcome those political
differences well more people Jan and I
think the president has a problem with
that so much agent but I'm grateful that
he finally made a statement that I think
is I'd say they did the best adequate
and now that their flag yet so to be
lured during an appropriate period on
behalf of John McCain to remember him I
think this is very good so I'm glad to
see that it was done all that was tardy
and mistaken at first you of course were
diagnosed with brain cancer and
thankfully you were able to have
immunotherapy it was not the kind of
fatal cancer of course that he suffered
with the can you in your own way relate
to what he must have been going through
well I can certainly sympathize with
John McCain when I before I started
getting my treatments thought they were
brand new on the scientific field I
thought I had three three weeks to live
at most and so I was prepared for death
and I think that John McCain showed
heroism in his final days as in dealing
with his family and dealing with his own
constituents and dealing with the world
and so I'm very grateful for him and I'm
grateful of course to the scientists and
so forth and made it possible for me to
recover from brain cancer
you've lived the life of service no
celebrity no multi-million dollar deals
no big speeches as boards what is it
about habitat and the life of service
that you and Rosalyn Carter have lived
for all of these years since leaving the
White House well one thing I like about
habitat it makes me keep on coming back
here it's not a charity organization
every homeowner that we live in this
particular house that we're in right
this moment and they're ones being built
behind me and have to pay full price for
the house well we don't charge interest
because the Bible says you don't charge
interest to a full person but we chose
full the full matter of their house and
quite often even with somebody on
welfare and so forth it's the payments
per month or lower over 30 year period
without interest than the rent they've
been paying for substantive or subhuman
houses quite often the other thing is it
gives me a chance to to put my Christian
faith into practice you know it's very
difficult for a person that has a lot
like I do and my wife and my family to
reach out find a way to deal effectively
with people who are desperately in need
who've never had a decent place in which
to raise a family but Habitat makes it
possible to cross that barrier easily
and we have Habitat houses all around
this country and nothing 1,400 in this
country and maybe 70 touches overseas so
almost anybody that wants to help
habitat can find a way to do it so it's
it's just a very gratifying thing we
always feel much more grateful after a
week of work at Habitat and sometimes
the work is very hot
and hard but we always feel like we get
more out of it then we put into it it's
a question of values really as John
McCain wrote in his farewell and letter
to the nation he wrote we weaken our
greatness when we confuse our patriotism
with tribal rivalries that have some
resentment and hatred and violence and
all the corners of the globe we weaken
it when we hide behind walls rather than
tearing them down and we now we live in
a stage where we've had Charlottesville
we've had the anti-immigration rhetoric
the separation of children what has the
policies right now done to weaken the
fabric of our country well I think all
over the world the United States has
looked upon now with a great deal of
doubt that didn't exist a few years ago
and but I feel confident in America
we've had some very serious clothes to
face in the past with with the War
Between the States Civil War and then
with a hundred years of racial
segregation after that we've overcome
those basically and I think that no
matter what kind of setback with base
right now politically the resilience and
the basic ideals of our country will
prevail and we see the correction to our
mistakes your your commitment to our
country as a candidate in this president
was you will never lied to us we've now
had a president who was either
misstating facts or according to the
Washington Post lying thousands of times
in the course of 18 months what does
that do what is what example is that for
the country
well both John McCain and I went to the
Naval Academy and at the Annapolis the
basic unforgivable unforgivable sin was
to tell a lie even it was a small
misleading statement she made to an
upperclassman or to an officer yes and
they dismissed if you ever found guilty
of telling a falsehood or making a false
statement so I think it was deeply
ingrained into John McCain and to me as
well and when I promised the American
people that I would never lie to them I
would never make a little misleading
statement if I did don't even vote for
me well I think it touched under
everything I've searched how America
does appreciate the truth and I think
we'll get back to that standard again in
the future thank you for your service to
our country to Habitat for Humanity
thank you very much President Carter our
best to mrs. Carter thank you Andrew
very much best wishes to you Jimmy
Carter 93 years old and of course
Rosalyn Carter working building houses
for Habitat for Humanity in Indiana
today
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
