President Trump and the White House are
picking up the pieces after a massive
problem
honoring Senator John McCain let's go
through the day as it happened the White
House spent the morning as one of the
few buildings flying the American flag
at full staff this was yesterday the
president chose to stay silent on a dead
American Hero several times when asked
in fact the president seemed so anxious
to turn the page to a new narrative that
he brought the press into the Oval
Office to announce a trade announcement
that wasn't actually a full trade deal
and even before they had time to
properly set up a phone call with the
President of Mexico why for me the
president is on the phone
Enrique
yeah you can hook them up you tell me
what are we in the big thing a lot of
people waiting you wonder where to put
that on this phone please
hello be helpful
thank you now you'd think it'll get
better after the phone call was
connected but after that call President
Trump was asked repeatedly about Senator
McCain watch what he did nothing hard
about that question any thoughts on the
legacy of John McCain just nothing hard
that's what you call a layup it's really
easy to say nice things about people who
have passed on it's a lot easier when
they're actual American heroes but this
was the president's response to any
comment on John McCain this was it all
right in the midst of the president's
silence and distraction the American
Legion sent a letter midday to the
president urging him to follow
long-established protocol following the
death of prominent government officials
and praising McCain as a hero one hour
later trusted McCain aide Rick Davis
read a final statement from the senator
to the country he served and loved
shortly after that statement the
President had several more opportunities
to speak about the senator and again
ignored questions Thank You mr.
president do you have any thoughts on
John McCain to have any thoughts at all
about John McCain
- - bleep john mccain was a hero sir
nothing at all about john mccain ok late
in the afternoon and president trump
finally buckled the White House flag was
lowered to half-staff and a short time
later as the American Legion implored
the White House issued a presidential
proclamation saying quote despite our
differences on policy and politics
I respect Senator John McCain's service
to our country or during the White House
flag lowered until the late Senators
internment all right bye evening at a
dinner for evangelical leaders the
president finally broke his silence on
McCain's service also our hearts and
prayers are going to the family of
Senator John McCain there will be a lot
of activity over the next number of days
and we very much appreciate everything
that Senator McCain has done for our
country so thank you very much all right
Johnny now has been Kesling who covers
veterans issues for The Wall Street
Journal Ben thanks for joining us you
think that the the American legions
letter is what did it or was it just a
day full of the president getting
criticism from every corner including
apparently from some of his senior staff
inside the White House well he got
criticism from from a number of a number
of places for sure but it's important to
note for as far as looking at the the
veteran push on this it wasn't just the
American Legion that sent a letter to
the president the VFW also reached out
to him and the group that sort of led
the charge was AM vets and AM vets
executive director Joe Cinelli
told me that you know politics be damned
on this we need to do the right thing
for John McCain so the the Legion sort
of got the public face of making this
happen but there were a number of other
veterans groups that were pushing on
this as well and they did and vets and
Legion everybody talked to does doesn't
know if there if there letters made a
big difference but there
millions of members that stand behind
the the statements that were made
probably had some effect
all right the the president the flag
things kind of interesting because as
you know the president is a stickler for
some things around the flag calling NFL
protest disrespectful to the flag what
do you know about why it took so long to
do really an easy right thing there was
no particular gain in disrespecting John
McCain in not issuing a proclamation in
not keeping the flag at half-staff it's
an easy one it's a layup for a White
House that sort of steps in it every few
hours
well eventually became a layup right but
it took it took a while dribbling around
before he actually did it the the word
that's that's out there is that the
president didn't didn't want on or the
didn't want to honor McCain the in the
way that other Giants of the Senate and
other lawmakers have been honored in the
past and it took it took these turning
of the screws by veterans groups by
lawmakers by people in the White House
to make this to make this actually
happen there's no real there's there's
nothing that that's showing us what you
know what the turning point was of the
for the or the the point that made the
president actually actually make this
decision occur but there was a
preponderance of weight on the side of
folks who said hey mr. president just
just make the layup
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
