93 year-old Jimmy Carter unique among
former presidents sustaining
multi-million dollar speaking fees book
deals devoting his life to public
service for the past 35 years he has
dedicated his life to Habitat for
Humanity helping build or renovate more
than 4200 homes in 14 countries I spoke
to him just moments ago about that today
he's in Indiana where the Carters are
building homes this week first though of
course we talked about president Trump's
treatment of John McCain mr. president
it's wonderful to see you again thank
you so much for being with us I'm going
to ask you about habitat and what you're
working on today but first I want to
talk to you about what is really
overwhelming in the country the mourning
for John McCain as a former president
can you explain or justify an American
president for hours and hours refusing
to lower the American flag and not even
mentioning the death of an American Hero
for a prisoner of war well I think that
was a very serious mistake that
President Trump made and his friends and
his opponents corrected him I think
quite adequately and now that this most
recent statement he's made us I say is
theirs okay it's still not
enthusiastically that it should be I was
proud to be a graduate of the Naval
Academy like John McCain and and his
heroism in the war and his service in
the military in general and also his
service in the Congress of the United
States just made me proud to be a you
know fellow graduate of the same miss
attention
there's a pettiness in the president's
responses to these people he has rivals
ease with in in the moment of death of
an American Hero
can't you overcome those political
differences well more people can and I
think the president Trump has a problem
with that so much agent but I'm grateful
that he finally made a statement that I
think is I'd say they did the best
adequate and now that their flag yet so
to be lured during an appropriate period
on behalf of Time Machine to remember
him I think this is very good so I'm
glad to see that it was done although it
was tardy and mistaken at first
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
