the president was up early this morning
apparently googling himself and he was
definitely not pleased with the results
he tweeted quote Google search results
for Trump news shows only the viewing
reporting of fake news media calling it
rigged he goes on to accuse the search
engine of suppressing voices of
conservatives and says quote this is a
very serious situation will be addressed
google fired back just in the past hour
saying quote and users type queries into
the Google search bar our goal is to
make sure they receive the most relevant
answers in a matter of seconds search is
not used to set a political agenda and
won't we don't bias our results toward
any political ideology all right joining
me now is NBC News senior business
reporter Ben Popkin who is really our
expert on these things I don't know what
to think about this on one hand when the
president says will be addressed I think
I don't want the president anywhere near
this president or any other president
addressing what I get in my search
results but I'm not a hundred percent
sure I believe that Google doesn't
meddle with stuff given everything we've
talked about in the last year what do
you make of this kerfuffle well there's
a lot of things kind of percolating
around here you know Larry Kudlow said
we're looking into it when asked in the
White House lawn but it turns out that
he said I also might be above his pay
grade so it's an uncertain maybe we'll
hear later from Sarah Sanders what he
might mean by that if that means
regulating Google for all the problems
we've had on Facebook and Twitter and
Google what we haven't had is
presidential executive office executive
branch involvement in it we're talking
about whether Congress might get
involved in regulating certain things
but it's about regulating an industry
not not a company this all stems from a
larger kind of talking point that that's
been happening and almost ironically
it's come out of concern about fake news
about Russian trolls about how
algorithms and search engines and
platforms are using these algorithms to
push information in front of us
sometimes high quality information and
sometimes divisive and exploitive
information so what's happening here is
that Trump is saying that these
algorithms are now biased and not
they're not showing his news the news
that he likes
read in it do we have any evidence to
that I mean first of all I don't know if
if the president was googling this
himself or that he did he see this
online you don't know the genesis right
we don't know where but the can note the
night before iron fox new business news
lou dobbs
who was citing statistics that he got
from a conservative blogging network
right where the author there had done
this little test of running on two
computers tried searching Trump on two
different computers and said you know
there's not enough right-leaning sites
in these top results and they're saying
this is evidence that Google is being
biased towards against right leaning
science google says no you know we're
ranking based on authoritative miss
that's what they've said that's what
search engine experts say it's not based
on viewpoint experts say it's based on
how many sites link in how trustworthy
are they are they using a large amount
of original content are they at citing
their sources or are they repurposing
things that they got from other places
but again we don't we don't have any
scientific understanding of that
algorithm we've got what Google says
versus what the president says at the
moment well it circles algorithm is a
black box they have given us clues about
it and we can see the evidence also of
how it performs and different people
have become experts even though it is a
black box right we do have the signs of
how it works and the signs are not that
it's politically biased and we also have
to think about this from a just an
economic standpoint Google's goal is to
be the best Google of the best Google
that can be if it starts showing results
they're either skewed left or has these
voices would like include more right
voices as opposed to what the user is
searching for well then people are gonna
stop using Google because it's not
giving them what they want so the way
the market is enforcing things that are
ranked based on quality and
authoritative knows not any kind of
political spectrum hey MSNBC fans thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com
slash newsletters to sign up now
