former CIA director under President
Obama who now serves as MSNBC's senior
national security and intelligence
analyst director Brennan it's always a
pleasure to have you Michele good
morning Elliot let me get your thoughts
now on the the way that the White House
and specifically the president has has
responded to the death of this
long-serving Senator John McCain well
I'm glad that they finally came out and
acknowledged the tremendous
contributions that Senator McCain has
made to this country
and so I think we all should honor the
McCain family request is to keep this
focus on the senator and celebrate his
life celebrate his patriotism and his
courage and I think that's what we all
should do and I'm glad to see that
finally the White House came around and
acknowledged that tremendous tremendous
work of John McCain were you surprised
by Senator Graham though this morning
you saw that soundbite that Garrett
Haake played for us where he said hey if
the present you know president doesn't
the president wants to do seem to give a
president to pass on this seem
unbothered by this well Lindsey Graham
is probably the closest person in the US
Congress to Senator McCain the two of
them had great mutual respect and even
love for one another they didn't always
agree they didn't see eye to eye and
they had different approaches on issues
and I think this demonstrates a
different approach Senator McCain would
call it the way he sees it and in fact
he criticized himself whenever he was
being politically expedient and
sometimes I think Lindsey Graham it
takes the politically expedient route
but that doesn't mean that he is in any
way making light of any of the things
that Senator McCain has done or said or
stood for Sen McCain was an
exceptionally principled individual my
last engagement with him it was a very
contentious one where he rolled some
profanities at me over some differences
in policy and even though it was quite
heated I had the greatest respect for
Senator McCain because he was a
principled individual stubborn feisty
yes but principled patriotic courageous
somebody who loved this country above
all else and I think as Senator Graham
said it is country before self and I
think that's what Senator McCain's life
really embodies that's such an
interesting anecdote because I was gonna
ask you did have policy differences with
John Gina a sport for example just to
pick a recent example of this what was
this recent fight that you guys had what
was it over well policy we were talking
about things that were going on in
Middle East is specifically Syria and
Senator McCain wanted to bring that
conflict to a halt but also
to make sure the United States was able
to demonstrate its great influence and
might and and do what we could to try to
bring that the conflict within you
reference that Senator McCain did
sometimes pay a political price for
being a kind of straight talker does
that sound familiar to you somebody who
has sometimes paid a political price for
being a straight talker so with McCain
gone who replaces him as the person on
Capitol Hill who is a Republican who can
serve as a check on the President or at
least of what the voice of a check on
the president that's a great question
and we see that senators flake and
corker have spoken out but they are
leaving the Senate I'd like to think
that they're going to be senators now
who wouldn't be thinking about Senator
McCain's legacy and what he stood for
and to adopt some of the very same
principle positions and speak truth to
power it's not just the intelligence
community it needs to be members of
Congress are gonna speak truth to power
especially in this White House today
here's what senator Graham said this
morning about the final words McCain had
for him as he was convalescing in
Arizona he had a romantic view of our
nation to his last breath and literally
almost the last thing he said to me was
I love you I have not been cheated he
was not cheated John McCain was not
cheated his life was one great example
of what a lifetime of service means and
I think we should all look up to him as
a very shining example of what an
American it can be I want to move on to
one more topic but before I do let me
just make clear here you've been
somebody who has not been afraid
obviously to criticize this president
but what I'm hearing from you in this
discussion is that you're not going to
criticize the president for how he
responded to the death of John right now
I'm gonna celebrate John McCain's life
okay let me ask you about somebody else
something else that's happening on
Capitol Hill Bruce or is appearing
behind closed doors he of course is this
DOJ official the president has
threatened to strip his security
clearance obviously your security
clearance has already been stripped you
are not a current official you're a
former official Bruce or is not let me
play what Mark Meadows had to say just a
couple of seconds ago on the hill
regarding this closed-door meetings
because this is something that
conservatives in particular he really
seized on watch
based on what I've seen unless Bruce
were was instructed to do what he did
then certainly should be fired because
it means that what not only was he
coordinating with Christopher steel who
had been terminated by the FBI or of
course part of referencing his work on a
Russian investigation etc attractive
it's my understanding that everything
that Bruce or did was approved and known
to senior department justice officials
coordinated closely with the FBI so I
think this is something that you know
will have to be looked at I don't know
all the facts here but I think some of
the facts that are being purported by
some members of Congress may not in fact
be the actual facts president Trump
threatened to strip your security
clearance and then he did president
Trump has threatened to strip Bruce's
security clearance what happens next I
don't know the only thing I've heard
about my security clearances from the
government is when Sarah Huckabee
Sanders said at the podium that might
clearance admit stripped I have not been
contacted by anybody at all be there
before or since then so whether or not
my clearances have been stripped I'm
still you know uncertain about but she
said if she read something from Donald
Trump but what would the process be
would you would you normally hear from
some sort of intelligence officials
saying hey I would think that would be
the process but in this current
administration process seems to be
thrown out the the door because the
process for a reeve occasion of
clearance has very clear guidelines and
so the top administration did not follow
the guidelines that they in fact
affirmed last year about how to deal
with the security clearance rule
occasions do you think you're walking it
back do you think they're gonna give it
up no you keep your clearance well given
that I think everybody believes that the
the rationale for stripping me of my
clearance this is bogus I'm sure there
are some people who are scratching their
head right now who are you know maybe
have to put together the memorandum to
say why I was struck by Clarence as
other than the fact that mr. Trump might
not like me which is not a valid reason
so I'm still waiting to hear they have
my contact information but I have not
yet heard yet true be continued director
thank you very much for coming on so
sharing your thoughts and memories of
John McCain as well we appreciate it
thank you thank you for checking out our
u2
channel why don't you subscribe it's
really easy just click on that button
down there and for more news from MSNBC
click on any of these videos here for
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
