these are tense times for national
security and yesterday Donald Trump said
Americans Safety's is top priority
but despite stern and even public
warnings the Trump must only use
government phones to protect national
security a brand new report review
no iPhone and now Russian and Chinese
spies are exploiting that to listen to
his calls and run counter Intel
operations China even planning to use
the information to keep a trade war
going and escalate there is a lot going
on right now but this New York Times
report is a true bombshell in fact the
former top information officer in the
George W Bush administration says
tonight this looks like the largest most
significant breach of White House
communications in history all because of
Donald Trump's personal carelessness
sacrificing US security a supreme
hypocrisy because it's exactly how he
campaigned against Hillary Clinton's
private email server Clinton and her
cronies have sacrificed your security
this is worse than Watergate lock her up
is right I have never been so ashamed of
this country as what's gone on with
Hillary Clinton this goes way beyond
Trump take a look at the RNC who would
trust Hillary Clinton to protect them
I wouldn't would you answer me now
is she guilty or not guilty lock her up
lock her up if I a guy who knows this
business if I did 1/10 1/10 of what she
did I would be in jail today Flynn has
since confessed to a crime that was then
but her emails well tonight experts say
foreign governments are actively
exploiting Trump's iPhone which
authorities say did not happen with
Clinton in fact the private server may
have been a very bad idea but the FBI
found no intrusion or cyber hack of that
server so as you listen to Donald
Trump's 2016 warning note the reporting
now shows what you're about to hear
applies to his conduct and not to his
2016 opponent her server was easily
hacked by foreign governments perhaps
even by her financial backers in
communist China putting all of America
and our citizens in danger great danger
this fact alone disqualifies her from
the presidency we can't hand over our
government to someone whose deepest
darkest secrets may be in the hands of
our enemies by that Trump standard he
would be disqualified from the
presidency and that's the security part
of it then you have the whole war over
perception many people leading the
political conversation in 2016 you may
remember fixated on Clinton's emails it
was an all-consuming character scandal
Trump's attacks widely echoed by his
ally and sometime advisor Sean Hannity
she's the one who could have exposed
American national security secrets 99%
chance that five intelligence agencies
foreign intelligence agencies hacked
into that server okay that means she
compromised American security at a high
level
Hannity said he was concerned about
foreign intelligence hacking u.s.
secrets so how's he covering this now
that that is literally happening under
Donald Trump
well he didn't mention the story at all
in his broadcast yesterday after this
story broke that is one of many examples
in the final week of the 2016 campaign
The New York Times ran ten front-page
stories on Clinton's emails and a study
on a range of media outlets found across
2016 Clinton's email was covered more
than her policy positions and also more
than the coverage of issues like Donald
Trump's ties to Russia as the saying
goes but her emails the media and yes
that includes us I am talking to you
from a newsroom treated the judge when a
potential security risk in Clinton's
emails is literally one of the biggest
stories of the year and now the
president is actually turning that
security risk into a reality of
compromise national security and his
fans meanwhile are still merrily
chanting lock her up as they did last
night you saw it oblivious to the fact
the president Trump is doing the very
thing that they believe should have
gotten her locked up now rallies on the
other side of the aisle are not
suggesting lock him up over this
reporting and when it comes to the
iPhone Trump should at least simply lock
it up let's be clear that's what the
last President did following strict
protocols for a secure blackberry
following the rules
so it was securely audited every 30 days
Trump meanwhile going 150 days without
even following that rule and Trump's
phone is extra vulnerable we're told
because it includes hackable functions
like a mic and camera those are features
President Obama avoided in response to
the security protocol I get the thing
and they're all like well mr. president
for security reasons it is a great phone
state-of-the-art but it doesn't take
pictures you can't tax the phone doesn't
work
you know you can't play your music on so
so basically it's like does your
three-year-old have one of those play
phones Obama was willing to give up
those features for security Trump is not
political and media elites obsessed over
Clinton's digital habits now we can all
see if Trump gets a pass on that conduct
that experts report is far worse but
let's be clear the biggest problem here
is not the rank hypocrisy or the Craven
double standards which are worth
covering nor even the corrosion in the
basement of one more set of standards in
this Trump era the biggest problem has
nothing to do with the politicians or
the media it has to do with the national
security risks that the US intelligence
military and diplomatic cores face
the reporting tonight make no mistake is
that those risks are now greater they
are more severe and unnecessarily so
because of the personal conduct of
Donald Trump the commander in chief hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
