Donald Trump's sewing fear 18 days out
from election day accusing Democrats of
mob rule of course this is hours after
applauding a Republican congressman and
candidate who attacked a reporter any
guy that you do a body slam he's mica
the Democrats don't like being called an
angry mob but really that's what they
become they're losing it and they
shouldn't be questioned their critics
asking who is acting more like a mob
leader there's also fears being stoked
over immigration attacks on a caravan of
Honduran migrants drawing closer to the
US border now in a moment gonna get
reaction from actor and activist
wilderbe Valderrama star of course of
the hit show that 70s show he's
currently also on NCI asked his family
immigrated from Venezuela when he was 14
and he's been an outspoken proponent of
immigration reform and joined us on the
beat before I'm also joined right here
at the table with Axius political
reporter Alexei McCammon now I want both
of you before we get going here to just
take a listen to Donald Trump's claim
that someone is secretly paying this
migrant caravan to cross the border now
we're starting to find out and I won't
say it a hundred percent I put a little
tiny question mark at the end but a lot
of money's been passing to people to
come up and try and get to the border by
Election Day because they think that's a
negative for us they wanted that Caravan
and there are those who say that Caravan
didn't just happen it didn't just happen
all cause because of the illegal
immigration onslaught brought by the
Democrats
wilmer okay so this is like a very old
traditional dinosaur tactic of scaring
the general public and midterm election
zone what's really goin going on this is
really another way to distract and
diverse the you know the real topic
which is answering questions about
economy and health care which is what
people want to hear about in a midterm
election they continue to you
focus on things that like look this way
don't ask these questions I mean it's
it's literally just all tactics you know
it happens every cycle you know they
have the same recipe and it doesn't
doesn't scare anyone can I just take us
back to October 2016 right before the
2016 election that's when Donald Trump
introduced the phrase bad hombres and
ramped up his immigration rhetoric
vowing to deport all the bad hombres he
also made the false claim that Border
Patrol agents were illegally allowing
immigrants into the country just so they
could vote in the 2016 election that was
in October of 2016 we now see that same
exact strategy happening ahead of the
2018 midterms because he knows the
Republican Party is in trouble and he
thinks that stoking this fear or a fear
of loss is going to turnout Republican
base voters know the bigger issue here
for them is that and I brought some
numbers here because I think it's
important for people to know that
Florida has now a record a 2.1 million
Latino voters making up about sixteen
point four percent of the state
electorate now that's something that you
know historically now Florida is is
experiencing a moment in time where
something can really drastically changed
Texas has about 41% of Latinos who are
eligible to vote are between the ages of
18 and 33 so you know the furthermore
60% of Latinos have not been reached out
by any campaign you know so when you
look at the actual potential and what's
really gonna happen in midterms and all
these scare tactics are really not gonna
get anybody to stay home they're
actually going to be turning out you
think it's mobilizing I think you know
we talk a lot about the cliche that this
is a nation of immigrants
Eric Trump was leaning into that
although more as a defense of their
rhetoric take a listen to Eric Trump on
all this this isn't an America problem
this is a you problem you take care of
your own problem make sure that this
doesn't show up on our on our southern
border and people would say that's
heartless it's not heartless it's not
heartless at all you have to come into
this country illegally and guys I'm the
product of immigration my mom was
important in the United States you know
my father's corn wife wasn't born the US
but the difference is they came into
this country legally
that is that I will make the argument
that on both sides
Democrats and Republicans we saw earlier
this year that there was no real
incentive for either party to reach
comprehensive legislation on immigration
to come to an agreement because they
knew that it would be politically savvy
that's not to say that some lawmakers
didn't genuinely want to find an
agreement but Donald Trump certainly has
no incentive to find an agreement on
immigration legislation so an Eric Trump
is talking about doing it legally the
president himself is not out there
talking about it he's talking about
building border wall which doesn't have
extreme support he doesn't have the
money for and that is not comprehensive
legislation to find a legal
comprehensive path to immigration that's
right I also I think you talked about
being a businessman you know and you're
you want to deport 56 or 50 plus a
billion dollars of Social Security that
they will never see and the actual taxes
that that the illegal really
undocumented immigrants are actually
paying to this country and imagine if
you give them the ability to get a real
minimum wage and actually be taxed like
like all of us I mean where were the
economy being and many of the states
where they actually take the jobs you
don't see you know so to me it's like
it's like it's again pivoting look at
this thing here's the problem they
created but really to the matter is
we're not really thinking about the
reform we're not thinking about what's
the road to solution and and how can we
be more proactive and more efficient
with the situation we have like I think
that is is is it's really silly to think
that that you know that you're gonna
deport all these immigrants and now
question residents and other citizens
that you know were naturalized eared and
you know to end there and the
contribution to this to this country and
finally I have about 30 seconds then
we're going to a for an update from our
own Richard Engel on this other big
Saudi story but when you look at these
people saying well midterms young people
are never that interested you have a
following what do you say to young
people about voting next month you have
a moment right now to make history this
is the moment where March of our lives
and young people connected to four you
know when you see it what happened much
of their lives and see how they connect
and how they mobilize understand that
that passion in that fire has now
strategized the movement is midterms we
have a coast-to-coast movement going
involving a number of them so most
months with with water Latino and in a
number of other incredible organizations
I'm going to I'm going to a Paso
election weekend I'm going to Miami and
I'm going to and I'm going back to
Houston and we're getting together and
we're gonna actually show up you know I
think that that's that's something that
that people are going to be not only
surprised but it's gonna be historic you
actually have the power to to now not
only pivot but you know Texas gonna look
very different in five to ten years
Valderrama very interesting here an
update on your work a lot of people
interested in Aleksey good to have you
here hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC
you can see more of our videos right
here or better yet subscribe to our
YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
