be let's bring in right now Jeff Flake
the man that whose seat he's interesting
I'll just say interesting candidates are
trying to take senator thanks for being
with us as be remiss if I didn't ask you
first give us your your fondest thoughts
about John McCain I don't know where to
begin I gave a speech on the Senate
floor last night recounting some of them
but just traveling around campaigning
across the state of Arizona he was to
campaign with there was nobody more fun
nobody better I never had an
uninteresting Town Hall with John McCain
if if if it wasn't confrontational and
he would make it so just for fun and I
visit horribly and I've just been so
pleased to see the tributes around the
country to this great man and well
deserved well you know we said earlier
this morning I quoted Ted Kennedy when
he was remembering his brother Bobby in
in 1968 after Bobby's death and he said
there's no need to enlarge Bobby Kennedy
beyond what he was in life or to deify
me John McCain he could be tough he
could be tough not only in town hall
meetings he could be tough but also with
colleagues and he could be tough with
members of the Arizona delegation I mean
this guy this guy fought everybody for
and and sometimes he had some pretty
sharp elbows didn't he he did you know I
went 12 years of the house while he was
in the Senate without having a real
confrontation I I broke up a few fights
between John and other members of the
delegation sometimes I thought I was
living large and I got to the Senate and
the first vote I cast he didn't think it
was the right vote the truth is he was
right but he let me have it on the
Senate floor and about 10 of my
colleagues were standing around just
laughing their heads off thinking that
Jeff's now got his initiation but the
next day he put his arm around me
and we went on and I can tell ya like I
said last night on the floor if you're
looking for somebody to give you an
inventory of John McCain's shortcomings
he would provide it and that was what
was so appealing about him is he didn't
pretend to be perfect but he as many of
said he perfectly loved his country and
served it so well it's my quarter you
just mentioned the tributes around the
country that have flowed in since
Senator McCain passed away and this week
unfortunately sadly for the country
we've been witness to a display of
extraordinary pettiness on the part of
mr. Trump not lowering the flag to
half-staff and I was struck by a couple
of things one have been your statements
and the statements of several others in
the United States Senate your colleagues
about what's going on and what went on
earlier in the week but the thing that
struck me the most was the absence of
outrage articulated by many if not most
of your Republican colleagues in the
Senate and I'm wondering maybe I missed
something but I'm wondering why the
reticence to attack to go after to
outline such pettiness on the part of a
man who was supposed to unite the nation
in our grief and just minimal human
decency well I do think it's unfortunate
to have how this unfolded but we're in
the right place now and I think the
reticence that my colleagues have had I
think is is well-placed they they don't
want to turn this into a do a fight just
looking for the good assuming the best
and moving ahead
I'm glad we're in the right place now in
terms of the president's Proclamation
and let's leave it at that Senator Noah
Rockland commentary magazine moving on
to the crass and political unfortunately
for a minute we have a vacancy in
Arizona the governor is going to appoint
someone to fill that seat what will
character is what traits what
characteristics would view
would you like to see in that
replacement and also do you think that
should be a placeholder allowing the
voters to make the decision in 2020 or
should the governor use this opportunity
to create a new political star in
Arizona well I have a fan of the
governor I think that he has the right
things in mind I will leave that
decision completely to him obviously
this seat has been held by Barry
Goldwater and then John McCain it would
be wonderful to have somebody that that
has independence and that realizes the
importance of the Senate as an
institution but I think the governor
certainly has that in mind and we'll
leave it up to him so senator any
concerns about the possibility of Kelly
water Joe Arpaio replacing you in the
United States Senate well there is a
concern with such a late primary in
Arizona it's you know you run to the
right particularly in a year like this
and then have to recover for a primary a
general election where early voting is
just a few weeks away so it's it's it's
a difficult straddle I politically and
this year I think it's it's even even
worse I am as you all know I'm very
concerned about the direction of the
party I I don't think that we're putting
our best foot forward and we may win an
election here or there but in the end
you know the party
will go the way of the Whigs I think if
we if we continue to drill down on the
base and not try to appeal to a broader
electorate so I I'm very concerned and I
certainly think if a Joe Arpaio for
example were to be dominated today we'd
we'd face real trouble so let's talk
about what the president did yesterday
talking about an elegant deal with
Mexico we actually an elegant title for
a deal with Mexico according to him
when in fact there doesn't appear to be
the outlines of a deal certainly not to
replace NAFTA the Canadians haven't even
been brought in what are your concerns
with the president blowing up NAFTA well
the big concerns there you know NAFTA
did need to be modernized we did a lot
of that in the trans-pacific partnership
negotiations so it could have been done
there I'm very concerned that that this
will not be nearly as robust as NAFTA is
now this new agreement if we could ever
get there
certainly we need to include Canada as
well that's been the genius of this deal
and why it's led to such prosperity from
all three countries so I'm anxious to to
see more of the details and see where we
end up but I could tell you in Arizona
there is great concern that we don't
move ahead with a free trade agreement
with with Mexico we depend mightily on
transporter trade and it's been good for
Arizona it's been very very good for
Mexico as well and part of the reason we
don't have the pressures on the border
that we've had in prior years is because
the economy has improved so much in
Mexico that's a good thing not a bad
thing and so I hope that we can move
ahead with something that's at least as
robust as NAFTA and again that's part of
the reason why is we've been saying for
several years now the net immigration
flow has been negative coming to the
United States and positive going back
into Mexico Senator Jeff Flake thanks so
much for being with us greatly
appreciate your time this morning and
still to come today while President
Trump constantly rails against fake news
our next guest is really against fake
change we'll explain that ahead when we
return it thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
