Kornacki from john mccain's legacy to
the election that's going to be held in
John McCain's state that he served for
over 30 years today in Arizona you talk
about tribalism my goodness it's on full
display in Arizona today especially with
one candidate who mocked John McCain
hours before his death claiming that his
statement was meant his farewell
statement was meant to undercut her
chances and then yesterday using the
word cancer in a statement what's what's
happening out in Arizona that's what
Kelly Ward said yesterday tweeting
political correctness is like a cancer
said the day after John McCain died what
tell me what's gonna happen in Arizona
today and how split is the Republican
Party there yeah well I mean this is a
longer-term story to split you're
talking about in Arizona Kelly Ward
whose tweet you just put up they're sort
of trying to run this this insurgent
campaign out there in Arizona against
martha mcsalley martha mcsalley
congresswoman sort of the pic of the
republican establishment in washington
they think she's really the only one who
would give them a shot to hang onto the
seat this is Jeff Flake seat he is
retiring so mcsalley has been leading in
the polls out there you got Ward playing
the insurgent role and of course that
goes back as I say a few years ago Kelly
Ward ran against John McCain in 2016
when McCain ran for re-election Ward
challenged him in the primary she was
just as vitriolic just as controversial
inflammatory provocative whatever you
want to say in her rhetoric back then
towards John McCain and she got nearly
40% of the vote in that primary so there
has been that sizable contingent there
the fear of Republicans is that maybe
since Donald Trump's election in 2016 it
had grown to the point where she could
potentially win this primary of course
you've got another wild card in this
primary that's Joe Arpaio Joe Arpaio
sitting out there running nobody seems
to think he's got much of a chance of
winning this thing but between Arpaio
and Ward there may be enough there
certainly the polls are indicating
enough there for McNally to prevail one
thing
keep in mind you look at all of these
last-minute antics by Kelly Ward Arizona
among states there are a few states in
the country maybe none where more votes
are cast farther from election day than
in Arizona heavy heavy heavy mail-in
voting state so one thing you have to
keep in mind when you look at Kelly Ward
and what she said over the last couple
days how many ballots were cast before
any of this was even out there for
public consumption well you don't know
you talk about political tribalism and
Steve's obviously releasing a book about
political tribalism it seems there is
there obviously political tribalism in
both the Democratic in the Republican
party and each party is having its
battle for the future of the party I
guess so it's just so much more
pronounced in the Republican Party right
now because they're in power across the
board and because the battle is for your
either for the President or you're
against the president and boy that's
quite a dividing line yeah it is on so
the president is on Twitter this morning
essentially if you can decode the tweets
because they are cryptic but it suggests
pretty clearly that the President of the
United States believes that Google is
censoring bad news about him now if
you're Kelly Ward and you think
chemtrails are affecting how people
think and you are prone to make
statements like political correctness is
cancer this is this is your wheelhouse
you can navigate that terrain pretty
effectively and even deftly if you're
any other politician any other seasoned
professional came up through the farm
team and you appeal to a broad coalition
and need to get to 50 plus one this is
this is poison and you want to do your
best to run away from it and it's almost
impossible you had for example senator
Inhofe from Oklahoma yesterday was asked
about John McCain's spat with the White
House and he rather than avoiding the
question tried to navigate it and in
doing so he stepped on a landmine he's
the John McCain essentially instigated
this and kind of deserved it there is no
way to navigate the tribalism around the
president the United States because he
puts you in very difficult positions the
only way to really effectively do
politics as a Republican and maintain
your support among the staff
Bushmen voters and centrist voters and
the base is to just not saying anything
is to just avoid the president and his
behavioral tics as much as possible
that's a difficult thing to ask a
Republican to do you know Josh
navigating as Noah pointed out the the
tribalism between parties and among
within parties is one thing but in the
larger scheme of things the idea that
mentioning John McCain and saying you
know well you know he was a decent human
being
and he tried to do well he made mistakes
and tried to do well you still among
some people you get like a reaction to
that saying hey wait a minute no he
wasn't that great a guy negative
reactions that from certain quarters of
the right and the left and I think it's
part of this broader debate where
basically the reason that McCain was so
popular through his career and more
popular than his policy positions were
up up until you know up until the
economy really started falling apart in
the fall of 2008 it looked like he had
some shot of holding on in a
presidential election where Republicans
really should have had very little
chance but his superior popularity
helped there was a sense on the left
that basically you know people like
McCain personally felt like he meant
well and that allowed him to get away
with a policy agenda that was less
popular than him that they saw as you
know negative to the interests of a lot
of people and so I think that grated a
lot of people hee hee hee
you know while meaning well moved into a
lot of significant mistakes most notably
the support for the Iraq war I think a
lot of the moral clarity that he had
about foreign policy sort of sort of
blurred into sort of a moral
overconfidence that led him in to
support some significant mistakes the
United States and from the right I think
you had a sense that basically these
melt these well-meaning politicians so
focused on global concerns so focused on
promoting democracy around the world
favoring immigration as part of an
integration between the US and the rest
of the world that was basically giving
away your stuff and so I think you see
that critique from the Kelly Ward camp
of the Republican Party and I think
Yusef do you definitely see that
critique from the left and I think
that's been part of the reaction both
against the praise from McCain but
reaction more broadly against
collegiality in Washington people see
when when all these politicians can get
together and say nice things about each
other they're sort of agreeing to screw
you over while being nice to each other
and I think I think there's a lot of
cynicism there that has fueled this gene
Robinson what I just have never
unable to understand and what I've never
been able to square is that the father
of the modern Republican Party is a guy
who would sit down and talk to Tip
O'Neill every day the father of the
Republican Party is a guy who had a deal
with Tip O'Neill we fight like hell all
day but it's six o'clock we become
friends and at six o'clock one time
Ronald Reagan called Tip O'Neill the
demagogue I believe on Social Security
or Medicare he picked up the phone he
called him he's a day buddy
I'm sorry I apologize sometimes when Tip
O'Neill crossed the line he did the same
thing they had a rule they had an
understanding
we fight within the lines but after six
o'clock we are friends so we can work
together to do the nation's business by
the way that guy Ronald Reagan he won 49
states in 1984 49 states
one two landslides and I don't know if
you know this gene he even won Wisconsin
and he did it by being a happy warrior
and by embracing Tip O'Neill by
embracing the most liberal of liberal
people while staying true to his own
values I I don't understand why Ronald
Reagan's Republican Party hasn't learned
that lesson well you know Joe it's
everything that all seems so 20th
century these days doesn't it I mean it
seems like a long time ago I think the
fact is that that Ronald Reagan that the
man who invented the modern Republican
Party would not be welcome in today's
Republican Party he would be a squish he
would be you know far too sort of
friendly and
and amiable and willing to sit down and
talk with the end to compromise to
accept sort of less than the you know
the all of what you're asking for
demanding then then the Republicans are
today and you know the irony of course
is that senators you will hear senators
from Republicans and Democrats talk up
their genuine feelings for John McCain
this week yet you you didn't see that in
the way they voted you didn't see that
in the way they spoke about him or
treated him publicly frankly with their
own constituencies at home at least
Republicans because he was for many
Republicans much of a Republican based
kind of a pariah
yeah and and he was again despite his
voting record despite a lifetime I di I
I had somebody close to me yesterday
talked about how John McCain was a
liberal it's just you look at his
lifetime of work it is it is laughable
anybody would describe in 2018 John
McCain his voting record his position on
war his position on peace his position
on budgets his position on fiscal
responsibility as anything but
conservative well listen we'll be right
back
obviously we've got a cast of millions
with us this morning it's all very
exciting it's like night of a thousand
stars except it's in the morning we're
gonna talk about we've got we've got
some explosive primaries in Florida
today in Arizona we've got a North
Carolina decision I don't know if you
guys heard about this last night but in
North Carolina decision where the where
a federal court has thrown out of the
the congressional lines in North
Carolina because of gerrymandering they
may have to redraw those lines in that
district before the 2018 election which
would be more bad news for the
Republican Party we're going to talk
about
and much more when morning gel returns
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
