I don't know what's gonna be said the
next few days about John McCain by
whomever it should be said I don't know
what's gonna be done but anybody who it
anyway
tarnish is the reputation of John McCain
deserves a whipping because most of the
ones who would do the wrong thing about
John McCain didn't have the guts to do
the right thing when was their turn it's
Republican senator Johnny Isakson of
Georgia with perhaps a message to the
president well good morning and welcome
to morning Joe on this Tuesday August
28th with us we have this morning MSNBC
contributor Mike Barnicle we've got
associate editor of commentary magazine
noah rothman NBC News national political
editor Heidi Prez Bella columnist and
associate editor for The Washington Post
David Ignatius Pulitzer Prize winning
columnist and associate editor of The
Washington Post and MSNBC political
analyst Eugene Robinson and we have
Washington anchor for BBC World News
America
Katty Kay so we got the funeral details
for John McCain they were announced
yesterday and while his office released
a letter from the late senator which
reads in part this my fellow Americans
thank you for the privilege of serving
you and for the rewarding life that
service and uniform and public office
has allowed me to lead I've tried to
serve our country honorably I have made
mistakes but I hope my love for America
will be weighed favorably against them I
lived and died a proud American we are
citizens of the world's greatest
republic a nation of ideals not blood
and soil we are blessed and are a
blessing to humanity when we uphold and
advance those ideas at home and in the
world we helped liberate more people
from tyranny and poverty than ever
before in history we weaken our
greatness when we confuse our patriotism
with tribal rivalries
that of some resentment and hatred and
violence in all corners of the globe we
weaken it when we hide behind walls
rather than tear them down when we doubt
the power of our ideals rather than
trust them to be the great force for
change
they've always been we have always had
so much more in common with each other
in disagreement if only we remember that
and give each other the benefit of the
presumption that we all love our country
we will get through these challenging
times we will come through them stronger
than before we always do do not despair
of our present difficulties but believe
always in the promise and greatness of
America because nothing is inevitable
here Americans never quit we never
surrender
we never hide from history we make
history farewell fellow Americans god
bless you and God bless america
David Ignatius what a wonderful what a
strong what a timely message from a man
who has dominated American political
life for 30 40 years and will surely
influence Americans and those who seek
to serve in public for many more years
to come Joe John McCain's final
statement which you just read very
movingly is a soldier's statement to his
country
it's striking the belief he had to his
very last day that the country could
solve its problems if only it could
escape this bitter partisanship that
threw John McCain's last several decades
became more and more of
of a problem I was always struck with
McCain in every encounter I had with him
and listening just now do you read that
last statement
how much John McCain believed that
American values were our greatest source
of strength that's not just a line in a
speech he really believed it he thought
that when we were Americans when we
represented these values of freedom a
whole world caught fire and and moved in
our direction he'd watched the cold war
washed our successes and I think it was
just a bitter disappointment that to him
to see a person who we thought had
really low moral values not a strong
character as leader not not just because
of the bitter fights that he had with
Donald Trump but because he thought that
quality that lack of moral character
weakened the country and it's
interesting that that's how Joe he chose
to say goodbye to all of us to remind us
of the importance of character right it
really is and Mike Barnicle
I was struck when we heard the news of
Senator McCain's passing just the
despair that I saw and Micah's face and
the despair she felt the rest of the day
and here was obviously a Democrat a
lifelong Democrat who never voted for
Republicans certainly didn't vote for
John McCain they clashed from time to
time the Senator McCain clashed with me
and clashed with quite a few people
because he was a tough fighter god bless
him for that but the one thing that I
think Mika noticed even as a Liberal
Democrat was the greatness of the man
the greatness of the leadership she saw
something in him that you saw in her
father that she saw in other presidents
and and diplomats that she had crossed
in her life and Mika just knew that
somebody great had left our presence and
my god
anyone that fills a sense of despair
only need to read John McCain's final
words to understand not only why he was
so great but why America's greatest days
really could lie ahead if we only get
out of our way our own way well Joe John
McCain would be the last person who
would want anyone to despair
today and I think maybe what Mika saw
and what she thought whenever she saw or
heard John McCain was quite simple she
saw America and she saw her an American
and she saw someone whose life story
symbolizes in a sense what this country
is all about his history is our history
we don't teach our history very well to
our children or to one another but his
history is fairly familiar now given his
passing and his history is one of
continued survival in the in the face of
unbelievable obstacles five and a half
years I've stood in the cell where he
spent most of those five and a half
years in Hanoi and it's not a
comfortable feeling all the years later
when I stood in it and it's a pourraient
to think of any human being being
treated the way he was treated I think I
mentioned yesterday he once told me when
I asked him that he once went three
months without seeing the Sun because he
was held in solitary confinement and he
once went nearly five months without
seeing the moon think about that and
think about his resilience that's the
United States of America our resilience
is a republic in overcoming all sorts of
historical obstacles that's John McCain
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
