with me now one of the Democrats who
would be at the helm of many of those
investigations congressman Adam Schiff
of California top Democrat in the House
Intelligence Committee I want to ask you
about that list but first wanted to see
if you had anything to say today about
the Senator John McCain well you know
those of us that had a chance to get to
know him and I traveled with him a
number of times just had the greatest
admiration for him his bravery his plain
spoken manner his sense of humor the
respect that he had for and was shown to
him by leaders all around the world
he really is irreplaceable and this is a
terrible time to lose him the country
really needs people to put country over
party particularly in the GOP where they
have effectively acted as a rubber stamp
for this president and John was no
rubber stamp he was tenacious in
defending the interests of the country
even when they conflicted with his own
party so he will be greatly missed and
there's really no one else like him you
just talked about the rubber stamp
nature of the current Republican
majority and that brings us to this memo
they are circulating which is you could
just be a memo from Democrats there
could be in my mother to a reporter
wrote about oh here are some things that
probably should be investigated this is
not like crazy out there red meat stuff
things like the tax returns emoluments
violations for which there's several
federal suits dealings with Russia the
stormy Daniels payment which of course
was lied about and since been confirmed
James Comey firings Steve manoosh ins
business dealings the the the cabinet
secretary travel expenses what do you
think of its list well you know I think
that there are a great many candidates
to be on that list that probably aren't
even on the list I'll you know give you
one that I find particularly troubling
where reports a couple months ago that
the president was meeting privately with
the Postmaster General to try to
browbeat her into raising postal rates
on Amazon to punish Jeff Bezos in the
Washington Post we see a president using
the instruments of power to attack the
Free Press and the First Amendment and
so there's any number of issues many of
which are not on that list which have
gone completely without oversight why
did the president reverse course on this
Chinese telecom ZTE was it because of
reports that China was going to invest
500 million in a Trump branded property
is US policy basically for sale in
Indonesia or in the Middle East or
through Jared Kushner there are great
many serious allegations of impropriety
and Chris all you need to know about the
current GOP Congress is unwillingness
complete abdication of any oversight
responsibilities you can tell from a
single statistic and that is the
chairman of the Government Oversight and
Reform Committee trey Gowdy who brought
us the endless Benghazi investigations
hasn't issued a single subpoena during
the Trump administration to investigate
any allegations of incompetence or
corruption within the Trump
administration they have just been
utterly unwilling to do their jobs he
really hasn't issued one not one that
I'm aware of no it's really quite
breathtaking but it is a sign and we
certainly see it on the on the
Intelligence Committee where the only
subpoenas they seemed intent on issuing
were to investigate the investigators
when people like Steve Bannon came in
yes finally he got a subpoena but when
he still refused to answer questions
they said well okay we're not prepared
to take it any further we really
honestly don't want to know the answers
and that unfortunately set the tone for
their oversight responsibility and one
of the things that was investigated
briefly was of course the the president
and and the attacks by Russia during the
the election a committee on which you're
the ranking member Roger stone was on
the individuals I believe who came
before you in that investigation and you
know this area of fact better than most
having been had access to classified
material and also to some of the the
interviews that happened there so I
wanted to get your reaction to a bizarre
statement by Roger stone today posted to
the internet out of nowhere in which he
attempts to kind of get out ahead of
what he says an impending story and deny
it take a listen
this is Roger stone somebody has been
pushing a fake news story first with the
New York Times then the Washington Post
and now with Ronan Farrow of The New
Yorker someone is saying that they
overheard a conversation in which I told
Donald Trump in October of 2016 what
exactly would be in the WikiLeaks
disclosures and when they would be
disclosed
this is categorically false thoughts
well first of all I wouldn't believe
what Roger stone has to say any further
than I can throw him there any number of
statements he made under oath to our
committee which have been put into
question by other things that have been
reported since there if you look
carefully at what he had to say he is
denying that he told the president
exactly what would be in the WikiLeaks
disclosures and it would be just like
Roger stone to say well I didn't say
that I didn't tell him what would be in
it I just said that I didn't tell him
exactly what would be in it so you
simply can't believe anything Roger
stone has to say at least from my
experience he's one of the people that I
think ought to be brought back for
further questioning before our committee
in light of statements for example I
think he and others have acknowledged
that they were approached by someone
with a Slavic background offering
information that would be useful to the
campaign so these are things that I
think need further investigation
certainly but I don't know what else to
make of this rather bizarre video well
that you you join a lot of people in
that in that ultimate determination
congressman Adam Schiff thanks your time
tonight thanks Chris
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
