brand-new reporting from The Wall Street
Journal that Paul Manafort was working
actively to seek a plea deal with Bob
Muller to basically stave off the
upcoming trial in DC now the reporting
which is important is that those talks
broke down plea discussions that were
going on
imagine this how dramatic this was these
discussions going on while everyone was
awaiting what that Virginia jury would
do deliberating on the tax and rank bank
fraud charges against Maine afford the
talks stalling quote over issues raised
by special counsel robert muller the
journal not yet able to confirm what
those issues are now this is remarkable
reporting if you follow these stories if
you think about the images last week
that captivated the nation all of this
shows something we didn't know until
tonight that something was getting to
manna for maybe it's the potential jail
time that he sees now it's all too real
in his own trial or maybe it is this
mounting pressure across the entire
Trump universe with Michael Cohen
implicating Trump in a crime with the
fred's granting immunity to Trump's
money man and his tabloid ally ally plus
these aggressive moves from New York
state prosecutors as they eye the Trump
organization itself in fact it is that
federal probe in New York that is
seriously worrying some Trump allies
perhaps the special counsel is the least
of the threats the president faces right
now right you've got the Southern
District you've got the New York
Attorney General you've got the
Manhattan district attorney where is the
greatest threat well I've said that
right from the beginning because I think
he has constitutional defenses to the
investigation being conducted by Muller
but there are no constitutional defense
as to what the Southern District is
investigating so I think the Southern
District is the is the is the greatest
threat you hear the quote they're the
greatest threat to Donald Trump
according to Alan Dershowitz would be
from this office that got the guilty
plea out of Michael Cohen that is
actively granting immunity to one of the
highest-ranking employees who knows all
the financial secrets of the Trump
Organization of course there are other
threats because while the initial
investigation into Trump was focused on
the question of collusion the list is
growing it includes these campaign
related crimes it includes a lot
corruption in the Trump campaign and the
potential administration those deals
that man afford and others were working
on it includes the legal exposure of the
Trump Organization tonight obviously it
also includes these payoffs women who
allege past relationships and then of
course as we go through the legal woes
that are raising the heat on the Trump
administration there is that mounting
evidence of obstruction by Donald Trump
and/or his aides that Muller is
investigating that is the backdrop for
what we have learned now for the first
time if you follow the news if you
follow these cases you know that Paul
Manafort is the one who wouldn't plea
he's the one who would negotiate he's
the one who went all the way to trial as
all these other people including Michael
Cohen last week pled out so it is big at
new tonight that Michael Michael Cohen
the George papadopolis Michael Flynn all
these other people could be potentially
joined according to this reporting by
Paul manna for which does suggest that
he does not think a pardon is on the way
but there's one more thing I need to
tell you Vanity Fair also has a new
report tonight that Trump at least took
active steps to explore the idea of a
man-of-war pardon that he clashed with
white House Counsel Don Magan over it
Magan reportedly against the idea and
sources say Trump responded by
threatening to get rid of McGann and
hire a new lawyer who would go along
with a man-of-war pardon now this is all
tough news for the Trump White House
because it again suggests that Trump is
his own worst enemy in this probe the
pardon power legal experts tell us can
be abused in illegal ways it also
suggests that while Trump was publicly
defending McGann including on Twitter
privately he's still considering other
strategies and bracing for a wartime
footing where he would want a lawyer
who's more aggressive towards Muller
than McGann of course we all know McGann
is someone who is benefited by leaks
that betray him is very helpful to Bob
Millar not an adversary and then you
have Paul mana for considering a deal
with Muller which suggests that rumors
of whatever potential pardon there were
weren't good enough for Paul Manafort
and his lawyers last week as he
considers the up to 80 years in jail
with two trials to go so we're about to
hear directly from this journalist
breaking the Manta Ford story right now
I also want to tell you I'm joined by a
very special panel
Maya Wiley a former counsel of the mayor
of New York City I have a programming
announcement about her in a moment le
Hoenig a former federal prosecutor who
worked in the same office that was
prosecuting Cowan and secured this plea
deal mari gaya member the New York Times
editorial board and Shelby Holiday
reporter for The Wall Street Journal who
broke this story which is why we had
another Wall Street Journal reporter
Aruna
Vishwanatha breaking this story and
joining us by phone
thank you for hopping on the line after
this big scoop that I think everyone
will be talking about tonight what do
you see as the import the significance
of what you've unearthed that Palmero
Ford's lawyers were exploring
discussions with Muller to negotiate a
deal on the DC charges thanks for having
me
so yeah it does look like there is a
little bit of a chink in the armor so to
speak I don't want to read too much into
this it is relatively common as sort of
you get down to the wire if they already
went through a very grueling trial they
have potentially another very grueling
trial coming up in another couple weeks
you want to sort of sit down and explore
what are the possible options for trying
to get this off the table and is there
some kind of a deal we can reach where
we can kind of handle all this together
get him in front of the judge in
Virginia to get sentenced and get it all
over with together now as you mentioned
and we said in the story the they didn't
seem to reach a deal they are moving
forward to go ahead with this Washington
trial there is the potential prospect
for a third trial we'll find out later
this week if they're gonna prosecutors
are going to try to retry those
deadlocked counts so I don't want to
read too much into this but it does
suggest that there is some softening of
his position and maybe the potential for
some kind of deal well a Runa I
appreciate you don't want to read too
much into it you sound less excited
about your story and a lot of other
people because you have dropped
something of a bombshell that we
appreciate your measured and humble
telephone style this is a bombshell
because as you know up until this report
for months Paul Manafort has been the
lone stone cold resistor and have said
nothing and intimated nothing Michael
Cohen was out telling every report
on off the record that he could get he's
ready to cop a deal my man afford the
opposite can you tell us from your
reporting whether the DC negotiations
would have necessarily included jail
time and was there some sweetener in
there for Manta Ford as you understand
it we don't know the the terms that were
on the table at this point always when
you're gonna reach a deal to some extent
they're gonna drop some of the charges
that you face so you're so he was he
would never have likely had to apply to
everything that was on the table but we
don't know at this point what was
specifically on the table runa stay with
me I want to bring in our panel and my
Wylie first your reaction to this report
and second anything else you want to
know with a Runa on the line with us
about what she found well first I think
for all the reasons you've already said
are 8-1 it's amazing how you lose
friends when those friends are facing
prison time hmm not surprising that
Manafort was softening I think we don't
yet know whether or not there's going to
be continuing discussions we shouldn't
assume that just because they broke down
at this point there they aren't going to
continue for one thing I want to know is
do we have any sense of whether there
are continuing conversations because
just because prosecutors are getting
ready to continue with a trial that's
been booked doesn't mean there aren't
continuing negotiations going on the
other thing though that we don't know is
maybe manna fort didn't offer enough
that's actually a possibility I would
actually be very surprised if you
weren't necessarily looking to what
Donald Trump might be willing to do at
the same time that he was trying to
hedge his bets with what he might be
able to negotiate with prosecutors to
that point Ellie when you hear this and
I really use the language of oh maybe
the lawyers could wrap it all up at once
that would seem to suggest they didn't
think they were getting a mistrial on
all charges that his lawyers got him to
a place of saying well you're already
about to get some jail time here do you
want to bundle DC with it yeah plea
deals happen when both sides have
something to gain and something to lose
and so in that respect I think a plea
could make a lot of sense for both sides
mana Court would limit his exposure
Muller would lock in some more counts of
conviction
and both sides would save the resources
and money of another trouble I'm more
enthusiastic as well about arunas
reporting the question I have is where
the talks for a straight plea or or were
the talks for a cooperation plea because
if there's some talk of cooperation
being part of a plea that's a much
bigger deal aruna go ahead yeah we don't
know those terms right now all we know
is that they did have some talks to
discuss and right that is the biggest
question would it just be sort of plead
out to some counts and get sentenced and
leave it at that or open the door to
more cooperation and we don't have that
reporting just yet
let me bring in your colleague Shelby
Holliday who also follows this probe and
take a listen to Roger stone who you've
reported on extensively with his own
version of leaks and what he thinks is
coming down the pike I predicted
yesterday based on excellent sourcing
that the special counsel is going to
charge down from jr. with lying to the
FBI
Donald Trump jr. just mentioned Emmys he
gonna be his mother going after him next
she said they're gonna try and get him
for a lifetime so notice they're not
going after him for the underlying crime
because there is no crime he's done
nothing wrong
how does that figure into the present
state of mind tonight with this much
heat and then you got to think in the
White House Donald Trump who's been
talking about the pardon leaking about
Paul Manafort is a good guy
hearing what her owners reported that
there is talks underway yeah I think
this is probably shaking the White House
more than we know we've there various
reports that the president is worried
about not just his son but also his
son-in-law Jared Kushner where this
molar investigation could be going for
them I also think Roger stones point is
interesting he is a well sourced person
he's very connected I also think he's
trying to deflect a lot of his own legal
problems and maybe share them and spread
them on to other people we know that
Donald Trump jr. and Roger stone have
some things in common they both for
example communicated with these Twitter
accounts connected to the hacked and
leaked emails we know that they had
communications that Bob Muller is
looking at and so as Roger stone is
saying this it's interesting you know it
sort of mirrors some of the legal issues
he's having I do think one thing that's
really interesting
Munoz reporting we followed the Paul
Manafort first trial very carefully and
some of the exhibits that were uploaded
by the special counsel didn't get a ton
of focus in in court itself but the
exhibits were interesting because they
connect Paul Manafort even more closely
to Constantine Coulomb mnek someone who
is also indicted and part of the second
trial and we saw a lot of evidence back
and forth all the way up to 2015-2016
even 2017 bank accounts right in
connecting those two in a single word
you're talking about Russia and that the
DC trial was going to deal more with
Russia and tax evasion
tamarah yeah I just pulling back here
what's really interesting to me is that
it seems that the legal process seems to
be playing out you know as as it should
and whereas the political process is is
not actually happening in any kind of a
normal way and I'm at this point
becoming far more concerned with what's
going on or what isn't happening in
Congress especially among Republicans
than the legal system some branches of
our government are working and some are
not I mean they keep Congress keeps
Republicans in Congress keep moving that
that red line in terms of when they are
willing to discuss impeachment when
they're willing to you know admit that
maybe the president has gone too far and
and I just fear that given where the
Republican base is and given the
instinct for self-preservation above
country that that that is that this may
take us in a very scary place I mean
there's a world in which the legal
process may play out we may find you
know enormous Lee historic and tragic
evidence of wrongdoing from the White
House which we're already starting to
see although not the President himself
and and yet Congress may do nothing well
Natalie this is the the mine state of
the the president again from this new
game Sherman report tonight bill shine
the former fox executive is now inside
the White House says that the emotional
state of the president quote very tender
you know like a like a soft beef or a
very high-quality cut of meat a former
White House officials that's a real
source saying quote Trump spent the
weekend calling people and screaming
sources saying he quote feels cornered
with no clear way
out how do you put that in the context
that emotional state which we have an
unusual president who has difficulties
dealing with his own emotions and often
that leads him to make mistakes that are
against his own interest how do you
couple that with what he's gonna think
when he sees this reporting that's
broken just here this hour
that Paul Manafort is considering a deal
I think we'd all like a
commander-in-chief who was a little
cooler under pressure and who could hold
his poker face a little better but think
about all the different legal legal
troubles that are swirling around the
president now we have Muller actually
mana for we have Cohen
we have Wessel Berg we have pecker we
have the state AG here in New York we
have the DEA here in Manhattan and so
there is a storm around this president
unlike what I think any president has
ever seen it's of his own making but
we'll see how he holds up he needs to
get some get and listen to some really
solid legal advice and the other
question Aruna as always when we get
these tantalizing reports is the the
question from so many movies about crime
in the Mafia cui bono who benefits and
obviously as the good reporter you are
you're not going to get into any hints
about your sources but the Muller team
is famously tight-lipped this leak is
coming out now I wonder within the
bounds of what you're able to share what
you can tell us about why something like
this might be coming out or what if
anything you can say about the
tantalizing sentence in your article
where you say these talks basically
stalled over issues raised by Muller one
of the people said one of your sources
told you but you couldn't determine what
the issues were yeah I'm sorry I can't
really sort of get into that too much at
this point we don't know what what the
issues were that they broke down over we
just know that they did hold these talks
you know they think he's at least
considering trying to reach a deal and
that sort of make sense of what we know
right now understood Runa Vishwanatha I
want to thank you for bringing your
breaking story to the beat a big story
there in The Wall Street Journal I
imagine your phone will continue to ring
hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
