Foreign Affairs columnist for The
Washington Post and MSNBC contributor of
course a colleague of mr. Castillo G
David I'm trying to figure out why would
it matter if kesaji
had an association with the Muslim
Brotherhood does that justify killing
the man
well it's shocking that to have
conservative Americans talking as if
this part of his past in some way
excuses or explains this gruesome murder
I wrote in a law and peace about about
Jamal a week ago that all those details
are true he was a Muslim brother he did
know Osama bin Laden what's remarkable
about him is that in the middle of his
life he came to understand that violence
and extremism were destroying the Arab
world and he became a believer in the
power of journalism power of fact to
change people and he crusaded it for it
he it's rare to find a person who looks
danger in the face in our business and
goes ahead and he did that's what you're
saying is it this is a story that should
be elevated and celebrated the whole the
whole idea of what we've you know if you
go back to what george w bush about
trying to spread freedom and democracy
and we're trying to have these
conversation here's somebody that was
before POD perhaps let's think when the
the right wing attacks on Jamal based on
his past were circulated this week I
felt this is so wrong but it gives
people who knew Jamal a chance to say
yes that's that's where it began but he
beat he became a believer in the things
that we as Americans cherish freedom the
ability to speak out the ability to
challenge or leadership and he also
became fearless in a way that I think
people everywhere should admire and in
in death he is he is changing his
country in the way that he dreamed of
funny you say that do you really believe
that you really think this is having an
impact inside the kingdom it's having a
huge impact inside the kingdom I don't
know where this is gonna end up it's
clear that Saudi Arabia
Bob had been sold on the Crown Prince
would like to find a convenient fall guy
- but pin the blame I wrote several days
ago that would likely do I don't know
how do they think that helps them oh it
was an associate so so if they could
have an investigation and announce that
this rogue killer is the phrase
president Trump kind of packaged it up
for them as there's the way to way to
deal with this they could blame it on
the road killer and they they have this
deputy a head of their intelligence
service who they're kind of getting
ready for to play this role if that
would make it go away they would do that
I think it's becoming increasingly clear
that that's not gonna work that Mohammed
bin Salman is his regime has become
toxic global investors are fleeing and
Saudi Arabia has significant money
problems so you know they're gonna try
plan a and we'll see what the
administration does but if if plan a
fails I think they're gonna have to move
to plan B and what is that it's got to
be some change that says this era
symbolized by Mohammed bin Salman is
over it how that works what role he has
can't begin to say I'm just saying crown
prince if it is that also and it's the
king with it so we don't know where King
Salman is we do know I'll tell you one
interesting fact when King Salman
decided that he needed to do something
with Turkey to stabilize the situation
ten days ago he said a member of the
al-faisal family a son of King Faisal
which is a different branch of the royal
family he reached out to him they sent
him as his emissary to Turkey and Saudis
that I talked to regarded that as
extremely interesting and important move
that was separate by the king from what
his son NBS would have done where's that
going you know we're gonna we're gonna
see but don't think this is over all
right the president's comments just now
saying what he said isn't that sending a
signal to Congress I'm gonna veto a
sanctions bill he he
may be trying to head off sanctions and
he's right to think that Saudi Arabia is
an important ally he's locked in a
confrontation with Iran it's important
to that's why he needs a stable Saudi
Arabia but I think he misjudges the
degree of anger in Congress the Saudis
don't have many friends in Congress just
remember the Jasta help issue so you
know Lindsey Graham look right in the
camera and said this guy's a murderer he
was speaking to Donald Trump he was
saying mr. president don't do it right
David Ignatius thank you come on Sharon
what you know about your about your
former sadly you think former colleagues
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right here for you on youtube subscribe
now
