john mccain is someone as you said at
the top of the show who would rather
lose an election than lose a war Donald
Trump is someone who is at open war with
the intelligence community he just
stripped the security clearance from
John Brennan I know you signed a letter
in defense of John Brennan how dangerous
is the the treading on national security
for an American president right now
well it's concerning but I would point
out I think that the institutions are
very strong and very robust really Rob
Rosen Stein doesn't nobody has a job
well they you may look at the Department
of Justice differently but the
institutions with which I have
experienced the military and the
intelligence community very professional
and there are obviously no political
appointees in the military ranks
obviously there are in the Secretary of
Defense office and so forth but and then
the intelligence community the in the
CIA there's only one political appointee
matters the director of the CIA who
right now is a professional these are
organizations that keep their head down
that tell truth to power they're not
going to shrink from that but they're
going to keep on doing their job and I
have enormous confidence in each of
those institutions again I'll leave it
to others when it comes to the
Department of Justice and the challenges
that they face right now far be it for
me to question your assessment but does
it give you any pause to see people who
are as familiar as you are with those
agencies like general Hayden like John
Brennan like George Tenet who also
signed that letter really sounding the
alarm and feeling that it is almost
unamerican to have a president disparage
some of those institutions that have
always sort of been on the other side of
the red line of political discourse well
we signed the letter and it should be
read very carefully because a number of
us George and I and others have not been
ones who have been out on domestic
issues that we tend to focus on the
areas that we know and what struck us in
this case and what galvanized all of us
was the a seeming attempt to number one
to stifle the first that
no speech you know I I was criticized
very very many times in uniform and so
forth and after one particular case
where a full-page ad was taken out
against me and the big day of the
biggest testimony ever the six-month
mark of the surge the next day I was
asked how I felt about that and I said
you know I feel very proud to have
defended the right of others to exercise
free speech even if it means criticizing
me I obviously didn't applaud it but
again and that's the way I feel about it
in general and someone would seem to
want to impede that or to intimidate
others that was what bothered us and
that's what led us to do that again
whether or not all the signers agreed
with what John Brennan has said or the
profile or what-have-you in fact it said
- - and not all do we all were united in
that particular issue and that's I think
what really mattered there again though
I again IV say 37 years and one of them
and and then was the head of the other I
think these institutions are very very
strong and I think they will very much
endure I want to just tell our viewers I
remember that day and they there was an
ad I believe it was paid for by
moveon.org because you general betray us
you were it was 2006 is that right 2007
it was the six-month mark of the surge
ambassador Crocker and I were in
Washington that day we were going to
testify before the the house and armed
services and Foreign Relations
committees
I guess the distinction I would draw
between that which was inexcusable I
believe I was in the White House at the
time and I remember that it was it was
that that it at the time crossed the red
line is that the attacks now are coming
from an American president is there
anything in the attacks on the justice
of general Hayden calls them the
evidence-based sciences the media the
the Justice Department the intelligence
community and science and and is there
anything as someone who has served our
country and has worked in the is run
these agencies that gives you pause
about his skepticism about
evidence-based practices oh this gives
me pause without question
facts so yeah I really doesn't think so
no I know I again so there's some degree
of difference here obviously but you
were asking me about the strength of the
institutions and again I think these are
very very strong institutions with
centuries of history and tradition and
so forth we stand on the shoulders of
those who came before us and so forth
and therefore stand very tall by the way
many will say that about the Senate
standing on the shoulders of John McCain
and you know I might want to point out
here a lot of people I think are already
saying that he is the irreplaceable man
and and so on and they're as much do
this I mean there's you can't look out
there and see another Senator McCain
right now but I think he would be the
first to say that there will be others
and it may be the crop of again
America's new greatest generation
members these young men and women who
volunteered at a time of war and served
our country whether or not the country
agreed with the policies these
individuals are extraordinary and now
they are seeking to continue their
service many of them now looking at
politics for the first time do you agree
with John McCain's assessment that the
Helsinki meeting was a tragic mistake
that's what he called it well there were
a lot of description for it and
certainly being one of them yeah I mean
again there were there were others and
so yeah hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
