are we in some way do you think
witnessing more than senator mccain's
passing is there something that he
represented as a public servant that is
dying with him I hope it's not dying
with him but he'd be the first to say
that it shouldn't die with him and it
won't die with him to see a great faith
in America I mean it's unfortunate the
President Trump doesn't have the grace
and decency just to lower the flag to
half-mast for this week it's done for
sitting senators who died out only four
senators like McCain who were you know
major figures obviously in American
history I wonder secretary mattis the
Secretary of Defense will actually order
flags at military bases around the world
to fly at half-staff or not secretary
Pompeo could do the same for embassies
that might be a nice gesture by the two
leading cabinet secretaries that they're
not on board sort of the pettiness of
the President and that the country as a
whole
acknowledges this man and what he stands
for both it's just a every we should
acknowledge every sitting senator really
but also obviously an extraordinary
career of service to the country one of
the things we've heard about John McCain
and it's not surprising to people who
know him is that in his final months he
was obviously very concerned about the
direction the country was going in that
in his way through tweets even in the
final months he let it be known the
things that he thought and so in that
spirit I want to read a headline from
the Washington Post
McCain's death marks a new era for
congressional checks on Trump and the
article points out that McCain quote
used his chairmanship of the Senate
Armed Services Committee to question the
president's stance on issues such as
Russia torture and immigration Mike can
you put into some perspective for us the
loss of Senator McCain as it relates to
foreign policy as it relates to our
national security well I think the
entire purpose of Congress is to act as
a co-equal branch and John McCain always
asserted that co-equal this and we've
seen Congress and the Senate giving up
that the Senate not as much as the House
of Representatives so John McCain
actually was trying to live out his life
as a public servant and I think that's
one of the reasons why so many people
are so touched by John McCain because
you always get the sad
that maybe alone among that club of 100
he sense that his service as a senator
was the second most important act of
public service he is committed and so
you know you have these people who are
walking around quite officiously
impressed with themselves you never got
the sense that john mccain was impressed
with himself and yet the substance of
what he did as you've alluded to it was
so important yeah and and the Minority
Leader Chuck Schumer says he has
introduced a resolution to rename the
Russell Senate office building after his
dear friend let's just listen to that
and I'd like decades from now little
children to ask their parents who was
John McCain and they'll explain his
sacrifice his patriotism and most of all
his fidelity to do the right thing as he
saw it and when he did the wrong thing
to change
I do think you know we can look back and
we could say for example that he
admitted Ron that he was very slow about
the Confederate flag issue back in 2000
he does it seemed to be part of a a
dwindling number of people who have to
depend on votes to get it keep their job
that he was willing to say I should have
done something differently or I was
wrong
and yet you know in this moment we have
literally thousands of Trump supporters
who were viciously attacking him after
he died Alexandria Ocasio Cortes of
course the progressive in New York got
literally hundreds of victory aaalac
responses after she tweeted a tribute to
him it seems McCain almost in his death
is proving one of the major concerns
before he died about how divided we have
become you can't even when someone who
was a war hero passes away keep yourself
away from saying something nasty on
Twitter and again to the point he wasn't
perfect but really but no one is a
Christian you know it's amazing that we
you know but as we should hold our
elected officials to a somewhat higher
standard but perfection is not one that
can be attained by anybody I mean there
may have been some people in history who
tried to attain it John McCain was very
vocal and saying that he was not perfect
none of us is as we said
it is disappointing it's disillusioning
that from the White House on down people
cannot find the grace to just offer a
kind word to someone who has passed who
have fought not only this difficult
battle but an extraordinary battle
earlier in his life when he was in the
Hanoi Hilton and Vietnam going had a
chance to be released and would not be
released I mean it looked serious
yes it and you know he was an honorable
man those of us knew him and who covered
him and who spent time either on TV or
on radio with him you know found him to
be quite genial you know quite
self-deprecating on many occasions and
and was always able to cross party lines
he was as some people said Hillary
Clinton's drinking buddy for a period of
time they could in fact cross that line
and I think that was you know something
important and something that if is not
dying may have already died we're not
sure where we are in this in this divide
but it is it is great it is an enormous
breach and it's going to take someone
special to cross over and and achieve
the types of things he did when he was
in the Senate yeah I think to that point
bill you have the question of these very
big shoes that have to be filled and you
have someone who attained a level that
most people in the Senate never attained
in turn in terms of their influence we
have a Arizona Governor Doug Ducey who
is going to be able to select now who is
going to replace John McCain will it be
someone do you think in McCain's mold
should that happen out of respect for
him or is it more likely to be someone
who is more aligned with Donald Trump
you know I don't know I hope personally
it's someone more aligned with the
general worldview of John McCain
everyone to go a tad here is he what he
cared about the most was the defense of
America but also that if what America
stood for for liberty and liberty around
the world the do all the tributes are
coming in from foreign leaders and
that's nice but for me what's more
moving is the tributes from foreign
dissidents ex dissidents current
dissidents people who McCain spoke up
with and four and met with around the
world I hope it's someone who stands for
those principles but I don't know what
will happen obviously those shoes can't
be filled entirely obviously but I think
again McCain would say you know of a few
good American history we didn't know
ahead of time who the great leaders
would be a lot of
people came out of obscurity and out of
different backgrounds and ended up
really doing remarkable things and I he
had a faith in America and I guess I
have some of that faith too and I'm not
quite as convinced that that whole
tradition is dead or dying or couldn't
be we can't have a comeback in a
different way both of my partisanship
and the standing up for liberty the
civility the decency the courage you
know that's really an important part of
it just being willing to take some risks
and politics and obviously McCain having
gone through what he'd gone through the
risk seemed a little less daunting I
think to a lot of these other the
characters who for whom you know I'm
having a tough election is the worst
thing they can imagine happening to them
in their life hey Chris what's
interesting to me and as I wax nostalgic
not just over Senator McCain but you you
look at the the class of senators and
representatives that some of us you know
started our career with the Bob Dole's
the Sam Nunn's the alan simpson's and
others who are these days lions of our
political culture and they were a
different breed of character i mean they
did cross the aisle they did do the
necessary things when called upon and
and they did not necessarily only focus
on party and ideology and i think the
group that we have in the halls of
congress day is radically different from
the group that john mccain served with
in his earlier days and i well i'm
hopeful as bill is i I do worry that
there is a stark and radical difference
between elected representatives today
and those that many of us knew in Prior
iterations if I could have one word one
word Christian that I think what John
would have said my McCain might have
said that was some of the younger 9/11
post 9/11 veterans who McCain mentored
in the Senate and in the house actually
and Democrats and Republicans they have
a little more of that spirit of John
McCain so just to be helpful here I do
think some of the younger members would
like to model themselves on McCain and
not of what they see among some of the
people around them yeah who understand
the philosophy of Band of Brothers to
what you were saying though Ron I think
the big difference is not the
politicians I think it's us I think
where we are I think we are polarized
and that is not something that
politicians are created that's something
the politicians are reflecting it and it
does not surprise me that Donald Trump
superfans
would come out against McCain they'd be
hypocrites not to it does not surprise
me that Acacio court hypocrites not to
you just don't tweet you don't attack
someone and that shouldn't but have you
seen what well they wouldn't be
hypocritical not to do it we know where
they stand we know where they stand and
that's okay people can have policy
differences but at the time of the death
of somebody who served his country
virtually his entire life well it is an
indecent thing to do but a hallmark of
this presidency is indecency which is my
point and what Trump might be the
exception I do think we have become
polarized for structural reasons for the
problem or what was once in is the
solution of ideological purity within
the party and I wanted to say about both
sides alexandria Ocasio Cortez you know
her supporters look at McCain and say
this is a guy who is in favor of nine of
the last three Wars and I mean those
statistics he was always in favor of
going to war why would they like him so
my point is that when you talk about the
senators that were and McCain is in that
class I think it more as a reflection of
an America that was and isn't anymore
Kelly I mentioned at the top that you
have a kind of unique insight into
Senator McCain you covered the 2008
presidential run against then Senator
Barack Obama so I just wanted to play a
few key moments from your reporting when
Senator McCain had to play referee with
some of his supporters during that time
let's listen I man and voiced suspicions
and fears were scared we're scared of an
Obama presidency McCain was stuck and
ended up defending the rival he wants to
defeat I have to tell you he is a decent
person and a person that you do not have
to be scared as president United States
now I just I can't trust Obama I have
read about him and he's not he's not
he's a he's an Arab he is not
no no no ma'am no ma'am
he said he's a he's a decent family man
citizen that I just happened to have
disagreements with on fundamental issues
Kelly we often talk about John McCain
how he defended his rival when we saw
what that woman had to say about Barack
Obama but I think mentioned less often
he also did it very kindly very
respectfully he was not out to admonish
or embarrass that woman he was out
however to set the record straight and
it struck me this morning that mark
Salter who of course was his co-writer
his longtime speechwriter who knew him
so well over the decades said that
decency is what really drove the guy is
the way Mark Salter put it is that what
you would say as someone who has covered
him all these years well and memories
flood back from those moments where I
was in the room when those supporters
and voters would challenge McCain and
one of the things that was part of his
brand was taking endless questions from
voters which by its very nature is
unpredictable and being willing to do
what it is hard to imagine most
politicians of this moment being willing
to do and that is to tell someone you're
seeking their vote their support that
they are somehow wrong or incorrect or
misinformed that's a difficult thing to
do and I was struck by how that was
something for all his bombast and all of
his fire he did it quietly and politely
he also at times would do that when you
know in politics at rallies there are
always speakers who come before the
candidate and occasionally there would
be those who would speak to a crowd
waiting to see McCain and o8 who would
say things that were critical of Barack
Obama in this Lane not about ideas and
policy but much more personal attacks on
him and McCain would rebuke that as well
and we're talking about weeks before the
election I remember that day with the
woman in Minnesota so vividly that's not
a position a politician wants to be in
they want to have the momentum in their
favor
and yet that moment where he had to make
a decision in a split second endures ten
years later and will endure many years
beyond today because he was willing to
do without checking
a consultant or contemplating his poll
numbers he just spoke what he felt was
right in a reassuring way to those
voters not telling them they were simply
wrong but that the country would be okay
in the hands of someone like Barack
Obama if he could not beat him and let's
be clear when he conceded that was
heartbreaking for John McCain he wanted
to be President he ran twice and
believed he would have been a good
president but he also believed the
country's future was far more important
than his own and that's the thing that
is rare and that's what's worth
remembering about John McCain today this
week and for a long time to come Chris
well well said imagine that that you
could actually choose to do the right
thing without focus grouping it hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
