when the the right-wing attacks on Jamal
based on his past were circulated this
week I felt this is so wrong
but it gives people who knew Jamal a
chance to say yes that's that's where it
began but he beat he became a believer
in the things that we as Americans
cherish freedom the ability to speak out
the ability to challenge our leadership
and he also became fearless in a way
that I think people everywhere should
admire and in in death he is he is
changing his country in the way that he
dreamed of funny you say that do you
really believe that you really think
this is having an impact inside the
kingdom it's having a huge impact inside
the kingdom I don't know where this is
gonna end up it's clear that Saudi
Arabia mob had been Saban the crown
prince would like to find a convenient
fall guy - but pin the blame I wrote
several days ago look likely do I don't
know how do they think that helps them
oh it was an associate so so if they
could have an investigation and announce
that this rogue killer is the phrase
President Trump kind of packaged it up
for them as there's the way to way to
deal with this they could blame it on
the road killer and they they have this
deputy a head of their intelligence
service who they're kind of getting
ready for to play this role if that
would make it go away they would do that
I think it's becoming increasingly clear
that that's not gonna work
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right here for you on youtube subscribe
now
