Senator John McCain of Arizona very good
to have you on the show this morning sir
thank you
it's freezing my ass off Willie I'm one
of the few that gets up early enough oh
my god you got to get something my blood
going in the more I could I say
congratulations to you and Joe really
pleased that Joe has found someone that
loves him as much as he does I'm very
pleased and we've disagree on your
general sometimes wrong the question was
that a lot of us had get that day three
four years later you are has been about
the tax attorney I'm in second but first
of all let me ask so I guess the final
question would be are you still freezing
your ass off music thank you for your
honesty and thank you for your strength
at a time when this Republic needs it
the most I thank you and make it's not
too late
oh my god this morning we remember John
McCain his humor his leadership and his
lifetime of service to the United States
of America a country that the senator
said he learned to love while being a
prisoner in another country welcome to
morning Joe on this Monday August 27th
and we brought in a lot of people to
talk about the legacy in life of Senator
John McCain we have MSNBC contributor
Mike Barnicle president the Council on
Foreign Relations Richard Haass NBC News
chief foreign affairs correspondent in a
host of Andrea Mitchell reports Andrea
Mitchell Washington anchor for BBC World
News America kETK and historian and the
author of soul of America and Rodgers
professor of the presidency Vanderbilt
University Jon Meacham macchesney off
Willy will also be back later this week
and there's so many Jon Meacham you go
through all the paradoxes all the all
the conflicts that are internal the
United States of America and its
greatness and you talk about always
arcing towards ever upward and our
trajectory as a civilization john mccain
had some conflicts he had some
contradictions he had sharp elbows he
had sharp edges and yet in in all of my
years dealing with a man it made me love
him even more even even when I knew at
times when he loved me he he was a
straight shooter he spoke his mind and
he was exactly what America needed not
only in the 1960s in Vietnam the courage
that he showed the extraordinary
strength he showed but also in the age
of Trump a man who just didn't give a
damn about an errant tweet from a
blustery president because he had
already been through hell
and back and he could put up with it
absolutely he you know is the Greek said
character is destiny and his character
as a young man both before his captivity
and afterward were those salient
elements that you just described here's
a young man who I think graduated fifth
from the bottom of his class at
Annapolis and I think as he once put it
rarely met members of the opposite sex
or fermented liquid that he did not
enjoy I think was was one way he framed
it and then he was tempered and shaped
in that cauldron of captivity in Vietnam
and emerges as at once
reverent about America and irreverent
about himself and that is a powerful
combination and I think that we all
benefited from it he called them as he
saw them he defies easy ideological
categorization and I think one of the
reasons so many people have been so
affected by this is we realized that in
this tribal moment we've lost someone
who was willing to look at an issue look
at a question and just tell you what he
thought damn the consequences and that's
when you know my offered yeah it
certainly did and Mike very few would
have guessed that John McCain would have
served this country and become really
the most prominent American public
figure of the past 50 years that didn't
serve as president from that start that
that Jon Meacham said he was always
filled with surprises he wasn't
considered to be a serious student and
you know he was at Pensacola he went
through Pensacola everybody had a story
about John McCain crawling onto their
porch in the middle of the night and
leaving their ports in the early morning
while he was in flight training
and our the time that it just but it's
so fascinating that he was seen as this
party boy then he goes to Vietnam he
gets shot down he's given an opportunity
to leave because they find out oh my god
this this this got this POWs father is
one of the top Admirals will let him go
McCain refuses to go he stays with his
band of brothers while he's getting
beaten unmercifully to a point that
he'll never be able to raise his arms
over his shoulders for the rest of his
life character that no one saw coming
character like we see so rarely today
Joe and character just rooted in cement
his life was not perfect he didn't leave
that lead his life perfectly but his
life was truly important and his time in
captivity as you just spoke to as Jon
Meacham just spoke to I think he always
had the feeling that now he has a second
chance and he had a second chance in
American life he took advantage of it
every single second after he returned to
this country he was a uniquely
thoroughly human figure over the past 25
years and I was going through all the
clips this weekend where he and I were
together or I had written about him and
I once asked him again about his
captivity how long did you ever go
without seeing the Sun and he said the
longest that I can remember going
without seeing the Sun was about four
months and then he paused and he added
but I remember one time when they took
me out of myself for a nighttime
interrogation and it struck me that it
had been three years since I saw the
moon that's the foundation of the man we
lost character
courage commitment to this country all
of it absorbed in a cell much of it over
the course of five and a half years that
he spent alone
he was uniquely thoroughly human being I
don't see we won't see his like for many
many years if ever
no and and you know Andrea he he was so
unique and he was he was human he when I
got up to when I got up to Washington
the first time I was struck by when I
talked about John McCain and what a
great American hero he was I was shocked
by the sneers yeah you haven't dealt
with him yet in committee yeah you
haven't had him kill your bill yet they
and and I heard to a person John McCain
had sharp elbows he was tough he he was
a maverick he was an outsider he was a
guy that wasn't going to go along to get
along
and yet when when somebody needed help
when somebody's back was through the
wall they immediately knew to go to John
McCain because this was a guy that you
wanted to be in the foxhole with you
whether it was in war or in peace or or
in committee fighting for something that
you believed would make America a better
place absolutely I mean those sharp
elbows were part of the character that
made him so unique and why we are
feeling the gut punch of his lost son
was so deeply because there is no one
else in the Senate certainly no one else
who would ignore the protocols and the
niceties and just say what he thinks and
that's that cranky soul that we all got
to know and were occasionally chastised
by and one of the most sterling parts of
his character is the way he grew and
changed
and reached not just across the aisle
but across huge gulfs and I am really
struck by what I was covering back in
the 90s which was the growing
relationship when I was covering the
Senate between John Kerry and John
McCain not likely partners on anything
when they first joined hands on that pio
wmia Commission in 1991 in the Senate
and then decided on a long flight to
Kuwait that year to join together across
their divide over Vietnam and make peace
help Bill Clinton eventually in 95 but
it was a long process and did along the
way with them going together in 1993 to
the Hanoi Hilton and going into that
cell and John Kerry listening and
listening he wrote about this over the
weekend and listening to John McCain and
beginning to understand and then
together they gave political cover to an
accused draft dodger back in the day
when that was almost derailed his
campaign in the primary and in 1992
aside from the other stuff that happened
that was just such a big gesture I can't
even imagine what it took for John
McCain to stand up for both then in 1993
when he was under fire and help him
write help him
satisfy the Joint Chiefs and satisfy all
the veterans groups who were out there I
was there on Memorial Day in 93 at the
Vietnam Memorial and Bill Clinton was
being screamed down by groups who did a
piece that night and by two years later
he was able to normalize relations with
Vietnam yeah unbelievable and you talked
about John McCain chastising all of us
from time to time I remember him telling
Mike Barnicle after Mike had said hey I
hear they sunk the Forrestal and right
off
the base in Pensacola to create a reef
of course McCain was on the forest all
his response was yeah it's a shame they
didn't chain Scarbro to the deck Waller
that's that's a sort of chastising John
McCain was pretty comfortable doing but
Mike again when push came to shove
though you know especially after 2017
and Donald Trump getting elected McCain
was the one voice that that everybody
knew would continue to talk straight no
matter what again he didn't care about
he didn't care about Donald Trump's
errant tweets or his insults and by the
way he didn't care what Donald Trump had
been saying over the past six months I'm
sure because he'd been through so much
more and he was just he was tough to the
core yes he was Joe won one correction
it was the Oriskany that was sunk off
the coast of Pennsylvania the Oriskany
yeah but you're right and and and the
thing about it Richard is over the
weekend there have been reports that
President Trump nixed the idea of an
official statement and instead tweeted
something about the family without
mentioning Senator McCain specifically
he signed the defense appropriations
bill named after John McCain last week
without mentioning him specifically and
I think it's a measure of John McCain
and his role in his stature in American
life that you cannot compare nor
contrast the size of both men I mean the
president United States so small
Senator McCain so huge in our lives in
now in our memories their two reactions
one is a whenever you act patty
whenever you act small the only person
who gets diminished is yourself and the
president accomplished that in spades
this week and it was a moment for
graciousness as a moment to reach out
and
didn't and it's a stain on his character
in the case of Senator McCain yeah I've
known him for decades two things one is
he's a throwback the idea here's a
Republican who's hanging out with
Democrats here's a politician who says
unpolitical thinks it was a reminder
when we had real people are standing in
stature walking the halls of the Senate
he's one of the big guys in the Senate
you know the people we grew up with
there's not a lot of them anymore and
John McCain was one of them it's also
interesting to see the European and
international reaction people like Matt
crawl reaching out to save public things
McCain represented an era of Atlantis
ISM that stretches back FDR and World
War two goes through the Cold War in the
post Cold War period he was one of the
leading advocates of NATO enlargement of
reaching out to these newly independent
states of basically saying American
foreign policy has to be about strategy
but we've also got to be about values
and principle and democracy it is
striking the the statements you
mentioned McCrone from Germany and Great
Britain and nothing from the Oval Office
really no and it's just when you think
you've lost the ability to shake your
head anymore
things like this happen and you and you
basically you can't believe what it is
you're seeing or in this case you're not
seeing yeah you know Cadi it's very
interesting you see the the comments
from Justin Trudeau talking about
Senator John McCain being an American
patriot and a hero who sacrifices for
his country and a lifetime of public
service were an inspiration to millions
Canadians join Americans tonight in
celebrating his life and mourning his
passing and of course Justin Trudeau and
Canadians join Americans except of
course for Donald Trump and I must say
some former members some members of my
former party who have just acted
abhorrently in the time of John McCain's
death so importantly that I don't want
to even mention
their name on this show because they are
beneath contempt and you really do at
the end of the day you wonder who raised
them hmm and what are those people
thinking of them now that they would
kick around a man in his last 24 to 48
hours while he was dying
but speaking of character I wanted to
read you a tweet from General Michael
Hayden who talked about John McCain's
character and general Hayden and John
McCain were not on the same side on many
things and of course John McCain
especially talked about when we talked
about values he talked about what
America should and shouldn't do at war
he's talking about waterboarding torture
of course we all remember that and we
had some cross words about that
ourselves but General Michael Hayden
said while I was at the CIA Senator John
McCain ripped me a new one on several
occasions but not once did he think I
shouldn't have a security clearance go
figure
rest in peace American Hero
and I think that's the greatest legacy
that here you have some of the most
liberal candidates in America right now
who represent the far progressive left
remembering John McCain positively you
have Michael Hayden and others who John
McCain ripped to shreds because of
policy differences coming out calling
him an American Hero this is a man that
people loved and respected and admired
even after engaging in the toughest of
political fights because they knew that
it was coming from his heart and not did
for cheap political gain
yeah Joe you have to wonder whether
there aren't people down in Arizona you
referred to them oblique ly just a
moment ago or some of those people in
the White House who have spoken out
against John McCain over the course of
the last few months whether they don't
realize they're on the wrong side
history on this one as they see this
huge outpouring of respect for John
McCain's courage not just from Americans
as you mentioned but from right around
the world and I think as the world sits
at this moment and wonders where
American leadership is going wonders
what America's role is going to be in
the world whether universal values are
going to be upheld John McCain stood for
that and I think part of the reason that
you've seen this outpouring from Canada
from Europe from as far away of us as
Australia is this this fear that we are
losing the United States at the moment
in the sense that America is going to
lead on those values and stand up for
what is right
and John McCain always did that a month
into Donald Trump's presidency John
McCain stood up in Munich and talked
about the encroaching threat of
authoritarianism he warned people
against resentment of refugees and
immigrants and even Muslims and spoke
about the need for the kind of values
that have got us through the Cold War
that is the America that the rest of the
world still wants to hear from that is
the America that John McCain right up
until the end was saying is still with
you don't give up on America don't give
up on that America and yet we watch the
direction of this White House and I
think part of the reason you're seeing
this global outpouring of concern today
and and loss is is not just John McCain
it's what John McCain stood for well and
what he stood for not only for this
country but also what he tried to stand
for for the Republican Party the party
of Abraham Lincoln I found this quote
this weekend that about what John McCain
said after the Republican National
Convention and Donald Trump's very
public fight with the Khan family it is
time for Donald Trump to set an example
for our country in the future of the
Republican Party well our party is
bestowed upon him the nomination it is
not annika it is not accompanied by
unfettered license to defame those who
are the best among us again when Jon
Meacham talking about the Khan family
goldstar parents and their son who gave
all for this country McCain
put it in perspective for us if you will
you in Bobby Kennedy we we just remember
the 50th the 50th anniversary of Bobby
Kennedy's passing and obviously he was
the most significant person of his time
not to be a president it seems John
McCain like Alexander Hamilton at the
beginning of the Republic again it's
hard to think of many people over the
past half-century that had more of an
impact in our public life that were not
that was not a president it's true going
be Hamilton is a great example Daniel
Webster who articulated a vision of the
American Union Henry Clay who patched
together important compromises if
ultimately flawed in the middle of the
19th century Henry Cabot Lodge you you
go into john foster dulles Dean Acheson
James Baker in our time is an incredibly
talented public servant who was never
president they're statesmen there's
people who love the country you led with
I think one of the great McCain insights
which is I fell in love with my country
when I was a prisoner in someone else's
and I've always been incredibly struck
by that you when you think of what your
reaction coming out of that cell and the
way Mike so wonderfully talked about it
the idea that you would actually fall
more in love with the country who which
had consigned you to this unimaginable
for so many of us experience and I think
that's part of the reason for this
reaction is we honor that service and I
think all of us wonder what would we do
if we were shot down out of the sky over
enemy territory and found ourselves in
captivity without doctors with we're you
know the only entertainment was McCain
once had to steal a Bible copy down some
passages in order to memorize them and
read
he was the chaplain in the cell he would
read her repeat bits of the Episcopal
liturgy he'd learned at Episcopal high
school across the river in Alexandria
he used to act out movies that they
could remember McCain remembered how he
when there was a new prisoner they were
sort of secretly happy about it in some
ways because at least they could find
out there's some new movies and they
would have a little bit more to go one
last thing about I think what we see
McCain we do see this emblem of
transcendence and of candor in public
life I was just thinking over the
weekend there's a moment at a very dark
hour in George HW Bush's presidential
diary he's just lost the presidency to
Bill Clinton he's gone up to Capitol
Hill for a dinner he's in a he's in a
state as you can imagine having lost the
presidency to this draft dodger as he
called him in in the diary and he's
going through the receiving line at a
Senate dinner and John McCain appears
and Bush starts to cry shakes his hand
apologized to McCain McCain moves on
president Bush finishes the dinner goes
back to the White House but the image of
John McCain is right in his mind and so
he gets up he wakes Barbara up he gets
the Secret Service to drive them over to
the Vietnam Memorial
late at night whether it's Veterans Day
and so they're reading the names of the
fallen and without publicity the
president I states the defeated
President United States gets up and
reads names of the fallen from that
controversial conflict and it was all
because John McCain reminded him of what
service was and I think that's why we're
reacting the way we are thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
