welcome back if you'll indulge me for a
minute I've spent the past 48 hours
thinking back on the times that I was
lucky enough to find myself in the
company of John McCain I first started
covering Capitol Hill back in 2008 when
he was the Republican nominee for
president running against Barack Obama
who was also a member of his beloved
United States Senate and the weeks after
McCain lost his famous temper flared
pretty often but soon enough he returned
to his usual form
he was sharply funny sometimes at your
expense heaven help you if you didn't
know what you were talking about but as
you can see Senator McCain reveled in
his sparring matches with us in the
press and he knew my name long before I
ever appeared on television he set an
example also of bipartisanship that is
sadly missing today the year that I
started Democrats were pushing Obamacare
through the Senate under the careful
watch of Ted Kennedy who chaired the
powerful Health Committee but too soon
Kennedy was diagnosed with the very
disease that McCain would later die from
nine years later to the very day and it
was McCain who eulogized his friend
Labor Day I'll go back to the Senate and
I'll try to be as persistent as Ted was
and is passionate for the work I know
I'm privileged to serve there but I
think most of my colleagues would agree
the place won't be the same without him
Senator McCain after a decade of trying
to keep up with you in those marble
hallways I know the place that you so
loved is going to be a lesser place
without you one by one it seems we have
lost our lions my hope for this Congress
and this country is that remembering and
honoring your life and legacy sir will
inspire the best among us to serve as
you did Godspeed hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of
other great videos
