Senate when you woke up this morning did
you say to yourself world was I fifty
years ago yeah
you know I did and I thought wow maybe I
used when I should have zagged today
yeah I thought about it a lot but I also
thought about Tom about the the heroes
that I have known in the benefit of
having served in the company of heroes
and the that I am the luckiest guy you
will ever talk to John McCain was of
course more than a senator he was a
decorated Navy veteran and prisoner of
war who was tortured at the hands of his
captors in Vietnam
Harry Smith of NBC News has more on
McCain's military legacy he was John
McCain the third the son and grandson of
US Navy Admirals but his war was Vietnam
in July 1967 the brash young fighter
pilot narrowly escaped death on the deck
of the USS Forrestal the massive fire
nearly sank the ship in the gulf of
tonkin claiming the lives of more than a
hundred men just three months later
while on his 23rd combat mission
McCain's plane was hit by enemy fire
yesterday three American planes were
shot down and at least two of their
pilots captured one of them was
Lieutenant Commander John McCain third
the son of the u.s. naval commander in
Europe was hit I could see that the wing
was gone
ejected from my airplane I was knocked
unconscious by the ejection
and injured when I'm spoken my leg
broken dragged from a lake by an angry
crowd McCain was severely wounded and in
shock the Vietnamese denied him medical
attention I was dumped in a dark cell
and left to die then they realized his
potential propaganda value when they
discovered my father was an admiral they
took me to a hospital
they couldn't set my bones properly so
they just slapped a cast on me
Lieutenant Commander John McCain a
French film crew was summoned to
document the new POWs good treatment but
McCain refused to cooperate with his
captors even when he was offered the
opportunity to go home our code said we
could only go home in the order of our
capture and there were men who had been
shot down long before me it would cost
him two years in solitary confinement
with very severe mistreatment beatings
broke my arm it was very serious at the
time I was in very good physical shape
anyway and it made it a lot worse in
that time of deprivation and frequent
beatings he would once break during an
interrogation and he would attempt
suicide in all John McCain would spend
five and a half years as a prisoner of
war released in 1973 he finally returned
home forever shaped by his experience
but never bitter Senator McCain years
later as a senator working with two
presidents he played a key role in
restoring relations with Vietnam it's
very important for us to recognize that
the war is over john mccain not only
survived vietnam he made peace with the
past
I put the Vietnam War behind me a long
time ago I harbor no anger nor rancor
I'm a better man for my experience and
I'm grateful for having the opportunity
of serving his heroes he always said
were his fellow POWs his fellow
Americans I fell in love with my country
when I was a prisoner in someone else's
I loved it because it was not just a
place but an idea a cause worth fighting
for I was never the same again I wasn't
my own man anymore I was my country's
Harry Smith NBC News New York
joining me now is MSNBC military analyst
Colonel Jack Jacobs and counterterrorism
expert Malcom Nance or I don't know
whether it go with branch of service or
rank and decoration I think I'm gonna go
with ranking decoration this time
colonel Jack Jacobs your thoughts on the
passing of John McCain well is a big gap
now in leadership he was the kind of
person everybody can rely on to be
sensible about things they start at the
end and work backwards think about what
the objective is first before you
allocate resources he was the kind of
person who taught us a very important
and productive way of looking at things
and that is that you can't do anything
about yesterday the only thing you can
work on is tomorrow and you have to
dedicate yourself to improving the
future fulminate about the past get you
absolutely nowhere and I think he taught
that to all you know essentially but you
say that Colonel Jack because you know
better than most Vietnam was such a
wrenching experience for the country it
was such a divisive issue that it washed
over into our politics right through the
1990s the question of where you stood on
the war whether you opposed the war for
John Kerry right through 2004 whether
you fought in the war got deferments you
know it really used to be the wrenching
issue in American politics John McCain
as somebody who was a POWs for five
years worked with John Kerry on
normalization of US relations with
Vietnam he able he was able to overcome
not just his personal history but the
American kind of you know anxiety about
Vietnam well they were grown up they
were both Navy too I think maybe there
was something there with it all that
notwithstanding
misil where we're headed
what does it take to get to where we
want to go and one of the things that
comes immediately to mind was the fact
that the war in Vietnam was very much
different than the other wars we had
fought particularly the Second World War
where everybody every household had made
a commitment to defend the Republic I
grew up in a neighborhood in New York
City where I don't I don't remember a
single solitary friend of mine whose
father had not been in the war 20 years
later when we were fighting in Vietnam
it was a selective war if you were going
to college you didn't have to go to war
if you were married you didn't have to
go to war we were very we had Selective
Service and we were very selective about
who we picked therefore there was not
this common experience that we had in
the Second World War and the people who
served became relatively isolated from
the rest of the Republic John Kane John
McCain's
view about all that was that that was a
bad thing to do that was a bad place to
go and tried very very hard and was
successful in changing people's
attitudes about what service to country
really meant yeah okay to the Navy man
now I'm Malcolm Nance your thoughts on
the passing of John McCain I'm
heartbroken I mean I've had I had a
pretty rough night of it as you know
said some tough things on Twitter yeah
but you know I'm a Navy man I'm a chief
I met John McCain and the first thing I
said to him was so excited to see him I
said I'm a chief I'm a senior chief and
he goes everything I've ever learned in
the Navy I learned from a chief and when
I was at the survival school in Coronado
I had read his original pink copy
classified debrief of what happened to
John McCain and Hanoi Hilton that man
was treated horribly he was tortured
mercilessly Admiral Stockdale would come
into the school just wander in and he
would talk about how John McCain was
thrown into Calcutta the little hole
that they put in there and that actually
John McCain relieved
Admiral Stockdale from that hole and he
they called those people Tigers because
they would go in there and they would
hold uphold the honor in the in these
horrible conditions of captivity he
survived the Forrestal fire anyone in
the Navy knows about the Forrestal fire
the single largest mass conflagration
big even bigger than some in World War
two which sank ship John McCain was
literally in the middle of that
explosion as airplanes was flashing
around him this man is a giant not just
in the US Navy
thank God he will be buried next in near
John Paul Jones I'll tell you I'll tell
you something else if you were to ask
him he said he would say he failed he
had failed and he failed because all the
way everybody says that I'm gonna resist
I'm gonna keep resisting and they're not
gonna get anything from me but name rank
service number date of birth yeah in the
end he was broken and he was broken
because everybody breaks at whatever and
everybody Malcolm knows and I knew who
were part of that general Boyd and Jim
Stockdale and everybody else who was
taught bud day Leo foresters all said
that John McCain was the bravest guy
they ever met notwithstanding that
genomic Cain had extremely high
standards for his own deportment yeah
and and thought that he had failed but
he hadn't figured it wasn't about
breaking it was about honor and this is
what we're missing today this is why
we're all sad a legacy of American honor
has just born and we're now in a period
where we're devoid of Honor someone has
to stand up others have to stand up to
take this nation's honor back and John
McCain is gone and now you have a role
model for that I can't think of two
better people to unpack John McCain's
military legacy than my two friends II
know we feel very strongly about him and
what he left behind
absolutely and that comes through thank
you both Colonel Jack Jacobs Malcolm
Nance thank you both god bless you both
thank you and more named after the great
hey thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down
err four more am joy and the rest of
MSNBC and click on any of the videos
right here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
