we didn't want to be remembered for
he served this country that's what I'd
like to see he served this country
hopefully with the word honorably
honored
that's all good morning and welcome to
am joy well Senator John McCain is being
remembered remembered across the
political spectrum this morning for his
service to the country whether on the
battlefield as a poww and Senator passed
away yesterday at the age of 81 his wife
Cindy McCain tweeted my heart is broken
I'm so lucky to have lived the adventure
of loving this incredible man for 38
years he passed the way he lived on his
own terms
surrounded by the people he loved in the
place he loved best President Barack
Obama who fought a tough campaign with
John McCain in the 2008 election and
will reportedly joined another McCain
opponent former president george w bush
in speaking at his funeral said this
quote all of us can aspire to the
courage to put the greater good
above our own at John's best he showed
us what that means and for that we are
all in his debt NBC's Kelly O'Donnell
has more on senator McCain's
extraordinary life and legacy a spirited
young aviator the fierce campaigner we
face many dangerous threats in this
dangerous world but I'm not afraid of
them I'm prepared for them an irascible
statesman
through it all John McCain carried
himself as a joyful warrior I've enjoyed
it every single day of it the good ones
and the not so good ones I've been
inspired by the service of better
Patriots than me patriotism rooted in
family his father and grandfather both
Admirals passed down his name and his
Navy career more than fifty years ago on
his 23rd mission over Vietnam enemy fire
downed his plane a prisoner of war for
almost 2,000 days tortured and beaten
taken to the hospital McCain refused
early release to deny communist North
Vietnam a propaganda victory in 1973 a
celebrated welcome home courage and war
that forged his national identity I fell
in love with my country when I was a
prisoner in someone else's when McCain
remarried in 1980 wife Cindy's home
state of Arizona became his political
base elected to Congress and six terms
in the US Senate where he became known
as the maverick McCain often angered
conservatives over issues like
immigration railed against Washington's
penchant for pork barrel spending and
challenged his own party's president
george w bush to change strategy in the
iraq war
early on i came out and said this could
be not only a long struggle but a losing
run unless we changed the strategy
McCain's presidential ambition boarded
his straighttalk Express
twice in 2000 winning the New Hampshire
primary but having to wait another eight
years to become the Republican candidate
for president I tried to restore the
pride and principles of our party
trailing Barack Obama McCain rattled the
race by propelling Sarah Palin under the
ticket but history had another plan
McCain returned to the Senate and
remained a prominent voice probably I'm
proudest of being able to contribute to
the security of this country and the men
and women who serve it are you okay can
I get you any his fame to fun cameos and
comedies sorry I hope everything's okay
McCain loved to get a laugh he often
referred to himself as an imperfect
public servant facing a dire diagnosis
like brain cancer fired his independent
streak calling out a gridlock Senate
we're getting nothing done my friends
we're getting nothing done the fighter
also turned reflective I celebrate what
a guy who stood fifth from the bottom of
his class at the Naval Academy
as has been able to do I am so grateful
all right every night when I go to sleep
I am just filled with gratitude with
hard-earned scars and an enduring wit
John McCain made service to country the
cause of his life Kelly O'Donnell NBC
News Washington
joining me now is Andrea Mitchell host
of Andrea Mitchell reports on the phone
as Chris Matthews host of hardball and
presidential historian Michael Beschloss
and Andrea I'll start with you a lot of
people have been playing back this
moment the question during the 2008
presidential campaign that a lot of
people felt was sort of his finest hour
and that campaign we played for you now
I gotta ask you a question
I do not believe in I can't trust Obama
I I have read about him and he's not
he's not he's a he's an Arab he is not
no no me no ma'am no ma'am he's a he's a
he's a decent family man citizen that I
just happened to have disagreements with
on fundamental issues and that's what
this campaign is all about he's not you
know Andrew that I mean that campaign
was singularly really nasty up until
that point it was a difficult campaign
but what did that moment tell you about
John McCain well that he was not going
to play the kind of dirty politics that
were you know rising up and which have
threatened to overwhelm the Senate and
the rest of the country right now he
just would not play that game and the
fact that he took the microphone away
from that woman and at a very critical
point he could have let the you know the
rumors fester against Barack Obama not
that there's anything wrong with being
in her era but it was being used in a
derogatory sense and he picked up on
that right away and he corrected the
woman at a town meeting in public at a
very important point and it showed that
he was if he's not going to win the
presidency he was certainly going to
lose it with dignity yeah and you know
Michael Beschloss that one of the things
that reportedly McCain cited as it was
regret was that he didn't choose one of
his best friends Joe Lieberman to be his
running mate
he hasn't explicitly said anything
negative about Sarah Palin in that
regard but that he did have this sense
of wanting to have the country come
together sort of get beyond partisanship
he would use that term things larger
than yourself being important to him
that was McCain and that's part of the
one of the most important parts of his
legacy and also in 2004 John Kerry was
really serious about trying to recruit
John McCain to be his running mate on
the Democratic ticket you know that was
what he was like and that goes all the
way back to the founders I think
founders wanted members of the Senate
wanted all of us to have strong views on
issues but at the same time they wanted
us to have relationships across the
aisle and they wanted to be able to come
together at the end they would have
recognized John McCain as someone that
they wanted to see as someone in public
life they would have loved it and you
know chris matthews i have to say just
in thinking about on john mccain i just
was writing down off the top of my head
who i could remember a sort of the great
men right
it used to be that the Senate was the
place supposedly for great men before
there are even women involved in it you
think about people like Everett Dirksen
you think about the ED Brooks you think
about Lyndon Johnson before he became
president John Glenn was an astronaut
that kind of politician Teddy Kennedy
who did these sort of big deals even
with george w bush even Barry Goldwater
if you are a conservative and he was
somebody who inspired a lot of young
conservatives at his time we don't
really have that kind of a person
running for office anymore or at least
we don't have that sort of cross the
aisle reverence for a politician the way
we did is John McCain kind of one of the
last of that kind of politician well
you're right joy you're talking about so
the classic u.s. senator as portrayed in
films and novels like advising consent
people who rise above party when they
have to when they have to and who are
independent and and willing to stand out
and courageously it's what Jack Kennedy
wrote profiles encourage about people
like that and he could be irascible I
think that was Kelly O'Donnell term for
him and that's certainly right you could
be rooting for him with everything
you've got with your very soul one hour
the next hour you go oh my god what is
he doing John McCain was John McCain's
man he wasn't ours you know he wasn't
for he wasn't there for us he was there
for what he thought was right and he was
a hawk but I'll give him credit and
always happy a Hawks that served in war
are fine with me it's the ones that are
support Wars as an ideology that that I
have a problem with but he was always
you know you know when Trump and the
president made fun of him for being a
prisoner he acted like he had thrown his
arms up it's a brook or something or in
Singapore that's not what happened with
John McCain he was diving his plane
right over a noise if you go over there
you can see where he was fished out of
water by the people they beat him up he
barely survived being in the water he's
treading water and they were they try to
kill him practically he was on the
attack when he was captured and and then
brutally treated for all those years and
he was a hero yeah and you know Michael
Beschloss military heroism used to be
really
one of the if not a prerequisite for
service in politics it definitely it
used to be a great precursor to
political success you think of Dwight
David Eisenhower you think of some of
the Great's that came along politically
this is Graham
absolutely the sort of grandeur people
had that great reverence for the
military the fact that that was
disrespected about him I think was
particularly painful for a lot of people
well I think it should have been you
mean the Donald Trump said that about
him during the presidential campaign
last time absolutely and you know the
other thing is that you know maybe this
was a little bit of the reason for it
but I think John McCain would have been
otherwise dominant John McCain was in
Donald Trump's face from the first day
of this presidency speaking out candidly
frankly you know courageously when he
think the done when he thought that
Donald Trump went wrong and he thought
that he went wrong many many times all
the way up to Helsinki with that
performance when Donald Trump was at the
side of Vladimir Putin and you know if
you look through history often times the
greatest presidents have been made even
greater by criticism from leaders in
their own party and what I worry about
is that with John McCain now gone from
the ranks of Republicans in the Senate
and the house where is that kind of
reproach going to come from yeah and you
know Andrew Mitchell I can remember
people guessing that that kind of
relationship that you saw between John
McCain and Donald Trump people worried
that that might happen with George W
Bush the two of them were not friendly
that was a very tough campaign as well
in 2000 people thought he might be sort
of a scold on the outside he ended up
really working very closely with George
W Bush on a lot of things particularly
on Iraq and on strategy for Iraq but
also with Barack Obama you know after
that campaign I want to play this was
John McCain at the Al Smith dinner in
2008 so this is you know right and not
long after that painful campaign this is
what Senator McCain had to say about
Barack Obama back that take a listen I
don't want it getting out of this room
but my opponent is an impressive fellow
in many ways political opponents can
have a little trouble seeing the best in
each other but I've had a few glimpses
of this man at his
best and I admire his great skill energy
and determination it's not for nothing
that he's inspired so many folks in his
own party and beyond sinner Obama talks
about making history and he's made quite
a bit of it already there was a time
when the mere invitation of an African
American citizen to dine at the White
House was taken as an outrage and an
insult
in many quarters today he's a world away
from the cruel and prideful bigotry of
that time and good riddance
I can't wish my opponent luck but I do
wish him well you know Andrea I think
what a lot of people lament and for Miss
sort of about politics the way you know
it used to be is that as nasty as
campaigns could be even in the midst of
them and I'm correcting myself II that
was doing that was actually during the
2008 campaign just before the election
absolutely you still had people have a
fundamental respect for one another that
then carried over after the election was
over exactly and you know while john
mccain worked with george w bush on the
surge with General Petraeus and others
because he believed that that was the
best policy
he worked against the Bush White House
with Dianne Feinstein to outlaw
waterboarding and to go up against
torture and to fight what he felt was
because of his personal experience and
also the morals that he held that that
was just a terrible policy for American
uniform troops overseas as well so it
was it was in violation to everything
that he believed and you know John
McCain and John Kerry were not likely
allies they did not trust each other
John Kerry wrote a very interesting
ribbet to him that they they didn't
trust each other they didn't know each
other and then they went to Hanoi
together one who had suffered so
grievously there the other who had
fought and been wounded but also had
returned and been a protester against
the war and McCain told him that they in
captivity had heard that there was a
naval officer who threw his medals down
and his ribbons down in the
they found that so offensive but they
also came together to help Bill Clinton
normalize relations in 1995 with Vietnam
he could not have done it without the
political support of veterans of that
war that he had not he had not enlisted
in he had some said you know evaded the
draft so he worked across the aisle with
Hillary Clinton with Amy Klobuchar or
more recently he believed in
partnerships Joe Lieberman of course the
best example yeah and Chris Matthews
what do you think ultimately will be
John McCain's legacy well I think what
we've been saying is a pretty good
legacy I think that comedy made and his
testimony he gave to Barack Obama two
weeks before he lost him in the
presidential election I was that that's
Al Smith dinner and I think it was hard
for him to give that but he meant it and
it's the grandeur someone said the other
night on our network that there was
something grand about the faux something
you know it's cinematic really I mean
war hero comes back to be a senator
becomes a maverick in his own party
independent this is a character out of a
good novel this is a guy or a person who
you want to be I remember something that
we should stick list to talk about but
I'll bring it up you know back in 2000
when he ran he was the press's favorite
now to say that as a generalization is
always dangerous I can never read
Andrea's politics but somehow thinks
it's hard to read even the people you
know pretty well but I think a lot of
people rooted from as a hero and they
rooted for him not because he's a
Republican or a Democrat but because he
was he represents the the the the the
romance that we all have towards the
heroes we want to find in any field
sports anywhere we want to find a hero
we want to find somebody we can look up
to and I think he was that guy for a lot
of us who didn't fight in the Vietnam
War because we opposed a lot of cases
but we didn't feel that good about it
but guys like he did I think there was
that too and then in 2008 of course a
lot of people I was one who really was
taken with Barack Obama and I think
there was a sense on his part that he
had lost it lost his base as he used to
call the media this is always tricky to
talk about but a lot of people would
have been very high
the four done at people I know across
the board politically and in the media
it would have been very happy to see
John McCain elected president back in
2000 that's for sure back then he was
when we went down to Clemson with him
during that horrendous South Carolina
primary when they accused him of
fathering an illegitimate daughter that
his adopted City and his adopted
daughter from South Asia and they said
to all those I was just a mixed-race
daughter of his through images relations
nor blah blah blah and he took up with
that and they attacked Sydney for drug
problems the prytt was a vicious
campaign and yet you know he came
through it and I think a lot of John
McCain's life was just trying to bring
down to suppress or repress a lot of
reason for bitterness either politically
or because what happened in the war and
I think a lot of his life was just
trying to make himself a better man he
kept trying to improve on himself it was
a self-made project and I think it
wasn't easy to be John McCain and yet
here we are talking about in the top of
the fold of the Boston Globe today is
Robert McFadden sneered Times piece
right across the top that's read belongs
yeah I can't think of three better
people to talk to about this and I can't
think of unfortunately too many other
men other men of the Senate that we
would be having this kind of a grand
conversation about and John McCain
certainly deserves that Andrea Mitchell
Chris Matthews Michael Beschloss is
going to join me later in our hour thank
you all very much
or didn't you know thank you and up next
one of Senator McCain's friends from
across the aisle senator Amy Klobuchar
joins me live
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
