out of Florida out of the Panhandle
there the sheriff's office confirming a
mass shooting has taken place at the
Jacksonville Landing that's a space on
the st. Johns River in Jacksonville
police are urging members of the public
there to stay away from the area we have
reports the shooting occurred at a game
bar during a videogame tournament that
information however remains unconfirmed
by NBC News have a sheriff's tweet here
from the Sheriff's Department in
Jacksonville mass shooting at the
Jacksonville Landing the Sheriff's
Office right to stay away from the area
the area is not safe at this time
stay away joining me now is retired ATF
Special Agent in Charge and MSNBC
contributor Jim Cavanaugh Jim I just
want to get your reaction to this at
first as I said here Jacksonville
Landing sounds like a sort of mall like
space on the st. Johns River in in
Jacksonville your council at this point
seeing what we've seen just to bear
strokes of what happened here your
reaction yeah real fast police response
you know this is right in downtown
Jacksonville this is the main
entertainment venue outside in
Jacksonville the sheriff's office in
Jacksonville is the city police they
incorporated the city in the county
police many years ago back when I was a
Florida officer so the county in the
city is the same force its run by the
sheriff and they're all there in force
it's it's a big big force hopefully
they've located that and stopped the
killing that's that's the main objective
of the first responding officers and
then of course immediately to treat the
wounded get them to trauma centers
