NBC's Kelly O'Donnell is in Phoenix
Arizona at the state capitol so Kelly
with a welcome to you I'd like to know
what's happening where you are and
you're welcome to reflect on your many
years of covering John McCain as well
well good to be with you Alex we have
made the move just as Senator McCain and
his family did from Sedona to Phoenix
where the city that is the state's
capital and has been a home for the
McCain family as well will honor him
over the next few days we are here at
the Capitol where behind us you can see
there's some work being done which we
might presume is in advance of the
nation looking in on Phoenix for the
opportunity for John McCain to be
remembered by constituents and Arizona
officials and the local community he
will lie in state here at the State
Capitol and so they're doing some work
on the exterior here perhaps in
preparation for that as you pointed out
he will also lie in state at the US
Capitol as a part of what will be a
multi-day multi City farewell for the
sixth term senator the governor of
Arizona who has been a personal friend
of the McCain's and has visited John and
Cindy McCain at their Sedona Ranch in
recent months has made it pretty clear
today that this is a time for people to
reflect on the life and the service of
John McCain and to not jump ahead to the
politics of what comes next it will be
the governor's responsibility to appoint
a successor to John McCain there is also
of course the politics of the vacated
seat of Jeff Flake who will be retiring
from the Senate so Arizona was already
in the midst of heated summertime
politics for the primary and going
forward but when that appointment is
made it will be a Republican under the
law in Arizona and that person will
serve until 2020 the next presidential
election not the full remaining term of
the six years that John McCain would
have completed had his health permitted
but that takes you to the next piece but
right now it's still so fresh so new for
so many here in Arizona who despite the
fact we knew this was a grave illness
that had really a certain outcome no one
has been able to survive this
glioblastoma form
brain cancer for 13 months his illness
was public he was diagnosed some time
prior to that and his family has made
this move now to Phoenix there is work
going on with his staff and team to
prepare the public things that will come
announcements are expected to be made in
the next day or so about a plan for a
church service here in Phoenix at his
church the State Capitol events as we
explained and then ultimately he will
have his final resting place at the
place where his public service began at
the u.s. Naval Academy in Annapolis
Maryland he will go back to that place
it was his choice and he will be
remembered there forever among the Navy
men and pilots and sailors that will be
his final resting place so the days of
events are just beginning now after the
sort of the sadness and shock of
learning up his passing now for those on
his team are preparing for how the
public can be involved both here in his
home community and much more broadly to
say farewell and to pay their respects
Alex so many people across this nation
want to do that so thank you very much
for the update on all those logistics
Kelly O'Donnell in Phoenix
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
