I have people coming to me some people
in Congress sir
can you get this deal done immediately
it doesn't work that way I don't want to
go too fast the deals not gonna be the
good if we do that we got to take time
scutage s take write the word just it's
like when you're cooking the chicken
turkey for Thanksgiving my mother would
say oh wait hours touch that eight hours
she made the greatest turkey I've ever
had
takes time welcome back to am joy well
the word is definitely not just ate at
the end of a very bad week for Donald
Trump one can't help an ass is he
unraveling my next guest to his known
Trump for some 15 years has said when
watching the president in the White
House quote his mental decline could not
be denied and joining me now is Omarosa
Manigault Newman former White House aide
an author of unhinged an insider's
account of the Trump White House which
is currently sitting at number one on
the New York Times bestseller list
congratulations on that and good morning
Omarosa good morning Joey welcome back
from vacation thank you very much yes a
lot happened while I was gone okay so
you just saw that clip of Donald Trump
speaking at an event where he's talking
about gestating turkeys when you see
that do you still see the person that
you met 15 years ago or as I mean you've
written in in the book and I read it in
a fast 24 hours do you see a man in
mental decline I see a person who you
know conned his way into the White House
and is trying to use his limited
intellect to try to kind of fool people
but when you see him give speeches like
that then you know firsthand why I
titled this book called unhinged because
he truly is unraveling he's showing
signs of decline instability impulsivity
and he has a struggle with the truth as
we saw so very clearly this week joy you
talk in the book about him being
isolated about him being lonely in the
White House you talk about him having
about a ninth grade reading level you
don't really go into detail about the
things about him that are sort of
falling apart
were those things true when you met him
you know you talk about your own history
coming up in the Westlake project coming
from Ohio you go through to HBCUs you
work for the Clinton administration you
try out for the apprentice and part of
what you did in your audition process to
land that gig was to study Donald Trump
to study everything about him to try to
essentially become him a sort of a
female version of him as you really
looked looked into who he was is that
what you saw a person who is not
intelligent a person who's not
articulate a person who's sort of out
there and odd joy when I met Donald
Trump back in 2003 I remember the first
moment I walked into the boardroom and
he came out he was so sharp I would even
say I thought he was brilliant the
reason why I want to go on the
apprentice because I wanted to win and
to lead one of his companies and what he
did during the apprentice was nothing
short of just a huge success 28 million
people watched us and he was an
incredible entertainer unfortunately as
the years have gone on Donald Trump has
not in any way expanded his capability
in fact what we've seen is this huge
decline in his ability to process
difficult information one of the
shocking things in the first year the
White House is that he didn't read any
of the legislation he never read any of
the executive orders and even the basic
notes that I outlined for him for
listening sessions or tours our meetings
he struggled with and it's kind of
concerning as to whether or not he is
still fit to carry out his duties of
this office a lot of people have you
know I'm sure I've talked to you
personally about it in interviews that
you've done have talked about sort of
your perception of Donald Trump now
being racist but going back to when you
first met him whether that perception
was what would out a quote from your
book you said as I thought at the time
your perception of him he's racial and
that he uses race and race relations to
manipulate people and this was at the
time in 2015 you also you were around
you weren't Obama supporter you were a
supporter of President Obama you also
talk in the book about him hating Barack
Obama that's going back 207 2007-2008 he
hated him that he thought of him as a
phony and that he complained about him
that he was a birther did those things
at the time make you think wait this
guy's not just
he might be racist thank you so much for
asking the questions I think it's
important I don't want to really get
into an academic discussion which was
what I was having when we were talking
in 2015 about the difference but I can
give you a very clear example of races
versus ratio when Donald Trump started
attacking NFL players about kneeling he
only attacked African American athletes
and it wasn't him calling out and saying
he was racist but he was being racial he
was trying to stir up his base by using
an issue that he knew that his base
would gravitate to to see him attack
wealthy prominent african-american men
wasn't necessarily saying they were race
it that he's being racist but he was
being racial because he is he's intent
on starting a race war that's what I
believe and you when you talk about his
attitude toward President Obama you you
said that you perceived that the reason
he disliked President Obama and was so
fixated on was because of almost black
did you perceive that at the time you
know 708 I Oh 708 no but the moment the
moment that we got into the White House
and they compiled this list of all of
Obama's greatest accomplishments and he
and Steve Millen and Steve Bannon sought
out to dismantle everything that
President Obama accomplished even if it
meant it would be harmful to this
country and harm most harmful to the
commitments that he made on the campaign
trail it did not matter if it was one of
the major things that President Obama
accomplished Donald Trump wanted to
dismantle it for example the Affordable
Care Act I mean he doesn't care if
Americans have health care because if
it's called Obamacare he wants to
destroy it whether it's good or bad for
this country and I think that that's
very dangerous joy yeah I want to play
for you a little clip from a precedent
you do write about in the book that you
said was was hurtful to you when you saw
it at the time this is during the
campaign was April of 2016 these are six
of your fellow former apprentice
contestants including friend of the show
terror doubt Dale Randall Pinkett Kwame
Jackson speaking out against Trump's
candidacy and they came out they said
flat-out Donald Trump is racist and you
write at the time when you watch that I
flashed back you say you write to the
taping in season 1 of The Apprentice and
rumors I had heard ever since of Trump
describing Kwame as uppity you also
write in the book that it when you were
fired you believed it was because of
your novel
of a tape of Donald Trump using the
n-word potentially about Kwame Jackson
during the campaign when your fellow
cast members are out there saying this
man is a racist you as somebody who knew
him probably better than they did you
said you spent time in the border my
purpose you got yourself in there to get
to know him better how did you not come
to that same conclusion
you know I hindsight is twenty-twenty
joy and certainly I wish I could have
seen what they saw and I write about how
painful it was to watch them say those
things because I hadn't come to that
realization I had this blind spot for
him but I can tell you that watching
them talk and I have such respect for
Randall Pinkett who actually served as
the first African American Apprentice
and he started talking about things that
I didn't know was going on in the Trump
Organization the culture of deceit lies
backstabbing that sort of thinks these
are the things that I did not know but
Randle shared it was really hard to
watch that but I think in unhinge you
see that it just slowly evolves this
realization that Donald Trump is not the
person that he said he was yeah I want
to come to some of the other stuff
that's in the book because there's some
wow moments in the book that I haven't
heard anyone talk about yet maybe miss
since I've been it when I was in England
maybe you guys did talk about it you had
a conversation with Steve ban and when
people talk about the racism of this
White House I've been bringing white
nationalism in door Steve ban is usually
the first name that most the most people
think about you asked him if he was
racist you write I asked ban and if the
rumors of his being racist were true he
said no he explained quote the same way
you are a proud african-american woman I
am a proud white man what's the
difference between my pride and your
pride what did you think when you heard
that well I have to tell you Steve Banta
was always straightforward about who he
is
where he stood he was unapologetic and I
I wanted to understand what his
perspectives where they came from where
they birthed this type of kind of hate
and this alignment eisah premise and he
explained very clearly that he was a
proud white man and you know I tried to
push back but if you've ever said I
don't know if you have but I've had a
chance to sit down and actually talk to
him and it's actually scary in some ways
it's for him to not see how harmful the
alignment with white supremacy and the
alt-right the harm it's doing to this
nation of there
abric of who we are and what were built
on were you uncomfortable serving in an
administration with Steve Bannon people
like Steven Miller who has an
association at least according to
Richard Spencer with Richard Spencer
that kind of thing
Joey I've worked in corporate America
for 20 years I've worked with people who
are closeted races openly races I'm a
black woman in America yeah the truth of
the matter is you're going to encounter
people who have very very hateful views
and I have learned as most African
American professionals have learned to
navigate a sea that it's not always kind
to African Americans but you still have
to someway find a way to thrive and
persevere sure another story that you
tell in the book is about Meredith
McIver who for a while people were sure
there was a mirror that Meredith a guy
McIver I don't if you remember that when
she essentially took the fall took the
blame for Melania Trump plagiarizing
Michelle Obama's speech at the
Republican convention you write they
chose McIver as the sacrificial lamb but
they needed to keep her under control so
she was not fired if they had fired her
she would have been free to tell the
world any number of Trump world secrets
before you before you sort of expand on
what you think they'll secrets might
have been you also talk to talk about
her being a woman of color which I don't
think anybody knew yeah first of all
she's brilliant she's a brilliant writer
she helped her write most of maybe two
or three Donald Trump's books and I was
very surprised when they said that she
was the reason that Melania speech
looked so much like Michelle Obama
because I know how incredibly smart she
is and that's not something that she
would have done and which is why it was
important for me to tell the truth about
the fact that she had to fall on a sword
she wanted to resign but they wouldn't
let her because as you saw with this
kind of offer I got from Laura Trump to
maintain to stay in the Trump world they
want to control you they want to silence
you they want to buy you off and not to
say that that's what she did she stayed
in the organization but I can attest
that she's a brilliant woman that would
have never just taken a whole paragraph
and plagiarized it and put it in Melania
speech knowing her do you think that she
would do as David pecker and some others
have done and go to Robert Muller and
agreed to talk about what she knows
about the Trump Organization I would
just say to DES is to protect yourself
protect yourself as you can see with
Allen and the other people and David who
is my former boss at ami they're all
protecting themselves they're going and
they're going to tell their story but
they're not gonna have to face any kind
of criminal charges with that immunity
if she has an opportunity to protect
herself I would say it's important for
her to do so you talk about David Peck
from a my he became your boss after you
yourself had an encounter with the
National Enquirer burr with a reporter
attending secretly the funeral of your
brother I believe and then them going to
publish a story about you but Donald
Trump intervening getting them to pull
the story and offer you a job so you've
been on they actually ran this story
jewelry in the story about my brother's
murder and they sent this reporter who
pretended to be a mourner and came to
the funeral and she took little clips
from my eulogy for my brother and wrote
it in a story as if she interviewed me
and then how did that stor how did you
wind up going from that to working for
David pecker yeah that's one of the
things I talk about an unhinged is the
Donald Trump calls me here's my friend
my mentor somebody I respect they call
you so I understand that you're going to
sue the National Enquirer what you don't
know is that the National Enquirer is
owned by my good friend David pecker and
surely there's something that we can do
instead of you spending thousands and
thousands of dollars on lawyers and
taking him to court surely we can find a
better resolution now you know as you
see in the book I had tremendous amount
of respect for Donald I did not know
David pecker was his good friend nor did
I know this practice of catching and
kill these stories or in this case try
to put down a lawsuit and so after the
negotiation as you'll see an unhinged
yes I ended up becoming the West Coast
editor of OK Magazine in reality weekly
and working for David pecker for two
whole years and that's a whole separate
book joy yeah I could write about
working for David pecker and
publications like The Enquirer and Star
magazine I'm sure and you talk about
befriending David Cohen early on before
the campaign were you soprano : Michael
Cohen sorry Michael : yeah were you
surprised when he turned on Donald Trump
first of all I adore Michael Cohen I've
never hit that I think you see that how
much I adore him in the book and I am
sad to see him going through weed he's
going through
I adore his wife his daughter was my
intern at the White House she's
and I am really really sat and moreover
to see Donald Trump kick Michael : while
he's down while praising Paul Manafort
I mean Michael Cohen did everything he
was asked to do he was directed to make
those payments by the president United
States he was completely loyal he was a
loyal soldier carrying out all of the
things that he was instructed to do by
Donald Trump who was too general and do
you think that he has evidence that
would be material to the Russia gate
portion of the Malheur gate
investigation he has that and much more
Michael Cohen know all about all of
Donald Trump's dirty secrets all his
dirty deals all of his corruption and
I'm glad that Michael Cohen is going to
actually participate and cooperate with
these investigations because the
American people have a right to know
what's going on who truly they elected
to be president United States you know
other players in the Donald Trump
universe that you do write about in the
book who else do you think might come
forward you know Keith Schiller who was
Donald Trump's longtime bodyguard do you
think that he is somebody that might
come forward are there others that each
one of the Chiefs signed one of those
agreements that they offered me I
believe he's being paid $15,000 a month
when you sign on you sign this
incredible NDA that does not allow you
to talk or share those stories and so
essentially he's been silenced I don't
know what he can and can't do under that
agreement but I all I know is he did
enter an agreement that does not allow
him to talk in any negative way about
Donald Trump and you saved in the book
that you were made uncomfortable by Paul
Manafort when he came on to the campaign
why
well Paul Manafort was always looking
out for himself he never talked about
how this could advance the campaign he
always tried to position as to how
different decisions and policy could
help to advance him and Rick Gates and
even when I talked to him about issues
that were concerning today African
community he was very dismissive because
he didn't see the end game for him
I want to come back to you I know
somebody who knows you who's known you
for a long time who wouldn't they found
out that I was gonna be talking to you
ahead of things that they wanted to know
I'm just you know having known you back
in the day when you were Clinton I'm not
gonna tell you
and one of the questions like these tell
me who it is what are the questions that
they had lots of people have asked me
questions that oh please I asked Omarosa
this and a lot of them revolve around
things like the Central Park five you
study Donald Trump you studied who he
was you were very honest in the book
about seeing his misogyny about watching
him on the set be very vulgar toward
women about him being creepy toward his
daughter and so you didn't know the
negatives at the time as well as the
positives on race you even talked about
its a certain point during the campaign
talking him about the Central Park five
trying to convince him that these young
men were not guilty what was his
response when you tried to explain to
him that the Central Park five were
actually not guilty it's interesting
Donald Trump tried to give me a history
lesson about the Central Park five and
he said they admitted guilt they
admitted that they carried out these
acts you weren't there Omarosa they
actually pleaded guilty and said that
they did these acts and he explained
that they didn't come
you know the truth didn't come forward
four years later and he felt that he was
being judged by information he had at
that time based on them being exonerated
years later when he explained that to me
you know I gave him the benefit of the
doubt that there was a time difference
but what he's continued to do now that
he knows the truth now that there is DNA
evidence now that they have completely
been exonerated and he still continues
to hold on towards the hate and
animosity he has against these gentlemen
it's just it's unacceptable and it shows
you how illogical he is and how married
to his hate he is and a lot of people I
think I've wanted to know sort of what
was going on in your mind as you're
watching things like Donald Trump
retweeting Nazis during the campaign
David Duke coming out with this sort of
full-throated support the so-called
alt-right glomming onto him as an
african-american woman you're sort of
the person who's being called upon to
answer for this to explain this to you
and I talked about in the book look how
important it was to be that
african-american that took him to task
on every single one of these things sure
I could have quit in protest but then
there would be a void of a voice and
someone to advocate for us right now joy
in the White House there is no
african-american representation there
are no african-american senior staffers
there are no african-american assistants
of the President and so they're making
decisions about us without us now people
can agree or disagree whether or not
there should be representation I happen
to believe there
be it shouldn't be me because I'm out
but I'll tell you that we still need
african-american leadership
african-american civil rights leaders to
go and fight for the things that are
important for advancing our community
that hasn't changed for me we still need
a voice one of the things that is
stirring in the book is you write about
what what really was it for you that you
write about Charlottesville really being
a turning point in terms of your
perception of Donald Trump in terms of
you as you said sort of the cult kind of
thing wearing off and sort of waking up
but at that point that was the summer of
2017 you didn't resign in fact no one
resigned in protest over Charlottesville
do you now look back and wish that you
had you have a flair for the dramatic as
Donald Trump does you learned from the
best
had you resigned as the only
african-american woman staffer in the
White House as the senior most
african-american in the White House
other than ben Carson if you would
resign it would have been a tidal wave
why didn't you resign yeah the reason I
didn't resign is because there were a
hundred students 100 representatives
from historically black colleges and
universities they're called HBCU
Allstars and I had been preparing this
conference that was going to happen in
September the White House Conference on
historically black colleges and
universities and I called an Armstrong
Williams and I said I'm gonna quit this
is it I'm done and he said you know you
can't let those students down you've
been working you can't just leave in
protest you have to find someone to take
your place you have to find a way to
make sure these initiatives are carried
out just like Gary Cohen who stayed on
after Charlottesville for months and
months because he had financial issues
on the table there were issues that were
important to me that I couldn't just
throw up my hands I'm sure I could have
left in protest and yet those students
would have never had the experience of a
lifetime to come to Washington to see
how government works firsthand I would
have had an opportunity to to go to the
UN I wouldn't have an opportunity to
continue to work on issues of Haiti
affect all of these things that were
important to not just throw up my hands
and leave but I certainly knew that
January 20th of 2018 would be my kicker
the end of my time in the White House
unfortunately as you see in the book
general Kelly decided that the Situation
Room would be a better way to end my
time in the White House locking me there
and making threats saying things will
get ugly for me and there would be
damage to my wreck
mutation yeah and so you know that's all
in unhinge I think it's important for
people to read the entire story and not
just take little slivers of it because
this is my life story and this is a true
journey of how I overcame so many
obstacles to get where I am today know
it is a full sir I mean effort for those
who have not read the book yet and is
the bestseller so a lot of people have
already read it but yeah you do go
through your entire life story you talk
about John Kelly you open with the
firing with being pulled into the
Situation Room in order for John Kelly
to fire you and you write a lot about
him do you think John Kelly's racist oh
yeah I mean John Kelly thought the Civil
War was about compromise it wasn't about
compromise General John Kelly it was
about slavery you you also write that
John Kelly never met with you that he
never had any time of day for you but
you also write that you believed at the
time that he was firing you that it was
because somehow he knew that you knew
that there was an n-word tape from act
from Donald Trump's apprentice days how
would he know that if he didn't even
interact because there's a whole email
chain you're the first one to ask me
that joy and I'm so glad you asked
because as I've stated everything that's
in my book can be corroborated it's
documented and verified on that day the
first email I sent that morning was to
hope Hicks and hope Hicks has I mean the
email will become public because their
government emails I sent an email to
hope explaining to her I was concerned
about the chatter I was hearing that
someone was about to release this tape
hope responds to me and she says we've
already contained this or we already
dealt with this which I thought was
interesting and because of that exchange
that happened in the morning at 10:00
a.m. by five o'clock I got an email from
John Kelly assistant saying that he
wanted to meet with me in the Situation
Room it's hard to ignore the coincidence
that I had that exchange in the morning
and by the afternoon he was or the
evening he was locking me in the
Situation Room making threats very
interesting I definitely would love to
read on that yes tons of emails about
that and the White House knows this hope
Hicks knows that and I'm sure John Kelly
knows that I have to ask you this
question because you do mention having
the emails you've released some tapes
you've got some video and some audio
tapes when you went into the White House
when you took that job did you have the
intention of ultimately writing a book
is that why you kept so many recordings
and made so many recordings no my
intention was to serve my country when I
took my oath to the Constitution to this
country
took it very seriously this is my second
tour of duty working the White House I
know the importance of working and
serving for your country and trying to
help improve the lives of African
Americans throughout our community and
so I took my job very seriously I am an
author this is my third book so
certainly this is what I do I'd like to
write about my experiences but my
intention was to serve my country and to
do it honorably but you you definitely
were recording the whole time and were
you doing it with attention writing a
book I mean there was an issue with
April Ryan who was a friend of yours for
a long time that you said was recorded
so where you responded you mention her
because it's funny you mention her
because you know no one has really even
acknowledged the fact that the story
that she manufactured in December has
been debunked I mean I think it's pretty
sad it has I mean I have a tape of the
beginning from the moment I went into
the Situation Room to the end that that
happened in the in a different space I
don't want to spend time on her it's it
colossal waste of time what I will say
to you is that I wanted to tell people
and give them an opportunity to see for
themselves what's happening in the White
House they're taxpayers
your taxpayer dollars go towards funding
our salary and making sure that this
country has run well you have a right to
pull the curtain back and see what
happens in the Oval Office what happens
in the Cabinet Room what happens on Air
Force One that's why I wrote this book
because people need to know about what's
happening in a Trump White House and I'm
so glad that they're responding well
obviously it's at the top of the list
the New York Times bestsellers list I'm
glad that people are giving me their
feedback and joy I'm so glad that I had
a chance to sit down and talk with you
now I've got a run to go give us yeah
absolutely
I know I'm glad that we had a chance to
chat after your face yeah let this is
our limo is my last question because
this is the most a question that I get
about you and the same person that I
spoke to send me the Sammy Davis jr.
article and it taught from the Chicago
Tribune and it says maybe Omarosa
deserves a second chance
like we gave Sammy Davis jr. as you'll
recall Sammy Davis jr. it says here lost
his black card when he endorsed Richard
Nixon's re-election in 1972 and hugged
him at the GOP convention he earned it
back years later after acknowledging his
mistakes supporting a president that
African Americans despised and
renouncing Nixon for reneging on
promises he made
guarding civil rights and respectfully I
ask you this sister because everybody
that I talk to wants me to ask you is
part of your purpose writing this book
to quote get the proverbial black card
back as a way of saying to the
african-american community I want to
come back I want to I want to be back on
your side first of all I've never left
I'm a woman who grew up in extreme
poverty and in the West Lake projects I
have stab wounds I have survived the
worst type of extra atrocities you could
see and moreover I made very clear
decisions about how to educate myself at
HBCUs
I continue to work in an
african-american community and a black
church so that assertion that you can be
stripped of your blackness I am an
african-american woman that walks around
very proudly you can't strip me of what
I've been through of what I've
experienced and moreover I can't take
this offer put it on but I will tell you
this God is the author and finisher of
my faith he writes my life story he
determines my destiny and I don't get
into a trivial debate about whether or
not someone accepts me or not because
the only one I'm concerned about
accepting me is that our Lord and Savior
Jesus Christ and when he says well done
my good and faithful servant then I will
be pleased that's the only person joy
I'm concerned about pleasing and that's
what I work towards every single day
which is why I'm running to go to a
woman in ministry conference right now
Newman reminding folks that she got a
theological degree and as a minister as
well thank you so much Omarosa good to
talk to you thanks Joey have a great day
all right well two of Omarosa fellow
contestants on the apprentice have been
watching this interview we're gonna get
their reaction next
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
