I guess the big question is where are we
right now because if it wasn't for
Cavanaugh and the same surge that
happened we'd be calling it natural
tightening and and we'd be saying well
you know look it's all about nobody said
they were gonna win all these races
fifty five forty five but because of
Cavanaugh and and it was allowed to
tightening we now think who said
something else what say you I think two
things have happened in the past month
Chuck the first is that we've seen the
house map polarize we're seeing
Republicans come home in red districts
most cases not all cases we're seeing
these blue Clinton districts where
Republicans are in white collar suburbs
continuing to to perform robustly and
district level polls for Democrats
so that polarization of the House map I
don't think it's lower Democrat ceiling
or floor necessarily but it perhaps has
lowered the ceiling a bit and the second
thing that's that's happened is we've
seen this Green Wave of Democratic cash
where these Democrats are just raising
stunning sums of money even in districts
that we're considering likely or safe
for the Republicans so I think that has
the potential to produce some some late
momentum for Democrats perhaps some
surprises but right now I'm in the 25 to
35 seat range could that mean all this
extra money that's out there does that
mean a whole bunch of races that are
normally 70/30 end up 55 45 but the
Republicans still holds it but the
national number you think oh my god but
but but it would certainly have an
impact on what the national vote looked
like yeah there's a lot of bouncing
around in the polls nationally but the
district level fundamentals to look good
for Democrats right and a lot of these
these bellwether suburbs Trump's numbers
continue to to really be a drag on on
Republicans the number of open seats
huge problem for Republicans we're
seeing open seats and places like like
Florida Lakeland Florida today we're
looking at two new polls that suggest a
race that Republicans didn't really care
much about a month ago is now tied which
one is this Dennis Ross is rusty the
Democrat Kristen Carlson the Republican
Ross Spano
they haven't been the focus of a lot of
national fundraising drives it's kind of
flown under the radar suddenly this race
is a toss-up so we're seeing some races
that are coming on
the board for Democrats late and it
suggests that they're still clear
favorites your house control is it are
we looking at just two midterms meaning
there is a midterm in the suburbs that
is a wave and there is a midterm in the
other part of America that is simply
acting more like a more like a typical
midterm for the Republicans the way I've
thought about this is pretty much
anywhere within a twenty minute drive of
a Whole Foods Market is a place that
Democrats are doing pretty well this
year and places that are more rural I
have higher shares of Latino voters or
places where Democrats are struggling as
they have in every midterm in the past
decade to turn out votes which is part
of the reason why that's a Roark might
fall short in Texas but he still might
carry a few Democrats over the finish
line in districts in Houston and Dallas
because he's doing well in the white
voter suburbs but places where you need
a biggest manager now this Hispanic
issue I heard a lot about it in Arizona
this is a this is something that's the
big it's the big thing that's nervous or
started I had the Democratic
gubernatorial nominee there said yeah
Latinos that they're they're not
motivated per se because it's always
been defend defend defend and and and
they feel under siege how much our House
Democrats nervous about this Latino
issue well it is a problem for Democrats
in a select few districts there are five
Republicans who are in majority
non-white districts who are vulnerable
and the reason Democrats haven't put
those seats away is that we're simply
not seeing the same energy level the
intensity level among Latinos and and
Asian voters in some places as we are
among upscale whites who have soured on
Trump particularly women now you know
urban and suburban districts are
performing really well for Democrats but
this is such a different map in the
house than it is in in the Senate and in
the Senate part of the reason why
Democrats haven't put states like
Arizona and Nevada
away is that low Latino intensity assess
the decisions that have been made about
triaging versus walking away versus
doubling down our Democrats taking
anything for granted our Republicans is
giving up on
seats that they shouldn't be giving up
on yet what what are you seeing what
decisions are they making that your has
you scratching your head well
Republicans know that they have to
sacrifice some seats to save others at
this point and so we're seeing some
districts that you know voted for Mitt
Romney in in 2012 and voted for Hillary
Clinton in 2016 that Republicans are now
considering cutting so the suburbs of
Kansas City Kevin Yoder
is is trailing Charisse David's who's an
openly gay attorney MMA fighter Native
American running in in Johnson County
Kansas
that's a surprise to me I wouldn't have
guessed that would happen a couple
months ago Eric Paulsen in Minnesota are
walking away it's not that they're doing
well but the Republicans are saying yeah
we can't win right and yet you know we
haven't necessarily seen Republicans
pull the plug on on people like Mimi
Walters in California yet or you don't
get or entirely you're just sitting on
bait they probably should well and keep
in mind that Republicans have to
preserve some kind of path to hold their
losses under 23 seats so they have to
pick and choose their battles even in
places where they might be down a point
or two
what about the Democrats anything that
they're stretching too much for and they
should be no go back and concentrate on
Iowa one or go back and concentrate in
Iowa three yeah they're looking at a
couple districts that they thought they
might have had in the bag but but maybe
don't Florida 27 is an example of that
where Donna shillelaghs bid to become
the second oldest freshman in
congressional history and and she's a
non Spanish speaker in a district that's
76 percent Hispanic that means Democrats
haven't yet locked that seat down Iowa's
first District where rod Blum was
trailing ABI think an hour a democratic
twenty eight-year-old state legislator
by 15 points last month that's a
district that may have gotten a little
bit closer in the wake of Brett
Kavanaugh so we are seeing these
districts that Trump won
you know Republicans closing the
enthusiasm gap but I think it's meant
kind of a narrowing of the of the house
playing field every Wasserman 18 days
thank you
interesting thank you sir you see you a
lot over the next 18 days hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press'
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
