there's good reason why it's being
called the worst week yet for president
Trump let's remember just for a moment
that on Monday we had just learned White
House Counsel Don Magan had been talking
to the Muller team for more than 30
hours of interviews Tuesday Trump's
campaign chairman Paul Manafort found
guilty 8 of 18 criminal charges within
that same hour Trump's former lawyer
Michael Cohen pleading guilty to charges
including what he said were hush money
payments made at the president's
direction on Wednesday Trump insisted he
found out about the hush money payment
letter on but the problem with that is
AP reporter Catherine Lucy asked Trump
about the payment back in April while
cameras were rolling in the back of Air
Force One and we got to hear her
question and more importantly his answer
you'll have to ask Michael Cohen
yesterday word that longtime Trump
friend and National Enquirer publisher
David pecker have been granted immunity
for information about Michael Cohen we
also learned the Manhattan DA's office
is considering pursuing criminal charges
against the Trump Organization in
connection with the hush money payments
and then today we learned the Trump
organizations CFO was granted immunity
as well and the new Time magazine cover
illustrates Trump is in deep as they put
it here to talk about all of it the
aforementioned Katherine Lucy White
House reporter for The Associated Press
Phil Elliott White House politics
correspondent rather for Time magazine
and Brian Bennett senior White House
correspondent also with Time magazine
Katherine there was your exchange I feel
bad for those listening to us on XM
satellite radio because it with the help
of the wording on the screen you can
hear him say no he gives that simple
answer at first remind us how that
answer migrated just over the course of
this week yeah he said no that's right
that was back in April and and since
then we've had a series of shifting
explanations including this week when
the president I believe he said in his
interviews Fox and Friends he knew about
it later so we have we have continued to
see the president and the people around
him so changed their stories about these
payments and and that's a that's really
really what a lot of this week where
there was a whole series of difficult
events the president a lot of what this
week has been about with this plea
agreement with Michael Cohen where he
clearly implicates
the president yes saying that they
coordinated to make these these payments
to these women that and the president
still has not provided a full
explanation so Philip how thrown does
this leave his White House staff the
White House staff has had a very bad
week I was talking with one official
earlier today who said it's not that
they can't even fare out which way they
need to be rowing the boat
that can't even come to a consensus on
what ocean they're in in the first place
there is absolutely no understanding of
what facts are the basis of what is
happening there they ask one person to
get one answer they ask another person
to get another the president is seen as
an unreliable person to answer questions
about his own political fate and at the
same time they're looking at the Justice
Department a half way between the US
Capitol and the White House accepting
CLE deals from people inside the
president's inner circle getting
convictions of people who are his close
associates and offering immunity to
people who have a potentially have a lot
of information on the president the
president's personal business dealings
and the president's family quite frankly
all of that makes things very volatile
at the White House and is really
spooking Republicans around town as well
that I hear fear in their voice in a way
that I haven't heard before on just
other purely political controversies
involving this president yeah you're
reporting that got our attention today
hey Brian this is absent snark and
actually sincere when are we gonna have
another infrastructure week and that is
to say that sometimes an actual agenda
can help drive a presidency and focus
attention back on what's important I
know this White House staff is just the
latest to use travel and events as kind
of a refocus ER and if nothing else a
distraction for this president well we
saw it today I was with President when
he went to Columbus Ohio with flew on
Air Force One we landed he went with
Melania Trump to visit a Children's
Hospital to highlight the opioid
epidemic and House impacting Ohio and
then he went to the Ohio GOP state
dinner and gave a pretty conventional
speech where he only veered off script a
few times at the end and really tried to
look presidential look like he was
bringing the party together notably he
did not mention mana Ford he did not
mention Michael Cohen
and he tried to have and his staff tried
to create for him a pretty conventional
and normal day and that is what I'm
hearing from inside the White House that
there aren't detailed meetings going on
about how to handle the crises that are
spinning out over the criminal activity
of people who who used to work for Trump
they are focused right now on trying to
get Trump out on the campaign trail to
promote his vision for the Republican
Party going into the midterms they're
also looking to the end of September
when the funding for the government runs
out and Trump really wants to have a
fight over wall funding in that and so
they're plotting ahead like that try to
put these issues on the table and and
try to develop a more normal rhythm
inside the White House when of course
it's going to be incredibly difficult
given all of the investigations that are
going on and how more revelations are
likely to come out hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
