I'm joined now by former US Attorney for
Alabama Joyce Vance Joyce great to see
you thank you for being with us your
first reaction to Alan weiselberger the
Trump organizations CFO being given this
immunity what's your what's your first
reaction is somebody who's been at the
other side of the deal on this where
you've given people immunity why so
typically you give immunity to someone
because you're hoping that they'll be
able to either provide information or
testify against someone who's a little
bit higher up on the food chain than
they are you don't use a bit of a big
fish to eat a smaller fish so my read
into this is that he gets immunity in
the hope that he can provide help with
someone else and Cohen doesn't look like
the big fish that Sdn why would be going
after here so the implication is there's
a bigger fish we're trying to figure out
who the bigger fish is the obvious
choice is Donald Trump senior but it
could be Donald Trump jr. or Eric those
are the only possibilities of somebody
who's more senior to weiselberger in the
organization would that be true you know
at least in the organization and it's
important to say when you give someone
immunity and try to keep going up the
chain and a prosecution you don't always
succeed but these are good prosecutors
they know how to do these kinds of cases
it seems unlikely to me that they would
have given weiselberger pass if they
didn't think he had some value to offer
them the benefit of immunity is that I
guess you're supposed to tell the
prosecutors whatever they want to know
or whatever you know and in exchange for
that you can't be prosecuted for the
things that you tell them I'm assuming
there might be different flavors of the
immunity but I guess the point is
weiselberger then can't get out there
and and and plead the fifth
you know there are different flavors of
immunity and they come with some
different rights and responsibilities
but one of the important things to
remember about immunity is it's always
better to have a witness who's
cooperating with you voluntarily because
they'll share information that they know
they're doing that to get a good deal
for themselves when you give a witness
immunity you compel them to speak to you
the only answers you get are the quit
the answers to the questions that you
know to ask that witness so it's always
preferable to have someone cooperating
volunteer
and it's just not clear yet what's going
on here I need you to go deep into the
recesses of your mind into ancient
history all the way back to Tuesday when
right it is it's light years and and
when Michael Cohen announced what when
they announced what was happening with
Michael Cohen strangely the prosecution
the Southern District of New York did
not announce a cooperation deal with him
now a number of lawyers knew and I've
spoken since then have told me that
sometimes a cooperation cooperation deal
emanates from a plea deal where do you
think we are on that it's hard to know I
thought it was real surprising to see
Cohen plead straight-up to this
indictment looks like he has someplace
between four and six years of exposure
hard to know why he would have done that
he could have possibly gotten some
cooperation there's been some
speculation that his wife might have had
exposure he might have gone ahead and
entered a plea of guilt to spare her I
just don't think we know yet
and of course prosecutors could decide
down the road that Cohen does have some
value and conclude a cooperation
agreement with him at a later time
I think the tagline for the Trump
administration is I just don't think we
know yet joy is always great to see you
thank you at least for helping us get
through it joyce Vance is a former US
Attorney
all right much more to get to at the end
of this incredible week of news still
ahead the question of just what may have
changed in the last few days to change
the way that prosecutors may confront
the president we've got that and much
more ahead just stay with us hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
