and Richard let's talk about the
language of this week we know now that
the president is not sure but that
flipping ought to be illegal we know now
that he prefers people who don't break
he doesn't like rats we can certainly
say that about characters portrayed by
guys like Pesci and De Niro
it was a Scorsese an week at the White
House what does it say do you think
about this man's view of stewardship
over the nation large writ large and
kind of the rule of law in general well
he talks like a mob boss he thinks like
a bob boss and he's been acting like a
mob boss and that's that's what we've
got for president that's the bottom line
and this situation with Michael Cote is
serious say was a campaign violation
it's a felony similar to what John
Edward just was tried for Edwards was
was not convicted it was a hung jury
because of some complications with that
trial now let's say though the this
situation with : is is only the
beginning the Russia investigation is
really where the action is here that's
the real danger to our country that our
president and his campaign collaborated
with the Russians have been lying about
their contacts with the Russians and
that's what Bob Buller is investigating
and what's an investigation starts at
the House of Representatives if they
ever bother to think about peachy this
president I would assume that they get
beyond the stormy Daniels payment the
campaign finance violation and focus on
the really important stuff which is the
collusion but the Russians and the
betrayal of our country to a foreign
power adore to win an election and a
cover-up this is a very very serious
situation it's dangerous for national
security and Congress needs to act now
not wait till January when the Democrats
get control of the House of
Representatives hey there are Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
