trump's chief financial officer allen
weiselberger is now talking to the feds
with immunity weiselberger is the guy
who prepared Trump's tax returns tax
returns we haven't seen yet he oversaw
all of the Trump Organization financial
transaction and infrastructure including
apparently the hush money now the feds
referred to weiselberger as executive
one in the michael cohen court documents
he's the one who arranged for quote
payment for services rendered
the hush money to cover up trump's
alleged affairs weiselberger is at the
center of trump's business world he's
literally the guy put in charge after
the election he has relinquished
leadership and management of the trump
organization to his sons Don and Erick
and a longtime trump executive Alan
weiselberger Don Eric and Alan are
committed to ensuring that the
activities of the Trump Organization are
beyond reproach alright so those
activities of the Trump Organization may
soon lead to criminal charges brought by
the district attorney here in Manhattan
boys'll Berg becomes the latest Trump
associate to get immunity or to
cooperate with the feds now that
includes David Packard the publisher the
National Inquirer who allegedly worked
with Cohen to silence Trump's women the
AP reports that there was a secret safe
at the Inquirer headquarters where they
locked up stories that were damaging to
President Trump and another executive
was known to have a recording device
believe it or not in his office so as a
result of these immunity deals there
could be even more evidence including
new tapes in the hands of the feds
tonight and there are more people that
Trump once trusted who are now spilling
secrets right now Trump is speaking at a
GOP fundraiser and a high you see live
pictures there if he says anything about
his legal problems we will certainly
bring that news to you right away all
right joining me now is former federal
prosecutor Seth Waxman Shelby Holliday
from The Wall Street Journal and when
the Blair author of the Trump's great to
have all of you with us and going to the
window we should say is obviously an
expert on the Trump's really writing one
of the I guess definitive books on the
family shelby let me begin with you and
let's talk a little
about weiselberger who exactly is this
man in the center of Trump world if you
will he's an incredibly important figure
and hat tip to my colleagues at the
journal for breaking this story that he
has immunity there are some questions
about with the extent of his immunity
what questions he has to answer if he's
sharing information just about those
hush money payments or information well
beyond those but he's an incredibly
important figure who's been with the
Trump Organization for decades before
Trump even took over from his father
so he's been with Trump through
bankruptcies through the reality-tv saga
through all of his booms and busts he
knows where the proverbial bodies are
buried we've heard that a lot today but
he's also very much in control of trumps
finances now that Trump is president and
so he could know really important things
for the grand jury and molars
investigation for example if he is
actually cooperating with them and
sharing information with them as well so
yeah I don't know if you've ever had a
chance to interview Weisenberger well
tell us a little bit more about him as a
person I mean what did you learn about
him what did you glean from him as a
personality the way he functioned within
that world was he meticulous that he
sound or did he come across as like the
person who would be extremely loyal to
President Trump and and why would you
think he would seek immunity
I don't want to suggest we were BFFs but
what I did my impressions and my
recollection is when I did interview him
when I was doing my book he came he
worked for Fred first for Donald's
father so he was a continuity from that
the earlier version of the Trump
Organization under his father he and
Donald Trump's we have to remember the
big influences on him school of Fred
that was one of them yeah so this was a
guy who already did Allan Weissenberg
was somebody who had already been part
of that world where you know the
incredibly sharp business dealing
squeeze everything you can out of here
so he's definitely a holdover from
fright from the FET for a fair excuse me
how much do you think he actually knew
about the Trump world I mean if you had
to quantify yeah I did pretty much
everything and when I interviewed them
the Trump Organization one of the things
I think people learn through the
campaign it had a remarkably small
number of people working there so
whoever did work there
knew a lot so how worried do you think
Trump is since you know the Trump's in
the Trump world Donda Donald Trump jr.
Eric Trump since they were the ones
along with weiselberger after the
election who were in charge of the Trump
Organization how worried are they all
this evening I would say pretty much a
hundred percent this guy was right at
the center super loyal eyes down he was
when I interviewed him it very saw you
know a low profile but you know
meticulous eyeshade guy totally focused
on getting you know doing the best for
the Trump Organization in terms of taxes
and everything else but he knew it all
said let me ask you a little bit about
weiselberger here and the fact that he
is sought immunity we don't know if it
was necessarily something that they
offered initially or is it something he
sought and then they ultimately are the
feds ultimately offered it to him but
what does that tell you the fact that
they were willing to grant him immunity
that he now has immunity about what kind
of information he may have and what it
is that investigators can be looking for
that he would know yeah I mean he may
have the keys to the castle I mean and
white-collar criminal prosecutions and
investigations it's the books and
records it's the documents it's the
business transactions and to land
someone like the CFO the chief financial
officer someone by all accounts as your
guests are saying has been tight with
the Trump Organization for decades who
can walk
prosecutors through those transactions
like when your guest said you know where
the bodies are buried and breathe life
into those documents that is a huge get
for the government along with mr. pecker
and of course mr. Cohen potentially into
the fold those kinds of professional
advisors that that you know lend their
expertise can really build a white
collar criminal prosecution and of
course corroborate each other which is
key to any kind of investigation except
do you know in a situation like this I
mean and it's hard to speculate about
this case but do you know is it
something that feds or investigators
offer up early on immunity because they
know somebody legally is liable or to
try to win him over easily or do you
think that it's something that you
negotiate you you trade information back
and forth
I mean prosecutors hate to give out
immunity they they want to get the
testimony straight up and if at worst
get someone to plead to something
because they clearly have exposure if
they're pleading or seeking immunity but
if you can't get any of that done and
kind of as a last resort you immunize
someone to get the information and so
you only do that in circumstances
typically where the person has something
really good and you really want it and
so it seems like you know from what
we're seeing that may be the case here
yeah it seems certainly and what a week
it has been for some of these associates
at Shell van I wanted to ask you that
when it comes to the associates who are
guilty or those that have been given
immunity like David Packard and
weiselberger you have them there on the
screen the Trump associates granted
immunity on one side the Trump
associates that are guilty and
cooperating on the other a lot of people
in Trump's inner circle working with the
government now what does that tell you
well I think there are three sort of
pillars here you have the foundation you
have the business and you have the
campaign and the people cooperating come
from all of those worlds which is
probably a very scary thing for the for
the president because of you know all
three of those things are being
investigated I think the people who are
cooperating in terms of what they know
on the campaign some of them know a
great deal I think Rick Gates was there
through the home stretch he was close
not just a man apart but also on the
campaign and stayed to help through the
inauguration and then you have people
like weiselberger and Cohen Cohen's been
in Trump's world and I know I know Trump
is trying to distance himself right now
and say he just did small deals for me
he wasn't really a fixer you know he's
downplaying Cohen's role but Cohen was
in a lot of meetings he was setting up a
lot of arrangements I think that tape
where Cohen's talking about weiselberger
is fascinating because you could
probably argue that boys'll Berg didn't
really know all the dirty details and
then you when you hear that tape it
suggests see actually okay so let me
pick up on that point which is a really
interesting question why so Berg knowing
about what the payments were necessarily
for The Wall Street Journal reports that
mr. Trump was known for being meticulous
about payments the company made mr.
weiselberger would bring him would bring
Trump checks to sign for the company on
a daily basis is it at all plausible
that any of the Cohen reimbursements
that were made were a maybe not
necessarily aware to weiselberger what
they were for you know in fact if they
were just told like these are
reimbursements
he would just process them as such or
could it be possible the other way
around that Trump did not necessarily
know but Weissenberg would certainly
know what they were for what what do you
think based on what you've learned over
the years with the Trump Organization
was a real micromanager
he signed every check they all went in
front of him he wanted to know what they
were for sometimes he wouldn't pay them
as the journal reported yes sometimes
he's like you know put off payment
squeeze this guy a little bit more don't
pay the full amount he was a guy who
knew what he was doing so the idea that
he ever signed a check and didn't know
what it was for I think that that's a
non-starter for Trump okay so an
weiselberger and Wisel Berg that guy was
on top of it he was central there was
the staff there was hardly anybody there
that was one of the startling things to
me when I interviewed Donald at his
office there were not very many people
working there and there never were very
many people working there you would all
surprised and we'll put this back up on
the screen when we show these five
people two that have been granted
immunity David Packer
well as weiselberger and on the other
side those that are cooperating with the
government that have pleaded guilty
Michael Flynn Papadopoulos Rick Gates
from somebody who's researched the Trump
world are you at all surprised that
loyalty has not turned out to be as
strong of a force in the Trump orbit
that these men are all cooperating or to
some extent are willing to offer
information on their boss who's always
put a premium on loyalty well end of day
they stave it off as long as they can
but it what are the telling things I
think is that why slit berg so far Trump
has not tried to diss him yeah he's
tried to say Konrad didn't matter Paul
Manafort oh he was just there for a few
days we have not heard that Alan Russell
burg wasn't the main site in charge of
finances for decades he has not said
that and he's also not he hasn't come
out with some kind of you know like kind
of dissing nickname for him yeah I mean
he's digital itself yeah he's disses
himself from michael cohen saying he was
he did small deals he distanced himself
from Paul Manafort saying he only worked
on the campaign a little bit why do you
think he hasn't done that with Alan
weiselberger and why do you think Alan
Weissenberg has sought immunity or hat
now has immunity
I there's a lot of talk a lot of
comparison of Donald Trump to some kind
of mob boss that kind of model yeah but
is is Alan weiselberger is he a made man
maybe that's the question I talk a
little bit now we are definitely gonna
talk a little bit about that kind of
culture that exists in the tough world
later on in the show Seth really quickly
a would it would state charges take away
a michael cohen pardon as a potential
tool for trump we know he's trying to
kind of perhaps signal that to Paul
Manafort with some of the comment
comments and language and the tweets
saying he's a brave man and all that if
there are state charges would that
neutralize a presidential pardon yeah it
sure would I mean mr. Trump the
president has the power to pardon in the
federal system but not in the state
system the governor of New York could
pardon someone of course there's no
indication that would happen so to the
extent that Manhattan da brings charges
against Michael Cohen or anyone else the
president will not be able to pardon
those what do you think right now Seth
in terms of the investigators what is
the big picture here that they're trying
to put together when it comes to
president Trump through the people like
Michael Cohen David pecker and
weiselberger Alan voiceover what is the
big picture that they're trying to
assemble two stages the first is Don jr.
and Kushner and the second is the
president himself you know getting these
close associates Whitten criminal
context and when I was a prosecutor used
to call top lieutenants either in the
financial area or you know people like
Michael Cohen getting them into the fold
brings you that much closer to the
president and if it's not the president
right away maybe it's Jared Kushner or
Don jr.
and if you get to one of those two then
maybe you're right on the doorstep to
the presidency so mr. Muller is working
this up as a classic federal
investigation you know you know checking
all the boxes dotting all the highs and
and T's and and he looks like he's
moving closer and closer hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
