sessions fired back at the president
might say in a statement saying in part
why I am Attorney General the actions of
the Department of Justice will not be
improperly influenced by political
considerations well today Trump ramped
up his war of words against sessions in
a tweet he mock sessions statement about
refusing to politicize the department
Jeff this is great what everyone wants
so look into all the corruption on the
other side well Trump then listed the
political opponents he won at the
Department to investigate but compare
that with Trump's tweet Wednesday when
he wrote I feel very badly for Paul
Manafort and his wonderful family
justice took a 12 year old tax case
among other things applied tremendous
pressure on him and unlike Michael Cohen
he refused to break so Trump wants to
pardon his friends and the go after his
enemies according to Axios that kind of
disconnect reflects Trump's fantasy
legal system noting Trump wants a top
law enforcement official his Attorney
General to be far more sympathetic to
his views on laws and loyalty well the
report goes on to add a source close to
Trump said the expectation of unwavering
loyalty is a core operating principle
for Trump from I'm joined by Mika a Yank
vice president for the national security
program at Third Way and Charlie Sykes
contributing editor at The Weekly
Standard Charlie this is pretty overt
isn't it the president basically like
he's told that Russians to go after
Hillary's emails now he's telling his
Attorney General to act like the
old-time attorney generals and start
going after his political enemies doing
it just that way I think it's hard yeah
it's hard to overstate the the contempt
and ignorance that he has about the
concept of the rule of law or the
independence of the Department of
Justice but I keep thinking that that
Donald Trump is saying out loud what
somebody like Richard Nixon might have
said in private then we're seeing we're
seeing this this attitude of using the
Department of just using the legal
system as a cudgel to attack your
enemies and and then basically protect
your cronies and he's actually saying it
in public not caught on tape he's saying
it on cable television
it really is extraordinary and and you
know the irony of course is that Jeff
Sessions is the trump 'ya strum cabinet
right I mean he's the most closely
aligned and yet he lacks the one thing
that really
to Donald Trump was this glandular
unthinking personal loyalty and
willingness to protect the president
mica did you backed it up because it
seems to me that's right that he his
anger against Jeff Sessions is not that
he's not tough enough on immigration
they're both tough on the League of
migration let's face it they're both
right-wingers they're both that that
sentiment on the hard right his problem
according to Crump is he didn't protect
Trump from prosecution that's his
problem that's right and what you see
with Jeff Sessions is somebody who's
very loyally pursuing the Trump agenda
and that policy agenda means nothing to
the president he doesn't care that Jeff
Sessions is banning Muslims and helping
to separate families the border and
doing all these other things and
reviewing people's citizenship status
all things that are really outside of
the American norms all he cares about is
that this Attorney General is settling
scores about who Trump cares about he
wants it to be very personal to him and
that is not something that we've ever
seen historically we've seen Attorney
General's take on a president's policy
agenda never their personal agenda he
kind enough he wants gangster movies but
I don't know if you saw the untouchables
where Robert DeNiro goes around the
baseball bat at one of his meetings of
his Capo's and knocks the head and kills
a guy off one of his guys why doesn't
the president just get rid of I'm sorry
why does he just get rid of Jeff
Sessions Byram tomorrow morning tonight
at midnight why not it's Friday night
want to do it I think that he's been
warned by all of his close associates
and his Republicans in the Senate that
if he fires Jeff Sessions he's really
gonna be in an uphill battle and one of
the things that he can't worst in his
yeah because one of the things he can't
afford to have her the Republican
senators turn on him if the house starts
impeachment proceedings and they vote to
remove him from office because then all
of that immunity that he is getting from
that OLC memos as the sitting president
won't apply anymore he will be able to
be indicted and prosecuted if he's not
in office but the senators are the ones
standing between him and that fate well
yesterday South Carolina Senator Lindsey
Graham said he expects sessions to be
fired after the midterms after November
political reports the Tennessee senator
bob Corker echoed that sentiment saying
it's apparent that after the midterms he
will make it change and choose someone
to do what he wants done sessions does
have his share of defenders on the hill
of court
here's the Braska senator Ben Sasse the
Attorney General's job is not to be a
political hack the Attorney General's
job is to defend the Constitution and to
follow the rule of law and that's what
Jeff Sessions is doing the idea that
Jeff Sessions might be fired because
he's not a political hack is a very very
bad idea
it's a bad idea for the Constitution
it's the that's a bad idea for public
trust it's a bad idea for the Department
of Justice in fact it's a really bad
idea for the president in that States
charlie I wonder who's alone there is a
you know is Corcoran and Lindsey Graham
the majority or is Ben Sasse the
majority of in the Senators who's that
why they own the Trump side are they on
the side of Jeff Jeff Sessions whose
side of the alignment
III think they're standing there with a
finger in the wind trying to see which
way the which way this all blows look
the Republicans are are divided on this
but ultimately will come down to them
and it will come down to whether or not
they're going to draw a bright line what
I thought was stunning about Lindsey
Graham's comments was the timing here
you have the president who is sounding
like a mob boss you know after these
convictions
you know expressing his contempt for the
rule of law this would been the moment
you would think right that Republicans
in the Senate would caution him if for
no other reason than political
self-preservation you know do not
exercise the nuclear option do not try
to do the leadership of the Department
of Justice no he not only didn't do that
he appeared to give a green light to
something that would be set off a
political firestorm and a constitutional
crisis and this you know I really get
the sense that that folks have not
completely internalized all of the
events of this week and what they mean
the threat to the president how things
have changed this week I don't think
that voters have fully understood you
know who have taken it on board and I
think that members of Congress are still
waiting to see what the fallout is going
to be because look this was Donald
Trump's worst week but it's going to get
worse hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
