out over the Trump Whitehouse sometimes
compared to the legal storm that took
down the Nixon White House decades ago
in a moment I'm gonna talk to Martin
London an attorney who represented
Nixon's vice president Spiro Agnew who
resigned in disgrace he is out with a
new piece today telling Donald Trump to
do exactly that
resign Agnew's resignation coming nearly
45 years ago on the same day he pled
guilty to tax evasion the matter of
Spiro Agnew who resigned his vice
president yesterday hung over Washington
today like air pollution no one except
perhaps the president knows who will be
chosen as Agnew successor and mr. Nixon
isn't saying all right joining me now is
Martin London who also represented a
client sued by Donald Trump in 1985 and
won he is the author of the book the
client decides also with me is Harvard
professor Lee Araya trigger Martin who
mark sorry excuse me Martin let me come
to you first I want to get your take on
why should President Trump resign look
this is going downhill this is just the
beginning he's lost several of his close
friends and associates Flynn gates Cohen
Papadopoulos now he's just lost the
pecker Seth Waxman got it right when
that doorbell rings and the guy says I'm
from the FBI let me tell you it's every
man for himself so that suggests to me
that the longer he waits the worse it's
going to get I think they're gonna go
after the Trump Corporation now I think
Wessel Berg is a Weissenberg has got
immunity you know there's an interesting
story they had they the complaint says
the information says that they gave the
phony invoice to Weissenberg who gave it
to executive number two and we don't
know executive number two is but I want
only better nickel that the last name of
that executive is Trump so
or state crimes by the way let me ask
you this Martin since that since you
brought up this interesting point about
when the doorbell rings and it's the FBI
at the doors every man for himself
where do you think the Trump kids that
Trump children Donald Trump Eric Trump
Ivanka Trump where do they fit in all of
this what do you think is going to
happen with them well look that June
meeting in Trump Tower is is dynamite
despite Rudy Giuliani who I referred to
this morning as moody the clown saying
well they didn't know there were
Russians of course they knew there were
Russians that had the email that said
the Russian government wants to help
find evidence to help your father win
the election he goes to and he says I
love it it's great I think there was a
crime there already so I think then he
covers up the crime he cooks up with his
father a false statement that it was
about adoption wasn't about adoption at
all I think he's in the soup and I think
I know 1% or 10% of what's going on so I
think that the longer this goes on the
greater the exposure is going to be very
good at this
Lea speaking of exposure do you envision
President Trump can you see President
Trump from his personality in psychology
a person who would resign the office of
the president if he is in fact facing
the FBI absolutely not I think that you
know Martin makes a wonderful point that
particularly drawing on this history
this really important history you know
first things first let me say game
recognizes game right so he clearly is
drawing on this really important
historical moment almost 40 years to the
to the day where you know Spiro Agnew
recognized that this was the right thing
to do this was the necessary thing to do
particularly as the walls were closing
in but what we've seen from Donald Trump
historically what we're seeing from
Donald Trump now is that as the walls
are coming in as the legs are coming out
from under the organization that his
tendency is to double down and to fight
back even when he is in the wrong even
when faced with overwhelming
even faced with evidence that a crime
has occurred that corruption has
occurred and I think that's especially
true when if we see that his children
may be involved and maybe you know necks
on the chopping block
yeah did you want to add something yeah
look when we represented Despereaux no
we were we were upset at Spiro Agnew the
guy who was exposed there was mr. Agnew
vice president Agnew we didn't have to
worry about children sons a pair of sons
a son-in-law who also I had exposure the
longer this thing goes on the greater
that exposure is going to be and if he's
going to cut a deal the father down the
line he goes the greater is the pile of
evidence the government gets the tough
of that deal is going to be I happen to
agree no I don't think he would do it
because I don't think he's got this
takes a lot of contemplation it takes a
lot of balancing it takes a lot of
consideration I don't think he's capable
of that so to that point yeah sorry to
cut you off Murray I wanted to ask
really quickly because it's great to
have two brilliant legal minds here the
issue of a president being indicted and
whether or not he can face trial and the
president seems to be resolved he some
have said that he can't be indicted but
he wouldn't necessarily face the trial
while he's sitting in office what do you
think what is the legal matter tell us
in terms of a sitting president being
indicted or at least facing trial so I
think that there are a couple of
different ways of speaking it and I
think that that Martin he's far more
equipped to speak to the specifics but
one thing that I'll say is that his
children can face charges in a number of
different ways we also don't know what
happens I mean again we give the context
so we'd have to we'd actually have to
see in there a couple of different ways
of interpreting it but once he steps out
of office and he's no longer sitting
president or sure that also incorporates
that also means there's definitely
different ways of looking at it and that
he could still be brought up on charges
particularly you know to Martin's point
as this laundry list keeps coming and
coming and
and more and more comes out mine what's
your legal take on that well you know an
interesting story there had never been
even any legal writing on this subject
until the Agnew case when when the
Justice Department was investigating the
vice president we wrote a brief and we
said but you have to stop the
investigation because the vice president
is immune from prosecution while he's
sitting in office and we cited you know
the articles in article 1 and article 2
the impeachment articles and the Elliot
Richardson the Attorney General said I'm
going to turn this over to mr. Bork was
this elicited general who wrote a brief
and he came back in his brief and said
well you know you're right there is a
strong argument that article 1 officers
should not be indicted while in office
but I make a distinction my client
President Nixon he can't be indicted the
president can't be done but your client
the Vice President can be indicted and
Bork's memo was the first of two DOJ
memos that have concluded that a sitting
president cannot be indicted
well it certainly may be something that
is going to be revisited in the coming
months or possibly even in the coming
years Martin London I certainly
appreciate your times thanks very much
Lee I regret as well thank you so much
for your insights hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
