and now to Donald Trump potentially
undermining his own claims of innocence
by using language that is more commonly
associated with crime bosses and mob
movies today NBC confirming another top
trump figure struck a deal with the feds
the Trump organizations CFO getting
immunity in the Cohen probe it's part of
a pattern of Trump associates spilling
the beans this is just a day after Trump
blasted what he calls flippers this
whole thing about flipping they call it
I know all about flipping for 30 40
years I've been watching flippers it
almost ought to be outlawed it's not
fair I've had many friends involved in
this stuff
it's called flipping and it almost ought
to be illegal all right so in recent
days Trump has been saying that the
White House Counsel isn't a rat he's
been praising Paul Manafort because he
quote refused to break and blasting Jeff
sessions for failing to match Trump's
quote loyalty it's a mindset not often
found in the White House but in films
like this don't ever take sides with
anyone against the family again and you
learned of two greatest things in life
never write on your friends
and always keep your mouth shut I'm
businessman and loyalty is based on that
what's the trying to thing yes people
around you think all right joining me
now is NBC News analyst Howard Fineman
and back with me once again Seth Waxman
who spent eight years prosecuting
organized crime figures like some of
those that we saw portrayed on TV I said
let me begin with you you've been in
this position before is the way Trump
acting a sign that he feels backed into
a corner the language the posturing is a
defensive in nature of course it is it
is exactly that you know I when I was a
federal prosecutor I used to sit on
wiretaps for weeks or months and this is
the kind of language that hardened
criminals would use you know head
kingpins and drug dealers you know who's
flipping who do we who do we want to go
after who's on our side I mean listening
to this is like listening to Tony
Soprano you know this is really shocking
to me this kind of language I you know I
don't want to go too far but you know
Washington Lincoln Jefferson they might
be rolling over in their grave to think
that a president of the United States is
criticizing people who own
responsibility plead guilty and decide
to change their life but yet you know
standing by the person who isn't going
to be a rat it's really really upsetting
Howard it's one thing for the president
to kind of use this language among his
own inner circle in private but he's
using this language open in public to
demean to distance himself from the in
interviews in an official capacity what
are your thoughts about the way Donald
Trump is talking like a mob boss well he
wants to do it publicly because this is
the image he wants to project he wants
to be known as the mob boss in the White
House that's this whole the whole manner
of his upbringing everything he was
steeped in New York in the construction
business and in dealing with people
there the way he's raised money
including from people who are reputed to
be in the Russian mob etc he was coming
into his own in New York and beginning
in the business right around the time
the Godfather movies were were
we're in the in the theaters and 72 and
74 and that's how he has consciously
shaped himself it's how he grew up in
New York it's what he thinks power is
supposed to look like so he's not gonna
hide it at all he's gonna advertise it
he also thinks that public threats are
the way to go in a way he's like a bad
mob boss because the mob bosses didn't
do it in public
he's playing that role on television and
playing it in the White House and
playing it the way he thinks power is
supposed to look hey do you think it's
gonna haunt him do you think Howard that
it undermines him in the long run
undermines any chance he's got in the
long run well one would think so
but he's played it's interesting because
he the longer he goes and the more he
gets back into a corner legally the more
he's behaving that way he has some kind
of faith that that sells to the people
who care about him most it may but in
the process he's gonna lose the
perimeter of whatever support he has
those suburban voters the people who
believe in the idea of decency and the
rule of law ultimately are going to
recoil maybe not now but as soon as the
report comes out and as soon as other
facts are known and I think somewhere in
his mind he has that sense at least
Stara he's preparing himself for that
day
Seth you brought up the issue that
you've sat in on many wiretaps over your
career career excuse me listen to the
type of people that Trump surrounds
himself with because I'm gonna play this
Michael Cohen talking to a reporter in
what what do you make of that language
stuff what do you make of that
threatening tone this was one of the
presidents lawyers one of his fixers so
to speak a part of his inner circle yeah
that's the true Michael Cohen I mean I
understand Lanny Davis now is coming out
and saying you know mr. Cohen is found
religion or is back to his family or is
putting country first look I learned one
thing as a federal prosecutor people
that are in the crosshairs of federal
law enforcement care about one thing and
one thing only
it is themselves you know I don't
believe for a minute that he has now
found his country he's found himself in
a corner and he's doing everything that
he can to help himself that what you
heard on the tape that is the true
Michael Cohen and when he was still a
member of the conspiracy
assuming it existed hey I'm already
melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our youtube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
