my heart and my thoughts and my prayers
are in Arizona this afternoon where the
McCain family earlier today announced
that Senator John McCain has chosen to
stop all medical treatment for brain
cancer a diagnosis the family bravely
shared with the world a year ago at this
our close friends and longtime aides are
traveling to Arizona the family
releasing a statement this morning that
reads in part quote John has surpassed
expectations for his survival but the
progress of disease and the inexorable
advance of age render their verdict with
his usual strength of will he has now
chosen to discontinue medical treatment
John McCain is a giant in American
politics having run twice for president
under the banners of the Straight Talk
Express and country first senator
McCain's voice is cherished across the
partisan divide now more than ever after
Donald Trump's helsinki summit McCain
released a statement that read quote
today's press conference in Helsinki was
one of the most disgraceful performances
by an American president in memory the
damage inflicted by president Trump's
naivete egotism false equivalence and
sympathy for autocrats is difficult to
calculate but it's clear that the summit
in Helsinki was a tragic mistake John
McCain doesn't mince words he has a
quick wit a deep affection for baseball
Hemingway his friends and barbecues in
Sedona he loves his country and his
family more than all else and his voice
has elevated the debates in Washington
at times they most needed to be raised I
fell in love with my country when I was
a prisoner in someone else's I loved it
not just for the many comforts of life
here I loved it for its decency for its
faith and the wisdom justice and
goodness of its people I loved it
because it was not just a place but an
idea a cause worth fighting for I was
never the same again I wasn't my own man
anymore I was my country's I gotta ask
you a question I don't know
even I can't trust Obama I have read
about him and he's not he's not he's a
he's an Arab he is not no no no ma'am no
ma'am
he's a he's a he's a decent family man
citizen that I just happened to have
disagreements with on fundamental issues
and that's what this campaign is all
about he's not in a contest as long and
difficult as this campaign has been his
success alone commands my respect for
his ability and perseverance but that he
managed to do so by inspiring the hopes
of so many millions of Americans would
once wrongly believe that they had
little at stake or little influence in
the election of an American president is
something I deeply admire and commend
him for achieving how do you want the
American people to remember you he
served his country and not always right
made a lot of mistakes made a lot of
errors but served his country and I hope
we could add honorably here to talk
about Senator McCain and the day that he
has made another brave decision today to
cease treatment some people who know him
very well
NBC News's Andrea Mitchell who among
many things for us covered Capitol Hill
during much of the time that Senator
McCain was serving there mark Leibovich
chief national correspondent for New
York Times Magazine who's written
several profiles of Senator McCain and
almost as importantly knows the people
around him better than anyone and
presidential historian Jon Meacham who
also knows the senator very well let me
start with you Andrea Mitchell and today
is a day those three clips I played I
happen to be there for all three of
those moments but John McCain's been one
of the most important voices during the
Trump presidency and I read that clip
after the Helsinki summit because there
was nothing that animated this president
or the earth or the senator Senator
McCain more than sort of the urgency of
being who were supposed to be the
urgency of this country being at its
best and I think that as he sort of
enters the final stages of his fight
against
answer its that voice during the Trump
era that in some ways has been the most
valiant and the most clear absolutely
and as great as he's been all of these
years and he acknowledges his ups and
downs and you've watched it along the
way this year has been so memorable
because of his uniquely strong voice a
searing voice against many of the
policies and decisions of a very
divisive president and in particular
after Helsinki it was so striking but
John McCain from his sickbed in his
beloved ranch in Sedona
having the strength and the wisdom to
speak out strongly in a way that most
Republicans certainly those in the
Senate have not and that is what is so
striking about him also the speech last
July 25th on the Senate floor where he
spoke of his own failures but
importantly of the failures of his
Democratic and Republican colleagues he
chastised them so strongly for being so
partisan for not working across the
aisle as he has in the past with with
those he did not always respect John
Kerry Teddy Kennedy and others Hillary
Clinton who would travel with him to
Iraq and Afghanistan as a member of the
Armed Services Committee the fact that
he always found a way to work with
Democrats and with Republicans with whom
he did not agree for the greater good of
the country that is what I think of most
when I think of John McCain John Meacham
I had the privilege of traveling with
him in 2008 on the campaign trail where
the two stories that he and they called
themselves the three amigos Lindsey
Graham Joe Lieberman and John McCain
told in the most rapid succession they
were sort of on regular rotation were
stories about traveling to Iraq with
then senator Hillary Clinton talking
about working collaboratively I think
when you're in Iraq there aren't
Democrats and Republicans there's an
American senatorial delegation the the
other stories that we heard that they
told the most were stories about being
on the phone with American allies NATO
allies who faced the gravest threats
from Russia
Saakashvili called every day and there
was a day on the campaign trail where
chocolate Cain and Joe Lieberman and I
think Lindsey Graham was oh and they
said today we're all Georgians and
headquarters called and said that better
be
State not the country because we are our
lives these guys we're so focused on
Russia as an enemy and NATO allies as
our stalwart friends and if you look at
how dramatically different
today's trump republican party is
methank this is one of the saddest sort
of political developments in John
McCain's life well it's going to be a
very poignant period here it already is
and will be as the senator goes into the
long Twilight and one of the things I
remember from that that same period was
sitting with him I just looked it up
this afternoon it was almost exactly
12:00 august's ago it was August of 2007
and I remember sitting with the senator
and Mark Salter his great speechwriter
and co-author in a darkened Hotel in
Times Square and they were by themselves
nobody else was around he was in New
York he couldn't get arrested in the
polls from the Republican nomination
that year and we were sitting in this
shadowy room I had this vision it's kind
of like a c-span version of The
Godfather and he had bet his entire
political fortune on whether or not the
surge that George W Bush had put into
effect would work and he said we're
gonna have a we're gonna see if there
are results I believe there will be and
then we're gonna get back into this in
the fall meaning the campaign and it
will test our mettle and what struck me
then and ever since was it's very rare
as you well know for a presidential
candidate it's now vanishingly rare to
base an entire campaign their personal
fortunes their personal fate on an
actual policy that actually affects real
people and it was affecting the people
of Iraq and the soldiers who were
projecting force they're trying to bring
order to chaos and the only other
thought of course is I had more
conversations with him about Robert
Jordan from who the Bell Tolls that I
ever did English class and the closing
image of that novel is
Jordan's heart beating on the forest
floor as he tries his he prepares to
take one more shot and I've always
thought of John McCain's heart always
beating and always will
I've never told this story before over
today's as good a day as any Markovic
one of my most memorable days on the
campaign in o8 with John McCain reading
the snows of Kilimanjaro out loud to me
mark Salter and a couple of their aides
who were with him I believe we were in
Wisconsin in a hotel room and let me
just say John McCain I have never stayed
at a four seasons or ritz-carlton in
service of the McCain campaign it was
always a LaQuinta or a you know quality
in I mean he did not eat fancy food he
got canned tuna from Costco and put it
on the plane and said look Cindy and I
have a new load of groceries and we
stated it very downscale lovely hotels
but but he was not a fan of luxury but
he did love Hemingway I want your
thoughts about that I also want to put
this out there because Jon Meacham
raised marks altar are traded emails of
Mark Salter today you've profiled mark
Salter and he was the man who put I
don't know how to say it who put poetry
to John McCain's patriotic soul talk
about both things yeah well first of all
I mean mark Salter and John McCain I
mean have that's as true a political
alter-ego you know relationship is
you're gonna find I mean they're truly
as amused I think they obviously have
nurtured each other in all kinds of ways
and yeah mark is yeah mark has been just
right there and he's right there today
so he's someone that will always be
linked to the mythology of John McCain I
mean I do think just when you talk about
just these little anecdotes about what
it's like to hang around with him and
there are very few politicians these
days by the way who let you just hang
around and there's probably good reason
for that because John McCain was never
great for the age of Twitter I mean
these some of these pre Twitter
campaigns like 2007 2008 2004 much
better suited for McCain 2000 better
than 2008 by the way but he it's just
trying to remember things and trying to
tell little stories you just remember
Chris Paul you try to edit for TV what
you can tell about the can tell but it's
often just the things that are buried in
your notebook or buried at the end of
the story that you'd forgotten them
reading some things today and I remember
I was writing about him for the
Washington Post in 2004 I think and we
had gone to an Arizona Diamondbacks game
and we were sitting in the front row and
the opposing pitcher for like San Diego
I think it he was a relief pitcher and
it set up on the scoreboard this guy is
the first ever graduate of Massachusetts
Institute of Technology ever to make an
appearance in a major league baseball
game so this guy comes up he he probably
gives up about five runs without giving
up and out manager goes to get him he's
like sort of slumping off the mound and
the King gets up and says yeah next stop
NASA pal we'll see at NASA and I was
like okay we have a u.s. senator who is
now heckling next to me but no there's
just a lot of many little things that
just sort of get lost but you just don't
forget on days like today Mitchell and
obviously his wife his family and the
loves of his life but but he had a lot
of love affairs with deep deep deep
friends and the friendships I mentioned
Joe Lieberman I mentioned Lindsey Graham
to be honest I understand that
friendship to have gone through some
some turmoil in the time of Trump but
but the relationship with Joe Lieberman
was one of the most remarkable
friendships I've ever witnessed the
relationship with Mark salt or one of
the most you know for sort of you know
burly men which I put them both in that
category that this this truly has been a
love affair one man putting words that
are just as as exquisite as any poetry
to sort of the heart and soul of a man
who truly embodies the slogans under
which he ran and I remember having a
fight with mark Salter once who who was
arguing with something we were gonna do
for the campaign and Salter said damn it
Nicole that isn't putting country first
and I said Parkins our slogan you know
these guys does they felt things they
were so earned that they were so true to
the things they said and ran on so rare
and I mean and I think Mark leverage has
right when he refers to the muse that
Salter is - McCain and the closeness of
that relationship and there were other
relationships that were not self-evident
because McCain did not love some of John
Joe Biden's ideas about Iraq when Joe
Biden was chairman of the Foreign
Relations Committee
they forged a bond over their devotion
to foreign policy and to the soldiers
and with beau Biden's diagnosis and that
moment when Beau Biden on the view with
Megan was comforting her in December it
was around December 13th of last year
shortly after John McCain's last Senate
vote and he had retreated to Sedona and
he was really showing the ravages of the
treatment for the cancer as much as
anything else he was in a wheelchair and
she broke down and Biden got up and
hugged her and said that you know John
McCain had helped him through so many
stages with young Beau and he meant when
beau was a child and when John McCain
lost his first wife and when he had
these two kids and was just coming into
the Senate and people like John McCain
and Teddy Kennedy and others were were
comforting him along the way beau had
you know suffered earlier illnesses that
we didn't even know about at the time so
John McCain was such a family man and
such a an embrace or of colleagues in
ways that people didn't know and one or
the thing that I really wanted to point
out he and John Kerry were not close a
lot of policy issues but it was he and
John Kerry who were opponents on
opposite sides of the post-vietnam Ward
debate in this country that gave Bill
Clinton an accused draft dodger the
political cover to make peace with
Vietnam when he was president at the
Vietnam Memorial I was there that day on
Memorial Day and then going with the the
team to make peace and sign that
agreement with Vietnam and that was an
incredible contribution to to world
peace really don't meet you Andrew
Mitchell's talking about Joe Biden Ted
Kennedy John McCain as big hearted men
which they all are how will history
remember big hearted John McCain
selection of Sarah Palin I says
anyway not favorably I don't think it's
one of the moments that I suspect
Senator McCain means when he talks about
being an imperfect public servant he you
know he forgotten more about this than I
know but you know he he rolled the dice
at a critical moment in the summer of
2008 elevating someone who did give him
a boost in the polls initially will
argue forever about whether the Palin
pick mainstream some of the Tea Party
opposition that we weren't calling it
that then but to President Obama but one
of the things that I so admire about
Senator McCain and Bob Dole and George
HW Bush sort of that let this last group
of truly great people whose heroics were
mostly in the 20th century at least his
young men is that they called him as
they saw them if they screwed up they
said hey I screwed up judge me on the
totality of my life you know we're after
a more perfect union here not a perfect
one Markovic is the author of a book
called this town that town that you live
in doesn't have another John McCain
that's never been more clear than
watching people who held themselves
shoulder to shoulder with in people like
Lindsey Graham and and and others
watching them wilt and really disappear
melt like butter in the time of Donald
Trump what is that town like with John
McCain sort of battling his disease in
in Sedona and and what will that town be
like when when there when his voice
isn't isn't part of these debates I mean
no one else put out a statement like the
one I read after Helsinki no one else
boiled it down to brass tacks called it
a tragic disgrace there is no voice like
John McCain's in that town right I mean
I think first of all I mean I think the
point needs to be made that for as
maverick II and as original as John
McCain has been and obviously he proved
his mettle on battlefield in prison that
that you know you can only just revere
he was very much a creature of
Washington I mean he loved green rooms
he was probably I don't love green rooms
but he was he he knew the back of every
room in Washington question about it he
probably I think he set the record for
most appearances on Meet the Press at
least that was true for a while
and so yeah he was around he was very
much a creature of this town and he also
he played a part he was aware of the
many acts that he has had over the years
the many cliches that he sometimes
embodied in the shorthand that people
talk about each other within politics
clearly over the last year his voice has
been very powerful
I think it's emblematic of the people
who have been most outspoken about
Donald Trump from within the Republican
Party have been those with nothing to
lose whether it's you know Jeff Flake or
bob corker and put McCain in that
category but I would also put McCain in
a very different category because you
got to figure he would probably be
pretty outspoken anyway and and look
it's just it's a much more profound
backstory no much more profound sort of
lamp of experience that he speaks with
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
