there's two additional counts that it
appears directly involved the President
of the United States Michael Cohen told
the court I in the CEO of a media
company worked together with a candidate
to keep information from becoming public
and coordination in connection with the
same candidate he made a second payment
in October of 2016 just a few weeks
before the election he said that he was
later than paid by that candidate in
restitution for those funds the judge
asked him did you know what you were
doing was illegal he stood up and he
said yes it was one of the most
remarkable days on our air in the in the
time that we've been on that was Tom
winter in the beginning of what might be
Donald Trump's worst week ever as
president legally speaking that was Tom
winter he joins us to the table now
thank you for being there in that moment
thank you for that moment happening at
four o'clock I guess I should thank the
heavens above and lusty my but I feel
like we were past these things but three
big pillars in place this weekend from
that moment you were the first person to
stay on our air you explained count
seven and eight right and how they
implicate the president a lot of the
conversation is not to send it into the
weeds about how and why and whether
there's a cooperation agreement but the
big picture the president's fixer
implicated the president in an illegal
scam yeah I mean I think it's an
extraordinary moment that we have to
have to stop and think about from from a
historic standpoint which is the
president's personal attorney got up in
a courtroom this week under oath and
said the president directed me to make
payments to two women for alleged sexual
affairs which the president denies but
for alleged sexual affairs as part of an
attempt to influence the campaign in
other words bury the bad news I mean I
could think back in presidential history
we've never had anything quite like this
so I think when you look at it you know
you look at what happened with with Bill
Clinton that's a that's a different type
of scandal but this is a but this is
another major kind of earthquake moment
in our nation's history so yeah you know
you we immediately go to what the
president said about people flipping
witnesses then we turn into Michael
peckerhead immunity and then we turn in
town weiselberger had immunity but still
there's that very core moment that right
he was on the line right there Michael
Cohen is putting himself in and is
admitting his guilt in that moment and
anything he says is under oath I mean
that's a that's a pretty pretty strong
moment so regardless of where the
Russian a there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
