welcome back as we've been saying it
seems like it's every person for him or
herself these days in Trump world so
let's bring in someone knows a lot about
the ups and downs of working for mr.
Trump a former political adviser to then
candidate Donald Trump before and then
again during the 2016 campaign it's our
friend Sam Nunn Berg mr. number two
Caesar Chuck thank you very much so look
you you know this orbit even let me ask
you first tell us who Alan weiselberger
is Alan as far as I know has been with
the president then mr. Trump the Trump
Organization since the 70 since she was
even based in Brooklyn I believe I think
he even knew Alan even knew Fred Trump
Donald Trump's father every single
expense or invoice would either go
through what for me let's say I would
bring it to Donald Trump to sign and
then give it to Alan anything in terms
of budgeting or anything like that that
I ever had to deal with Alan was a alan
was a part of but what I would also say
is everything that I ever saw and I was
asked about this early on in my
voluntary was Alan's name was never
mentioned in my grand jury testimony
everything I always saw it was perfectly
legal and on and on the up and up in
fact the president would frequently when
they were doing a business transaction
or something would comment to his
attorneys and it would come in to his
attorneys he wanted to make sure that he
wasn't gonna have to deal with any fines
or anything like that but with that said
this was very this was very surprising
when I heard about the subpoena a couple
weeks ago and I think the only reason
Chuck that we have this subpoena is
because of Lanny Davis releasing that
tape way and having the mention of his
name oh I think you're right on this
when you heard that he was granted
immunity what was your reaction well my
reaction to that is having been through
this process is that I I don't know
specifically if it's immunity in terms
of whatever you did the same way that
they said David pecker had immunity
let's say is it we just want to get all
the information possible so we can
ascertain whether or not this was a
campaign finance violation because even
though Michael pled guilty to a Chuck
and you know campaigns better than me
this is one of the first times that
we've ever seen something like the
in a court of law where somebody has
been has pled guilty I mean it's never
the closest was Edwards and he was found
not guilty after a jury so that's what I
think they're trying to do and that's
why that's why I would be surprised if
the Southern District was interested in
the Trump Organization businesses
because I am already sure that Bob
Muller and his team have gone through a
lot of the documents we know that Trump
org has been subpoenaed and Chuck when I
when one of the early questions I had
from Aaron Solinsky when I walked into
my voluntary was who did Roger stone
work for and one of the context early
questions questions was what do you know
about the Trump Organization business
interesting yep is there is it fair to
say that if anybody understands the
labyrinth of the Trump Organization
better than President Trump
it's Alan weiselberger well certainly
the financial I will tell you that Alan
on the 26th floor he had a his own
fiefdom he had multiple people working
for him there's a large accounting
office there they all report to him and
obviously you know the same way let's
say if there were certain metrics and
parameters I had to report to then mr.
Trump frequently I we get you know I can
get a frequent call from him even on
something like how many Twitter
followers have I gained in the last week
I am sure Alan got frequent metric you
know had to give frequent reports to
them mr. Trump about the Trump
Organization how do you think the
president reacted to finding out that
Weissenberg as you know the president
described John Dean as a rat is he gonna
be describing Alan weiselberger is a rat
well I think that what the president
once again it goes to exactly I think
probably blames us obviously on Michael
as opposed to Alan Alan was dragged into
this and I would look I think he might
forgive Alan here you don't think Alan's
in trouble or I don't think our you know
I don't think Alan's in trouble and I
also don't think that for instance even
David pecker
I know Gabriel Sherman reported that
Trump made a comment that he that he
flipped I think even with pecker as well
they just look when you get this
subpoena you have to come in there and
you have to tell them everything they
want so I think that in terms of that I
think ultimately the ultimate if he's
blaming anyone obviously
it's gonna be Michael and lanny davis so
that's that's where i think this goes in
terms of him what I'm worried well I
shouldn't say worried I think the
president understands that he can't well
obviously this is in the southern
district but he can't do anything to
stymie this invests to stymie the
special counsels investigation because
as I said to you a couple weeks ago that
would be like Watergate at David pecker
did you how often did you feel as if
that you knew the Trump Organization in
some form or another whether it's
Michael maybe it was you maybe it was
Roger maybe it was the then then
candidate or just private citizen Donald
Trump how often was David pecker or am i
interaction how often did you see it
well lucky luckily for me I never dealt
directly with David Peck or anybody at
Ami because as you know having dealt
with the campaign and Trump more over
the years their their pockets and their
chips that you hold about which which
media it's don't whole you deal with you
have to have with right and people guard
those no no no no he's my contact or
except that's exactly it so you explain
and this was and this was with Michael
so I was quite surprised when of when
national Enquirer's you saw a couple
weeks ago or excuse me some time in
April had a cover against Michael even
in the national car because I knew that
he thought Mike and you thought that was
Michael's account is what you're saying
what I'm saying is Michael was close to
pecker and and it was known within the
organization that you know Michael deals
with national enquirer the same way
let's say I deal with Mark Levin or
something along those lines right so
what is that so it's interesting you're
not you don't so is David pecker turned
on the president or not you don't seem
to think so
no what well you know it's funny when
they talk about that safe what's in that
safe I think there are a lot of
politicians on both sides of the aisle
and I think a lot of celebrities that
are worried about what's in that safe so
I don't think necessarily what I think
once again is they probably wanted the
context of the Karen McDougal deal if I
had to guess there was really nothing
there was really nothing he wasn't you
know this way there was really nothing
else I would say but look there was
obviously connection between National
Enquirer and the
Trump organs you reported during the
primary remember they sequentially went
after every single person that was a
threat to trump from Carson to Rubio to
then Ted Cruz yeah it is hard not that
not to see that pattern there
you know I am curious about this one
last aspect of sort of where this is
headed which is is the president feel
fear I think it was Tim O'Brien that
wrote this the price of one-way loyalty
right there's always been if they're the
greatest criticisms I've heard over the
years when it comes to people that have
worked closely with the with Donald
Trump it's the feeling is he loyalty
matters but it's a one-way street is
that a fair description I think in some
cases it I think it's certainly in some
cases it is and that's why as I've said
even though I don't agree with what
Michael has done I don't agree with
Michael trying to get this president
impeached with Lanny Davis I sympathize
with the way Michael feels having not
gotten a job at the White House I don't
understand why they couldn't have simply
even just given him something in the EOB
and Chuck wouldn't that have worked out
a little better than it has now right so
I think that in terms of loyalty and
things like that look there have been a
lot of people through there but but with
that said I would tell you that this
that this coming you know surrounding
cloud of impeachment and that's what it
is now it's not the Russian cloud
anymore that brings people like me back
into the orbit of being a supporter of
his because I don't think that he should
be impeached ultimately from an
investigation that only started because
he fired James Comey all right sam nunn
berg i will leave it there hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
