welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with
all the front page news this week here's
Wednesday's New York Times pleading
guilty Cohen implicates President
Washington Post convictions tightened
squeeze on Trump big stories deserve big
headlines for history's sake for sure
you know who else got one tabloid magnet
David pecker publisher of the National
Enquirer he was granted immunity by
prosecutors in exchange for providing
details about the Trump Cohen hush money
drama guess who's not covering that
story the National Enquirer here's this
week's issue
Megan Markel Prince Charles Scott
Peterson yeah that dude Elizabeth Smart
where's David Tucker come on this story
is the stuff the tabloid dreams are made
of think of all the beautiful tabloid
possibilities
David peckers safe of Secrets we've even
taken the liberty of designing the cover
for you mr. pecker nobody asked us but
you're welcome anyway oh well at least
the other tabloids are having a field
day with this story here's today's New
York Post mocking finish will inquire
what's in the safe the sessions is a
space alien
Elvis hunts my toaster hey it's not bad
post not bad at all though we here at
MTV daily would like to submit our own
suggestion again you're welcome
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more me to
press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
