a lot of money's been passing to people
to come up and try and get to the border
by Election Day because they think
that's a negative for us they wanted
that Caravan and there are those who say
that Caravan didn't just happen it
didn't just happen as they refused to
acknowledge or to change the laws they
like it they also figure everybody
coming in is going to vote Democrat so
glad I'm here to help you mr. president
even if they got here even if they got
in they couldn't vote that of course was
President Trump last night suggesting
Democrats are supporting a caravan of
migrants headed to the US border to
boost Democratic votes it makes zero
sense the caravan is made up of 4,000
people from Honduras who are traveling
by bus truck and foot it is now one of
president Trump's prime targets as part
of his midterm strategy the migrants say
they are fleeing extreme violence and
poverty and they've told reporters that
they would rather risk the consequences
of Trump's immigration crackdown than
stay in the country here's why in 2012
Honduras was considered the murder
capital of the world with a rate of 90
murders per 100,000 people according to
the United Nations in 2017 the number
was down to 46 murders per 100,000
people extortion is also a huge problem
it's estimated Hondurans pay up to 200
million bucks a year to extortionists
they target public transportation
operators small businesses and residents
in the poorest neighborhoods the World
Bank says 61% of Hondurans live in
poverty and in rural areas one out of
five people live on the equivalent of
less than $2 a day
now as for president Trump's claim that
Democrats are helping bring the caravan
in for elections I just said that there
is no evidence of that none the
president should know you can only vote
if you are a US citizen which meets you
meet state requirements and you're 18
years old many of those in the caravan
are minors and even if they're adults
they're not citizens if they were they
wouldn't be in the caravan
not to mention
it takes a really really long time to
become a citizen in order to become
eligible you have to have a permanent
resident card for at least five years
then you can apply undergo an interview
and pass a test that is no small feat
and guess what else it is impossible to
do that in the next 18 days so joining
me now Elliott Williams former official
with US Immigration and Customs
Enforcement at the Department of Justice
and Julia Ainsley NBC's News national
security and justice reporter okay Julia
let's talk about this Caravan we have
learned that the first group has crossed
into the Mexico border
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo he's in
Mexico right now talking with officials
walk us through where Mexico stands on
all this so today's a really crucial day
and all of this Stephanie we know that
Secretary of Pompeo was sent down there
with a big mission to try to work with
some of his partners and get these
migrants to stay below Mexico in
Guatemala to not let them pass through
Mexico up to the United States who's
down there to pressure them to do that
of course the president's been tweeting
to try to pressure Mexico to do that but
just last night a handful of these
migrants went over a river to get into
Mexico they didn't go through this
normal checkpoint that where they would
usually go through in the city of top of
Chula Mexico but more than that about
two to three thousand migrants are now
about 20 miles south of the Guatemalan
Mexico border
they could be crossing as early as
tonight they've spoken to some of our
reporters down there Stephanie who say
that they are willing to risk his
consequences as you said and if the
Mexican police stand in their way
they're going to try to go through
illegally go through other routes if
they can a lot of those routes are
incredibly dangerous this is very dense
rainforest it's not a place where you
can easily access so we're gonna be
seeing perhaps some really catastrophic
decisions being made here by these
desperate people for the Trump
administration this weekend perhaps even
this day is a time where they have to
decide are they now looking at you know
as many as 4,000 hunters coming to their
border perhaps by that midterm election
which would be a big test for the
president's number-one issue but she
says this to crack down illegal
immigration
okay then Eliot squared this off for me
because President Shawn has clearly
been very hard line on immigration
whether you look here Mexico or
Guatemala or Honduras you know at this
point how treacherous it is and you know
that the president already put in place
now now defunct but zero tolerance
policy this is not a surprise the doors
aren't open that this is the land of
opportunity the president yesterday said
maybe we're gonna cut off aid to places
like Honduras if the president's goal is
we don't want them to come here why not
give more in foreign aid to make things
more peaceful and people safer there so
they wouldn't be trying to I mean
clearly they're not coming because
they've heard great movies are in the
United States and they want to go shop
at Target yeah look the amazing thing is
that we've already seen our elections
hacked we've already seen a foreign
actors a medal in our elections yet
somehow the greatest threat to our
democracy are a couple thousand
Hondurans who aren't even here who
aren't even here yet and this is all
about fear it's not about fixing the
border crisis it's not about fixing you
know addressing the the needs of the
tens of millions of individuals who are
already present in the United States and
frankly we could have had this solution
we could have addressed this years ago
but the president has chosen you know to
make immigration policy all about
enforcement and all about fear we see
this time and time again in the
administration's approach to law
enforcement to immigration and so on and
it's always cracked down first that's
questions letter but you know but even
on this question of family separation
which was intended to be a deterrent it
clearly hasn't been and people still
want to come to the United States so yes
this is far more of a humanitarian issue
then a law enforcement one or a military
one and we need to look at the all the
factors that are that are driving what
brings people to unite but they don't
want to come to the United States so
they can vote in 18 days and this is an
absolutely nonsensical conspiracy theory
that the president is putting out this
again I use the example of fear earlier
this is about creating fear of the other
it's about creating fear of people who
are coming to the United States and
frankly you know it's this bigoted
approach of seeing that that people are
coming to take something away from
Americans what people are fleeing is
ms-13 well
people are fleeing is violence and in
the fears of assaults and threats and
human rights violations and so on that's
why they're coming to the United States
but the notion that people are coming
here simply to meddle in our elections
given the events of the last two years
is truly preposterous you're absolutely
right I'm not yes Julia I could say
something about that date as well it's
not the significance that they're all
showing up to vote in our election
obviously they travel during the fall at
the same time they travel during the
spring these are temperate times of year
to travel but why that date matters is
because we understand from our reporting
that there are a slew of very strict
border enforcement policies being
thought up at the White House right now
championed by Stephen Miller that could
kick in after midterms they don't want
to do anything right now that could be
incredibly incendiary and controversial
but they could be triggering that after
the midterms that's why that November
six date matters to me I find the whole
thing stunning Elliott Julia amazing do
you know what else it is it is an insult
to the intelligence of the American
people that the president would continue
to say that all of these people are
coming from Honduras to vote the system
doesn't work that way and if the
president is unaware I'd like to inform
the American people it doesn't hey MSNBC
fans thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
