pods in the simplest of terms what
happened here we don't know in the
simplest of terms we know that back in
May the president canceled that summit
because he didn't think the North
Koreans were acting seriously enough
they weren't showing enough indication
that they wanted to meet as well what's
interesting about this is this happens
as the State Department is apparently
going forward with their diplomacy just
yesterday they announced that Steve
vegan a longtime national security
expert currently or most recently at
Ford was going to take over and be the
special envoy so from the State
Department side diplomacy was proceeding
apace now secretary mattis is traveling
today we'll try to get away figure out
some sort of way to get a question to
him perhaps when he gets back but we've
heard from the Pentagon throughout this
entire process is a great deal of
caution that North Korea is indeed
serious about finally giving up a
complete and verifiable way their
nuclear weapons what you've always heard
from the president is a lot more
optimism and there's been this divided
Craig between the president who's
optimistic and officials here at the
Pentagon who've been very suspicious
we've just happened now is the president
seems to be on the suspicious side and
what they always say here at this at the
Pentagon they're prepared for any orders
the president gives but the maximum
pressure campaign maintains and keeps up
the pressure on North Korea just real
quickly most recent we saw that from the
Treasury Department earlier this week
when the Treasury Department sanctioned
two Russian vessels are six Russian
vessels but I believe there are two
Russian companies for doing these oil -
oil transfers in North Korea because one
thing that's clear across the entire
government is that they want the
sanctions to bite to force Kim jong-un
to the notion ago she a table I'm gonna
cross the hall here Craig and just see
what the Pentagon's next move is Craig
before you tick off here really quickly
you know one of the things that came out
of that June summit if I recall the
president boasted several towns after
that that the North Koreans had in fact
stopped their missile testing what do we
know about that what do we know about
the North Koreans and their missiles
right now well there has not been the
president's correct there there has not
been missile testing at least that we
visibly see now there's a great deal
dispute on just where they are in terms
of what they're doing with their nuclear
program you saw a report out of the UN I
believe just a few days ago saying that
there's
no demonstrable evidence that North
Korea is scaling back its nuclear
program its nuclear ambitions yes they
took that testing site down but
officials when they blew up that testing
site here officials in the Pentagon were
very clear they just blew up some
openings yes it was a big powerful blast
he saw the percussion shock take out
some trees but in reality they can
reopen that up and take care and and
make that operational again so there has
always been skepticism both from
officials in the Korean Peninsula and
here at the Pentagon about just how
serious Kim jong-un is it's just after
that Singapore summit Craig you had the
president President Trump so willing to
believe Kim jamun remember there's that
exchange of letters the last time Pompeo
was in North Korea he didn't actually
get to meet with Kim Jong moon even
though the White House said he was going
to meet with Kim Jong Un's so there had
been all these signs and up to this
point president Trump was willing to
give the North Koreans the benefit of
doubt that looks like that's change
right here right now and that's why this
is such a significant development
