the New York Times reports that the the
DEA is considering pursuing criminal
charges against the Trump Organization
looking at that possibility what are
they looking at what do they want to
know well I think the first thing that
they're going to look at in the thing
that they have looked at is they look at
what Michael Cohen pled to so
essentially in count 7 you have it laid
out exactly I'm sorry count 8 you have
it laid out exactly how the Trump
Organization paid Michael Cohen the how
they classified those payments you have
executive one you have executive two and
the Trump Organization discussing how to
essentially account for those payments
to him so at that point that that
provides an easy entree to at least take
a preliminary look at this and say okay
you know is there something here where
somebody did not do the right thing in
in their bookkeeping where these
payments not correctly marked and put
into the company's books so that's
something that they can look at
preliminarily so why so if somebody
didn't do the right thing obviously
they're illegalities that's the job of
the DA the GA looks at those rings but
in the larger context what could this
mean it could it go beyond those two
officials so I think I think it's always
possible once you start an investigation
you never know exactly what we certainly
have seen that with yeah exactly it's a
B'nai as they say in the courts but I
think the important thing to remember
here is this one if anybody is charged
with the with kind of the offenses that
I just laid out to you this this
bookkeeping it's either a misdemeanor or
if there was for purposes of concealment
which it appears that it might be it's a
low level felony so we're not talking
here about about serious jail time the
second thing is is that this is all in a
preliminary stage the state and local
law enforcement partners have been
talking to him over the past year and a
half ever since Robert Muller or here in
a couple months ever since Robert Muller
was appointed to his position they're
not going to move until they're ready to
move from a standpoint of on the federal
end of things so in other words they
don't want to get in front of Robert
Muller on this they don't want to mess
up a federal investigation which he is
obviously well underway and in the
middle of so I think any of these
discussions are at a real preliminary
phase you know we've been hearing about
for a year
that this office is looking into the
Trump Organization this office is
looking into Paul mana Ford etc and I
think you know we haven't seen a lot of
movement on that front it's not because
investigators aren't doing their job
it's not because they don't want to
do their job they're just at a point
where where they've really had to had to
sit on the brake so to speak until they
could get to a point where they say okay
the federal end of this is done now we
can approach things from the state side
jeff jacoby Ovitz from purely legal but
then Public Interest standpoint how do
you see this fitting into the big
picture
well from a legal standpoint the
potential crimes here fraud tax evasion
and potentially conspiracy and and those
are potentially felony crimes and that's
important because if you look at that in
the context of also the Attorney General
the New York State Attorney General is
investigating the Trump Organization
these are crimes that are not pardonable
and if his family is involved or other
individuals two executives are involved
Trump cannot pardon them they are
working in context presumably with
Muller and will not step on his
investigation but this is an outgrowth
and the fact that they're following up
on the tax counts as well with Michael
cone is a factor also and in fact in
Virginia they could follow up on tax
counts on Mount afford so he talks about
parting Mount afford but there could be
state counts as well
yeah the breadth of this is really
extraordinary I'm gonna bring you Jeff
Horowitz he's a reporter for The
Associated Press and you broke this
incredible story about David pecker
keeping documents in a safe what do we
know about exactly what was in there so
we know that this was sort of where all
the catch and kill documents were kept
so not just on donald trump necessarily
yes exactly so not just on donald trump
definitely there were things related to
Trump and you know the Karen McDougal
situation but there were other things as
well and it's not clear that we know
what all of those things are the AP
reported one to a former doorman at a
Trump property who was paid I believe
thirty five thousand dollars we don't
know what else there is in there but it
was in addition to that it was other
celebrities as well because part of the
national Enquirer's long-standing
business practice under David pecker her
former reporters there the publication
would basically pay for
that it did not intend to use and then
let the pure white dirt on would you pay
for something why do you catch and kill
what do you get on the other side and is
it potentially information that you
could use in let's say nefarious ways
that you could use against someone to
get them to do what you want them to do
what you're describing sounds sort of
like blackmail and that's a very big
word that I'm probably not prepared to
touch what I can say is that when the
National Enquirer was able to go to a
public figure and say hey we bought we
bought up sort of the worst skeleton in
your closet we have you know witnesses
and proof and people signed to a
contract now by the way would you like
to help us out in some fashion which
they definitely did with people like
Bill Cosby that was a pretty compelling
ask if that makes sense
yeah yeah except for so David pecker we
now know is granted immunity that's
different from making a deal just making
a deal right why is this significant
well there's a lot we don't know I mean
we know that there is exposure on
peckers part we know that they the
prosecutors think they get something to
offer but but we actually don't know all
the details here I mean this is this
whole week has been a big story about
the growing web of serious corruption
scandals criminality in with people very
close to Donald Trump but it also as
this week highlights the it also
highlights the real importance of States
the DA the New York state attorney
general's office you know our eyes have
been so focused on Muller but having
this firewall in the States and having
these ongoing state role in the sense of
that is not something that can be
pardoned by the President of the United
States is that what you're referring to
that's right now there are double
jeopardy rules in New York that limit to
some degree the kind of state charges
that can be brought but they're not
absolute they don't apply to tax crimes
we know that Barbara Underwood in recent
days was seeking a the Attorney General
of New York
with seeking a referral from the
Department of Taxation and Finance
that's a big deal the New York State
Attorney General has the authority to
look into persistent illegality not just
in the foundation but the Trump
Organization which is based in New York
I think what you're gonna see in coming
days is the growing role of states state
attorneys general in particular the New
York State Attorney General in really
resisting against this rampant
illegalities that's coming from the
Trump administration
yeah and Tom you and I seem to talk
about this at least a couple of times a
week which is that with everything
that's been going on there are still
surprises and you know you start to hear
vault and your mind goes back to a lot
of different places but lay out the
relationship between the President and
David pecker and in particular leading
up to the 2016 election right so what we
know from the just from the court
documents or filed this week in the
Michael Cohen case we know that American
media was involved in working with
Michael Cohen and according to what
Michael Cohen said at the direction of
the president in order to pay Karen
McDougal $150,000 in essentially what
they would say there was they would they
would ask for her life story specific to
certain topics obviously that would be
one of them the alleged affair which the
president has denied with Karen McDougal
and so they would offer her $150,000 for
that story and then as you were
discussing before we get back to that
idea of catching kill so in other words
hey I've got that story you can't talk
about it to anybody else
and I'm keeping it I'm keeping that
story you can have your 150 but that's
it and so I think you know we know from
count 7 of the criminal information that
Michael Cohen pled guilty to that
America media was involved in that so
that's just that's one example of how
this goes but it is part of now a
federal federal case yeah and Jeff this
is you know probably like well it is
less about the legality of it than just
about the fascinating nature of it but
can we talk a little bit
Jeff Horowitz as as you investigated a
story about the safe itself was it kind
of an open secret like or was it were
there just like a lot of rumors running
around that this existed that did
everybody who worked there know there
were these catch and kill stories and
anti
zooom I mean you think about people
putting jewelry in safes or other
valuable things in safes but in 2018
wouldn't there be that information
somewhere else whatever it is they were
killing wouldn't it be on the original
reporter's computer harddrive er just
I'm trying to start wrap my head around
the whole safe idea in 2018 so yeah
there were there were at least partial
versions of these things elsewhere I
mean that's how we found out about dinos
to Juden the Trump doorman that's how
Joe Cole is although at the journal
first came up with the Karen McDougal
story and later the stormy story so
there are other pieces of this elsewhere
things we don't know exactly how much
stuff is there and by the way yes the
safe was known - I would say not
everyone in the Inquirer
but it was a known thing with within a
lot of the staff this was like an old
school school combination lock type
vault dating back you know I don't know
how many years it was family a pretty
old thing but it's I mean so when where
those documents went of course we don't
know we don't know if they have been
functionally turned over to the
government we don't know if they've been
destroyed we don't know if they've been
moved somewhere else for safekeeping
just that they're no longer where they
used to be
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
