so President Obama's former aides are
analyzed like members of an insurgent
Network in a memo that reportedly
circulated inside the Trump White House
in early 2017 that's according to New
Yorker magazine which reports on it in a
document entitled the echo chamber that
accuses Obama officials of an organized
effort to undermine Trump's foreign
policy according to the memo which has
not been confirmed by NBC News the aides
are said to be quote coordinating the
daily weekly battle rhythm known as the
war room the memo calls Obama advisor
Ben Rhodes likely the brain behind this
operation and Biden aide : call as a
likely ops chief Rhodes in call told The
New Yorker there was no echo chamber
network ops chief or virtual war room
with us now staff writer for The New
Yorker
Adam ettus who co-authored the article
with Ronan Farrow also with this White
House correspondent for PBS Newshour
yummy Sh Alton door so Adam tell us
about this continued obsession with the
Obama with the Obama team from the Trump
White House it got it sounds like
conspiracy theories being passed around
early the Trump administration yeah I
think we can we can sort of empathize to
a degree you know this was a you know
that we had an election you know and
people thought that when they came in
with the new administration they were
going to be able to institute their
policies and they saw a wave of leaks
and they saw a wave of criticism that
made it hard for them to do what they
what they thought they were going to be
able to do and so that fueled fever
dreams it fueled conspiracy theories on
all sides about who was behind the leaks
and who was orchestrating this and a
group of people seized on the idea that
there was this echo chamber that was
being run by Ben Rhodes who was Obama's
deputy national security adviser and
Colin call who was working for the vice
president because they were very active
on Twitter in particular and
and these people thought that that these
that these folks were organizing working
with the holdovers who were inside the
administration and had stayed over
during the transition to try to
undermine the new administration and
this memo is really a window into the
psychology of people who are working in
that very divided White House at that
time you know when you meet this
obsession with Barack Obama from Donald
Trump has been going on for years now
and in fact around this same time but
the memo was circulating around this
when Donald Trump made perhaps one of
his most infamous tweets early on a
Saturday morning and I remember the
panic it caused inside the White House
suggesting that Barack Obama was
crawling around inside of Trump Towers
tapping his phones during the campaign
and he sort of circled back to that this
past week didn't he I think that he
absolutely circled back to that this
week this is the president that it's
been openly talked about conspiracy
theories the fact that he had that
interview with Fox News where he used
air quotes to talk about the Department
of Justice this is someone that that has
been questioning whether or not the
United States and the people who work
for him are in fact part of this deep
state conspiracy theory I was out in
West Virginia this week there were so
many people voters supporters of
President Trump who believe that there's
some sort of calculated effort to
undermine his presidency and there's
this idea that people are really feeding
into this isn't just kind of a memo that
might be circulating the people are
questioning the question I have though
is how is this impacting the career
staffs ability to work
how do people deal with this if you have
people that think that they're part of a
deep state yeah no I think that you know
you have a you know obviously during
that period in 2017 there was a lot of
pressure to get rid of these people
and a lot of them kept in the summer of
2017 sort of moved out and they were
they were sent back to the agencies
where they had originated outside it
left they left the NSC and so you've had
this cycle there's no question that it's
impacted them they felt like they were
unfair
targeted for just doing their jobs
because they served in the Obama
administration and in some cases in the
Bush administration and and even before
that but they're associated with the
policies of their predecessors and you
had a team come into the White House
that wanted to disassociate this
president from all of those policies and
so naturally you know they did they
looked like they were out of place and
were naturally suspected and so you know
the the effort to get rid of them kind
of culminated in the summer of 17 and
you had a battle between kind of the
globalists who were inside the NSC and
the Nationalists led by Steve Bannon and
you had casualties basically on both
sides where we're you know Steve Bannon
was obviously pushed out and and later
HR McMaster was pushed pushed out had
him cool question Philip um from the
post so setting aside this idea that
there's this mastermind who who brought
us Obamacare which was not terribly
popular over the course of President
Obama's presidency is there any sense of
and you may not be up Lynch's there any
sense of was this a reflection of Donald
Trump's insistence on there being a
conspiracy that was out to get him this
was something that was that was driven
by him as trying to operate this thing
or was this in fact working the other
way that people came to him and said hey
we suspect this is the thing that's
happening and perhaps that helps trigger
his own sense that there was a
conspiracy it was not to get it I'm not
really sure actually what the originator
is I think a lot of a lot of Trump's
advisers or those that were looking to
get his attention and be his advisors
told him that they suspected that this
was what was going on behind the scenes
and so they fueled his his sense of
encirclement which he already felt
and this really played into his you know
these conspiracy theories that then he
propagated on his Twitter account about
for example
Trump Tower being tapped so I think it
was a you know kind of this circle where
everyone was sort of feeding into these
these theories and and again you can
sort of again understand a little bit
about why they got to this place
if you go back in time to that period of
2017 you had an incredible number of
leaks that were coming out and if you
were the people who were harmed by those
leaks I think it is very natural to feel
defensive and to try to look for ways to
figure out what is happening and to try
to combat the problem yep certainly is
thank you so much Adam we really
appreciate it and we'll be reading your
your story in The New Yorker you meet at
the end of the week right now it seems
like Jeff Sessions is center stage where
does that conflict go between the
president and his attorney general I
think this conflict is only gonna
escalate before Jeff Sessions came out
with that steam and everyone was saying
all around Washington what Jeff Sessions
gonna do is he gonna start try to stay
quiet and just keep his job and keep his
head down which is what he's really been
doing for most of the time that he's
been Attorney General but yesterday when
he said he wasn't gonna be influenced by
political things and that he wasn't
essentially gonna be bullied by this
president that tells me that Jeff
sessions is starting to feel as though
he has to push back publicly he has to
speak out and and talk about his
reputation and that means that that's
gonna make Donald Trump even more angry
so president Trump feels as though he
can't fire Jeff Sessions because of all
sorts of reasons with a chief among them
that senators say that they have his
back but I think that if Java if Donald
Trump continues to be angry at Jeff
Sessions we could start seeing being on
Jeff Sessions Watch I know yesterday I
was calling sources just to try to
figure out is Jeff Sessions gonna be in
his job today all right we'll be
following that closely thanks so much
Jim each Alton door we appreciate you
being here Philip bump thank you as well
and still I had the two people who
prosecutors say helped keep the
president and his affair secret during
the election have now turned on him
first his former fixer now his favorite
tabloid CEO morning gel we'll be back in
one minute thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and in
n-b-c thanks so much for watching
