you take a look at the people that work
for Hillary Clinton I mean look at the
crimes that Clinton did so let me get
this straight
while Cohen and Manta fort are facing
serious prison sentences
everyone in Hillary Clinton's orbit is
getting off scot-free
it is really selective prosecution
because there are people like this in
Hillary's orbit it's president Trump and
his defenders making the case that it is
really Hillary Clinton's people who
should be prosecuted it continues it's
just it's crazy Rudy Giuliani yesterday
said quote let's go DOJ wake up
there's the indictment Clinton's not
above the law
but as Eric Erickson wrote Eric Erickson
a conservative of course unlike so many
people who are trumpets these days quote
you can say but Hillary all you want but
the reality is Donald Trump would have
been indicted over this Cohen stuff if
you were not President of the United
States with us now let's bring in a
member of the Foreign Relations
Committee and also Judiciary Committee's
Democratic senator Chris Coons of
Delaware senator not going to waste time
talking about the but Hillary questions
I want to talk about Brett Kavanaugh
there's some Democrats that have been
saying I'm not going to even talk to
Brett Kavanaugh because he's an
illegitimate nominee because the man who
put him up for the Supreme Court it's
under investigation is that really any
sort of standard to run this process by
well Jo I don't think we should be
moving ahead with the confirmation
hearings until we've gotten access to
all the information about Judge
Cavanaugh he played a critical role in
the Bush administration for a number of
years right that's that's different than
what I'm saying though I bet that's
legitimate if you if you want to say how
am I supposed to make a decision if
you're going to selectively give me
documents I need to see everything
regarding Clinton impeachment I need to
see everything that he did for the Bush
administration that's one thing but it's
another thing to say I'm not going to
even talk and talk to him but
Donald Trump is under investigation
which has been the argument made by a
couple of Democrats over the past
several days is that legitimate well Joe
one of the main things I focused on with
judge Cavanaugh yesterday was the very
sharp concerns raised by Paul Manafort
conviction on eight felony counts and
Michael Cohen's pleading to eight felony
counts and the questions that raises
about judge Cavanaugh's record his
printed record his spoken record on
presidential accountability I do think
these two things connect because Judge
Cavanaugh has one of the strongest
records of any circuit court judge in
publicly saying that he questions
whether or not we can hold the president
accountable through things like a
special counsel investigation
so I spent time yesterday pressing him
on what he has said and written in the
past questioning the validity of US v
Nixon a landmark case in which the
Supreme Court unanimously compelled
President Nixon to give up evidence in
response to a criminal subpoena judge
Kavanagh as you know worked for Judge
Starr on the Starr investigation into
the Clinton administration and after
that made a number of public statements
and wrote in different law journal
articles things that really gave me
pause there's other reasons why folks
might have concerns about judge Kavanagh
his views on access to health care his
views on whether or not pre-existing
conditions will be protected his views
on affirmative action but I really
focused on presidential accountability
and that's the way in which Jo I do
think these two issues connect well and
they certainly connect that way and
again it's important for our viewers to
understand that the senator is correct
Brett Kavanaugh made many of these
statements about presidential authority
that concerned me concerned a lot of
Americans but they were made before
Donald Trump was president so I mean he
he believes it has nothing to do with
Donald Trump but still causes real
concerns but again I'll just ask it to
you simply shouldn't Democrats all
Democrats sit down and talk to Brett
Kavanaugh if they want to be more fair
than how Republic
were to Merrick garland yes I think a
key part of doing our job as members of
the Judiciary Committee is to go ahead
and interview the nominee and go ahead
and bring the strongest arguments we can
to help the American people see what
concerns we have about Judge Cavanaugh
it's doesn't mean we aren't angry and
upset about the timing and the process
about the way that Judge Merrick garland
was mistreated but frankly the hearings
are going to begin on September 4th and
I concluded that if I'm going to be
ready to do my job I needed to sit down
with Judge Cavanaugh yesterday no matter
how much I might object to the idea of
our moving forward at this time without
all the documents we should have senator
it's Jonathan Lemire earlier in the show
we were talking we noted the number of
Republican senators yesterday for the
first time sort of suggested that it
would be okay
if President Trump removed his Attorney
General Jeff Sessions you have spoken
out in the past about what a concern
that would be to you so let me ask you
this how troubled are you by yesterday's
statements and are you talking to
Republican colleagues urging them not to
do this what sort of consequences could
we see here I am and as you know well
I've worked hard with Senator Tillis
senator Graham senator Booker the four
of us to move forward a piece of
legislation that would protect special
counsel Muller and his investigation
from interference by the president I'm
grateful for the partnership that those
senators have shown in making sure that
this special counsel and future special
counsels are more strongly protected
from presidential interference I am
concerned about the statements made by a
number of my colleagues yesterday that
suggests they'd be okay with attorney
general sessions being replaced
I think Eugene Robinson earlier in your
show made the point correctly part of
what's going on here is saying to the
president look we can deal with this
after the election the reality is it'd
be very hard for the Trump
administration to confirm someone who so
closely shares their agenda which I
strongly oppose on a range of issues
like voting rights like immigration Jeff
Sessions as Attorney General is blocking
criminal justice for bipartisan criminal
justice reform
he has an agenda on a range of things
that puts him at the far right end of
the Republican caucus and I think the
president is ill-advised to think that
by getting rid of Jeff Sessions he would
improve his legal prospects in the next
year or so Senator Phillip um from the
Washington Post
I'm curious based on your conversation
with Cavanaugh yesterday were there a
situation in which he is appointed to
the court and then there is a subpoena
issued by the Mahler investigators to
the president what's your sense of where
Cavanaugh would fall on that decision it
should go to the Supreme Court which I
think we all assumed it would well
that's exactly what I'm most concerned
about he was very forthcoming he spoke
to the issue fairly directly and he
tried to put his comments about a key
case Morrison V Olson and US v Nixon he
tried to put them in context and say oh
that was a different time it was a
different place I said it in this way I
said it meaning this I'm gonna spend the
weekend in the coming week reading into
his decisions one of the things that
troubled me most is the ways in which
Judge Cavanaugh has repeatedly cited a
Scalia dissent even this year when the
DC Circuit on which he serves has
renewed their citation of Morrison is
good law and Cavanaugh continues to
oppose that and resist that in a way
that would strengthen his idea of the
unitary executive meaning that the
president can't be held fully
accountable and the president might be
able to fire a special counsel or void
having to respond to a subpoena I know
I'm getting somewhat technical on the
legal issues at the end of the day what
matters here is is the president above
the law and able to evade accountability
I'm concerned by a lot of Judge
Cavanaugh's record in this area there
certainly is a lot of writing out there
a lot of things he said that causes
concerns for a lot of people whether
they're liberal moderate or conservative
Senator Chris coats
thank you so much for being with us we
appreciate it as always thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
