and speaking of looking worse and worse
as John Heilemann showed us the tabloids
New York tabloids yet another one of the
president's allies appears to have
turned on him NBC News has confirmed
that David pecker the publisher of the
National Enquirer and a longtime
acquaintance of Donald Trump he's been
granted immunity in the federal
investigation into Michael Cohen
according to court documents the
tabloids parent company American media
sought to keep former Playboy model
Karen McDougal silent about her alleged
affair with Donald Trump by paying her
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars
for the rights to her story and as we've
reported the president's former fixer
Michael Cohen pleaded guilty to campaign
finance violations that were connected
to that payment and many implicated
Donald Trump saying the then candidate
Trump directed and coordinated what most
prosecutors would say it wasn't a legal
campaign contribution and of and and it
was by the way I've heard a lot of
people said talking of her Donald Trump
talking about it that was an illegal
campaign contribution to himself and the
fact that Donald Trump said oh I I did
it my said no it's aimed that the
purpose of it was aimed at keeping an
embarrassing story under wraps right
before an election you can't I mean you
can't write a check for $10,000 to
yourself before the the election without
reporting it let alone as much as he did
now according to The Wall Street Journal
peckers assistants and peers have played
a vital role in what transpired with
Cohen earlier this week and then there's
also the new reporting on the power that
david Packer may hold over the president
five people who are familiar with the
national Enquirer's parent company
american media tells the AAP that the
company kept a safe containing damaging
stories on the president you just kind
of wonder how big that safe was had to
be a big safe including documents of the
hush money payments to women who claim
to have had affairs with the president
they said the safe was a great source of
power for the tabloid CEO and former
employees
so tell the AAP that the tabloid has
been protecting the president for more
than a decade and that negative stories
about Trump were quote dead on arrival
dating back to his time on the
apprentice the AAP is also reporting
that fearful the documents might be used
against American media pecker and the
company's chief content up so remove
them from the safe in the weeks before
Trump's inauguration according to one
person that was directly familiar with
the events it's not exactly clear
whether the documents were destroyed are
simply moved to a safer location the AAP
also obtained a March letter to House
Democrats in which American media
generals counsel quote any suggestion
that it would seek to extort the
president the United States through the
exercise of its editorial discretion is
outrageous offensive and wholly without
merit
Jonathan allomere The Associated Press
obviously breaking this story again
here's another example of a guy who was
an acquaintance or a friend with Donald
Trump who's now flipped on him
of course to protect himself but also
showing the transactional nature of
every one of Donald Trump's
relationships through the years that's
right and this is great reporting by my
colleagues at the AAP Jeff Ward's chief
among them but it's it continues a trend
we have seen for a president who talked
so much about loyalty who tells people
around him that he wants his own in Eric
Holder or Bobby Bobby Kennedy in terms
of the Attorney General and he's upset
that Jeff Sessions betrayed him in his
words by recusing himself on the Russian
organization this is happening more and
more frequently whether is Omarosa or
Michael Cohen we're now David pecker
where people are out to save themselves
that there is they realized that loyalty
with Donald Trump is a one-way street
that he doesn't show much for them and
here in a time of true crisis they are
not going to show much in return and the
role of the National Enquirer in the
American an ami is really a fascinating
one at Donald Trump's rise I mean it was
positive story after positive story
during those early months of the
campaign to help him sort of block out
the Sun in terms of the other candidates
running for president in 2015 and then
into 2016
and Jonathan we talked about it on the
show a good bit it was pretty remarkable
how during the campaign
ben Carson goes ahead in Republican
polls suddenly you have the National
Enquirer doing a story saying he left a
sponge inside the brain of one of his
patients and and almost killed them when
Michael Flynn in fact inside the White
House when Michael Flynn was was about
to get fired that week early that week
you had the National Enquirer saying
Trump has rooted out the Russian spy in
his White House and it's none other than
general Flynn and of course Trump fires
him a couple days later it was pretty
easy to see and pretty easy if we saw it
then I'm sure the Special Counsel has
seen it that whenever David Packer went
after somebody that person would would
be a target of Donald Trump's you're
right it's been incredibly valuable for
Donald Trump and let's remember earlier
this year the National Enquirer put out
a negative story about Michael Cohen
just as this was just as the soon after
the raid into his office and such with
many people around Cohen I know
interpreted as a warning shot from the
president like be careful you know and
look the contents of this vault remain a
mystery to this point Trump is not the
only celebrity apparently who has you
know he perhaps damaging stories has
been locked away by The Enquirer you
know who David pecker has potentially to
wield influence over them and certainly
in terms of the reporting that we've
done a source of great frustration to
the reporters who work at The Enquirer
and ami some of whom some of whom do
very good work and who felt like they
had the ability to they've had career
making stories disappear because pecker
was trying to protect his friends yeah
you know you talk about career making
stories it's fascinating they actually
had a story on John Edwards that had it
been picked up and had it been followed
chances are very good that Barack Obama
would have never been president of the
United States John Edwards was splitting
the vote at the time and nobody followed
that story and so Edwards stayed in the
race just long enough to split the vote
and again I'm not I'm not saying
anything by the way if you're a Barack
Obama fan this is not negative against
the former president this is just the
reality
he was splitting the vote and but nobody
really followed that Enquirer story
people said it was trash of course it
ended up being the truth Barbara McQuade
from idle speculation on my part to hard
cold facts on yours tell us about what's
the impact of David Packer is starting
to cooperate with Robert Muller's
investigation well the cooperation of
David pecker could be a very significant
fact in this investigation because it
gives prosecutors something they really
love which is the opportunity to cut out
a witness who has a lot of baggage like
Michael Cohen up until now he's been the
only link to president Trump's
involvement in this if you can instead
get someone like David pecker who has
more credibility and who can document
things with documents in his safe
now you don't may not even need to call
Michael Cohen as a witness at any trial
you can instead go to David pecker who
is going to have not only testimony but
likely documents I think the other
significant fact that comes out of this
is the shifting stories we're seeing now
from President Trump this is something
prosecutors identifies a red flag of
what's known as consciousness of guilt
first it was there was no payment then
it was I didn't know about the payment
now it's well I know about the payment
but that's not a crime that shifting
stories suggest that he feels like he
has had something to hide and that also
is important evidence so I think this is
an important development in the
investigation well Barbara also the
consciousness of guilt I think I've
heard you talk about that before heard
other prosecutors talk about that before
no where does that play more importantly
in this Russian probe than the meeting
at Trump Tower they say now Oh doesn't
matter there's nothing to it everybody
does it we'll know if everybody did it
if it was just a matter what people do
as a matter of course then of course
they wouldn't have lied about it from
the beginning said the meeting was about
adoption said the meeting was about
something else said that nobody knew
about the meeting said they didn't know
I mean Donald Trump's still lying saying
or Rudy Giuliani's saying well they
didn't even know
that this lawyer was from Russia there's
a isn't that a perfect example of
consciousness of guilt they knew what
they were doing would make them guilty
so they lied about it from the very
beginning yes and so I think that's
significant for two reasons one is
intent is really important in these
kinds of cases juries are instructed to
look at the totality of the
circumstances of what a person said and
did to determine whether they had a
corrupt intent and what they're doing
and so I think those shifting stories is
really important there I think the other
thing that's important is this makes it
all the more important to find out what
Paul Manafort knows and I still think
there's some possibility that he could
flip because he was present at that
meeting and I think that when you're
Robert Muller your job is not so much to
get President Trump as it is a quest for
the truth what really happened and Paul
Manafort was present at that meeting and
so if I were Robert Muller I would still
find value in having him cooperate if
you could find out what really happened
at that meeting and barbara's stick
around because I want to ask you about
the jurors forum absolutely fascinating
that the foreman of the jury decided
they sort of go against regular practice
and actually talk about on the forum
that there was only one juror holding
out and you have to ask who was that one
juror I'm not saying I want to root
anybody out but very fascinating that
only one juror held out on ten counts
fascinating
some might say ridiculous obviously the
jurors believed other jurors believed
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
