day 581 of the Trump administration and
just tonight a short time ago in fact
new legal troubles potentially for the
President on a new front will let the
New York Times tell it quote the
Manhattan district attorney's office is
considering pursuing criminal charges
against the Trump Organization and two
senior company officials in connection
with Michael Cohen's hush-money payment
to an adult film actress according to
two officials with knowledge of the
matter a state investigation would
Center on how the company accounted for
its reimbursements to mr. Cohen for the
$130,000 he paid to the actress
Stephanie Clifford who has said she had
an affair with President Trump close
quote mostly along those same lines a
big story today had to do with a
longtime friend of the president who has
apparently turned on him The Wall Street
Journal broke the news that the
publisher of the National Enquirer David
pecker has been granted immunity by
federal prosecutors for providing
information about Michael Cohen a person
familiar with the matter has confirmed
the report to NBC News make no mistake
this is a big development as one Trump
friend told Vanity Fair holy expletive I
thought pecker would be the last one to
turn pecker has known Trump for decades
he helped that catch and kill negative
stories about him
according to Michael Cohen peckers
company paid Karen McDougal exclusive
rights for her account of an affair with
Donald Trump and never published it
Trump has denied her account for the
record this week Michael Cohen admitted
in court that he was directed by Trump
to coordinate payments to mcdougal as
well as stormy Daniels aka her real name
Stephanie Clifford to keep negative
information from influencing the 2016
election also tonight the AP reports
that according to five sources the
National Enquirer quote kept a safe
containing documents on hush money
payments and other damaging stories it
killed as part of its cozy relationship
with Donald Trump leading up to the 2016
presidential election according to the
AP fearful that the documents might be
used against a
American media pecker and the company's
chief content officer Dylan Howard
removed them from the safe in the weeks
before Trump's inauguration according to
one person directly familiar with the
events more on all of this later the
president has been telling his side of
the story concerning the two Cohen
related payments here's how he explained
them to Fox News did you direct him
today he made the deal he made the deals
and by the way he played to two counts
that aren't a crime which nobody
understands I watched a number of shows
sometimes you get some pretty good
information by watching shows those two
counts aren't even a crime they weren't
campaign finance a later on I knew later
on they didn't come out of the campaign
they came from me remember we've heard
the president on audiotape talked about
one of the payments and with that answer
there the president could just have
admitted to possibly violating another
campaign finance law because if that
money came from him Trump would have had
to report it as a campaign expenditure
something he did not do president also
took issue with Cohen's guilty plea and
suggested that cooperating with
authorities in any form should be
against the law if you're saying the
payments if they're not illegal then why
would he even why would he use that
information for because he because he
makes a better deal when he uses me this
whole thing about flipping they call it
I know all about flipping for thirty
forty years I've been watching flippers
everything's wonderful and then they get
ten years in jail and they they flip on
whoever the next highest one is or as
high as you can go
it almost sort of be outlawed if you can
say something bad about Donald Trump and
you'll go down to two years or three
years which is the deal he made in all
fairness to him most people are going to
do that and I've seen it many times I've
had many friends involved in this stuff
it's called flipping and it almost ought
to be illegal also tonight there are
reports the president has considered a
possible pardon for Paul Manafort but to
use plain English here there are as many
conflicting reports as there are a
number of media interviews
people conducted today with Rudolph
Guiliani who as fate would have it is in
Scotland playing golf at a Trump golf
course The Washington Post says Giuliani
told the paper the president asked his
legal team about pardoning manna for
several weeks ago and that they advised
him to wait till after the Muller
investigation was over Giuliani has also
spoken to the New York Times telling on
paper that similar discussions about a
pardon were initiated by the lawyers and
not by the president Giuliani spoke to
NBC News as well and he told us the
president never specifically sought his
lawyer's advice several weeks ago on
whether to pardon manna fort and that
they talked about quote pardons in
general tonight the White House denies
that a pardon is being discussed and
that no decision has been made
meanwhile as the president grapples with
his legal challenges and the
investigations of his associates he is
taking aim once again at his attorney
general Jeff Sessions who has been one
of his most loyal lieutenants in this
administration coming up you'll hear the
president's latest complaints about the
job that sessions is doing but first
here now is how Trump describes his own
job performance what grade do you give
yourself so far so I give myself an A+ I
don't think any president has ever done
what I've done in this short we haven't
even been two years I would honestly
give myself an A+ and so would many
other people on that note let's bring in
our leadoff panel on a Thursday night
Robert Costa national political reporter
for The Washington Post and moderator of
the a-plus Washington week on PBS Jill
Colvin White House reporter for The
Associated Press Frank Philosopher's FBI
assistant director for
counterintelligence who in the past has
worked for among others robert muller
and Ellie Koenig is back with us former
assistant US attorney for the Southern
District of New York also happens to be
former assistant attorney general for
the state of New Jersey welcome to you
all Frank because of your year a near
unique resume I'd like to begin with you
first of all what should people think
about this New York Times story tonight
Manhattan da eyeing potential charges
against Trump organization and two
senior execs
this is this is a very interesting
development and it's it's interesting
for three reasons first remember the
president cannot pardon someone
especially his own organization for
state or local crimes secondly this is
showing that there's increasing pain
being brought to anyone associated with
this president and when you bring pain
with two Associates of the president you
increase the likelihood that people
cooperate as they assess that
cost-benefit analysis and third Brian
while the US Department of Justice may
well have a legal a legal memo in their
files discouraging the indictment of a
sitting president there's no such memo
in the Manhattan DA's office or in the
state attorney general's office in New
York Frank when I heard the president's
words today I thought of all of you all
of the former feds we have affiliated
who have become friends of this
broadcast and appear with us often he is
supposed to be the protector and
upholder of the rule of law and there he
was today talking about so-called
flipping
coming out against cooperating with
government prosecutors it's becoming
increasingly clear Brian that this
president never truly had long-term or
national interest at heart it's all
about his self-interest and what's
ironic increasingly ironic is that a man
who is driven entirely by his
self-interest is being done in by
co-operators who are operating on the
same premise they're looking out for
themselves so he's being burned by
people who operate by the same
philosophy he does le Hoenig you've been
justifiably so proud watching these past
few days the attorneys at your former
jurisdiction Southern District of New
York comport themselves and carry out
what what it is they carried out what
did you make of hearing the president's
words today about cooperating with the
government I was stunned and I think
Frank hit the nail on the head it's all
about the president's self-interest who
are the people who truly fear and
despise cooperating witnesses they are
the heads of major criminal
organizations drug traffickers
mob bosses corrupt CEOs corrupt
politicians the United States Department
of Justice has made some of the most
consequential cases in its history
relying in part on cooperating witnesses
terrorist attacks massive financial
frauds in fact this president says he's
gonna be the one who's going to bring
down ms-13 and street gangs I'll tell
you what without cooperating witnesses
he's never going to touch the real
leaders of those organizations jail talk
about your nose organizations reporting
on this safe
apparently inside the headquarters there
at the National Enquirer yeah my
colleague Jeff Horowitz who has really
been covering the ami story for I feel
like over a year at this point maybe
longer and talked to former ami
employees a lot of these folks are under
American media international exactly
it's the company that owns the National
Enquirer a lot of these folks are under
a confidentiality agreement of what they
told Jeff was that there was actually a
safe that was in the offices there that
was used to store all of the documents
that had to do with the various hush
fund payments documents related to the
Trump hush money settlements but also
related to other celebrities you know
the way that the National Enquirer
appears to have worked is they had this
catch and kill policy whereby they would
pay people for their stories in an
effort to prevent them from ever being
published it was something that really
frustrated writers who worked there
because you get a big scoop and then
you've got your bosses telling you no
this can never get out there this can
never be published and and what the
Kohen court filings have revealed and
these employees revealed is this pattern
of you know working with people but
especially Trump in this relationship
that Cohen had with this organization
kind of actively using them to try to
find out whether there are any stories
brewing out there and then sending them
after to kill them children that
includes stories against opponents did
that include commissioning stories
against people like Hillary Clinton I
know we have a montage of some of their
covers in the past you know I'm glad you
mentioned that it's really interesting
I'm you know so as early as 2010
employees said that Cohen and the
National Enquirer were in conversations
it was as early as 2010 that the
National Enquirer was running stories
kind of boosting the president's
presidential ambitions you know linking
to a website that Khoa
it helps set up to boost the president's
name recognition and there was a series
of stories if you go back throughout the
election in which the National Inquirer
wrote no negative stories about
President Trump and had story after
story that was deeply negative not only
to Hillary Clinton but you'll remember
their Ted Cruz coverage some really
ridiculous
allegations that the president then used
on the campaign trail to try to
discredit Ted Cruz and you sort of see
this pattern you see this pattern of
this news organization I use the term
news organization very loosely I'm this
organization you know seemingly working
on behalf of Trump's campaign and I
imagine a lot more will be coming out
bob Kosti you had the president today
seemingly divorced from his role as the
head of a law-abiding society you've
always been a very good
West Wing Whisperer and interpreter by
how much is there a sense that the walls
may be closing in there's a sense of
shock inside of this White House because
of the double-barreled legal news that
happened on Tuesday still reeling from
that in most respects and the president
has become isolated but he was isolated
in many ways over the past few weeks
operating from the executive residence
at the White House in the same way he'd
operate from Trump Tower
he's been unhappy with Michael Cohen the
person he relied upon to talk to people
like David pecker to keep him in the
tabloids to handle situations behind the
scenes now he feels betrayed he's been
named the candidates been named by Cohen
in court and so now it's been brought to
the presidency and so many people around
and when you listen to Sarah Sanders the
press secretary and others they keep
saying they're not talking about pardons
in the White House but that doesn't mean
the president's not talking about manna
fort and Cohen with people like Giuliani
playing golf in Scotland hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
