thing one tonight there's a
congressional district in California the
50th district that is unlike the vast
majority of districts in that big blue
state because it is very red the most
red district in Southern California
rated R plus 11 by the cook Political
Report not quite Mississippi red but
quite quite red and there is a Democrat
running for that congressional seat his
name is Ammar campa√±a har and he's a 29
year old Palestinian mexican-american
who's never run for office before and
he's campaigning on Medicare for all and
against income inequality okay well good
luck with that you might say except that
for some reason the cook Political
Report this week changed that race
rating from solid Republican to lean
Republican and why would that be you
might ask because California's 50th is
congressman Duncan Hunter district and
Duncan Hunter is having a really bad
week
nothing to in 60 seconds
since 1980
California's 50th district has had a
duncan hunter as its congressman first
it was Duncan Hunter senior and then
Duncan Hunter jr. now you may remember
Duncan Hunter jr. as the vaping
congressman or as the offended by art
congressman who pulled down a high
schoolers award-winning painting from a
wall on Capitol Hill but this week
Duncan Hunter jr. is the indicted
congressman one of a couple actually we
should know hunter and his wife
allegedly used campaign funds for
personal expenses including $600 to buy
an airline seat for the PAMP family's
pet rabbit today the hunters had to
appear in federal court in San Diego and
there was a welcome committee waiting
for them outside
today duncan hunter step down from his
congressional committees but he says
he's still running for reelection
meanwhile his challenger is positioning
himself as the candidate who has not
been indicted crucially quote I don't
like rabbits that much hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
