on the day Donald Trump's former
campaign manager was found guilty on
eight felony counts and his personal
attorney / fixer pled guilty to eat
criminal charges the channel we called
Trump TV ran a live Trump rally in its
entirety Timmy
tell me what you thought of the
president's remarks in light of
everything that's happened today in the
news well he was on his game frankly
more than I've even seen him he clearly
loves what he's doing still this is an
unflappable man crossing it it's been a
weird week over at Trump TV faced with
unquestionably awful headlines the
president the network has veered from
furiously trying to spin the bad news
away to trying to distract viewers with
stories about things like get this a
school in San Francisco dropping its
dress code meanwhile attempts of damage
control like this morning's interview
with the president have gone hilariously
awry like when the president explicitly
admitted that he did in fact pay off two
women to keep their stories of affairs
with him secret did you know about the
payments later on I knew they weren't
taken out of campaign finance that's a
big thing that's a much bigger thing did
they come out of the campaign they
didn't come out of the campaign they
came from me
that's him corroborating what Michael
Kohn basically said in federal court
about the crime last night Trump TVs
efforts took particularly gross an ugly
turn with a fear-mongering quote-unquote
exclusive segment about efforts by the
South African government attempting to
redress historical racial inequity and
continuing racial inequity by
expropriating the land of some white
farmers now the issue itself is
complicated and thorny in a million
different ways but it has been seized on
by white nationalists and neo-nazis and
the International alt-right who have
taken to railing against what they call
white genocide and yesterday their
message about white genocide traveled
from white nationalists and white
supremacist to Alex Jones who
hysterically weren't a whites being
wiped out in Africa - you'll never guess
where Trump TV or the network's fear
mongering coverage was being watched by
the president who tweeted about what he
claimed was the large-scale killing of
South African farmers was the first time
Trump had tweeted the word Africa as
president and it promptly earned praise
from none other than David Duke
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
