Trump asked his lawyers for legal advice
about pardoning Paul Manafort Rudy
Giuliani telling the Washington Post
Trump's lawyers told him to hold off
until the Muller probe is over and that
Trump agreed in a moment I'm gonna go to
our panel on all of this stories
breaking today but we do want to begin
with the reporter who broke that
Manafort story The Washington Post's
Carol Lennox she joins us now live from
Washington DC Carol good to have you
with us this evening bring this up to
speed on what exactly Rudy Giuliani told
you so when we talked this afternoon
Rudy and I were talking about a lot of
things he was in Scotland it was sort of
later in the evening there but I had a
lot of questions for him about some of
the issues that have been arising in the
last few days and some of the
president's tweets and Michael Cohen's
guilty plea agreement so anyway what he
said essentially was that the president
had sought his and also Jay Sekulow
advice on whether or not to pardon man
afford and the timing of that and he
said later that this was really a
conversation about everyone linked to
the probe and he said that his advice
and seculars advice to the president was
you can't do this now you have to wait
the public opinion about you pardoning
any of these individuals is going to be
quite dubious and you should hold off in
making those decisions now I want to
give Rudy some credit as well he called
me back later after we posted the story
and wanted to stress that he had
remembered it imprecisely and actually
he feels like this conversation happened
weeks earlier than he thought first he
thought it was three to five weeks ago
he called back and said he thinks now
maybe it was two months ago a senior
administration official believes that
the president discussed this with his
aides
a few weeks ago Carol do you get a sense
though that the timing of that
conversation occurred while the mana for
trial was under way again I'm gonna
credit Rudy Giuliani and in his last a
corrected statement in which he says to
me that he believes it was quite a bit
longer before that
trial now mana fort was facing a lot of
charges in a pretty damning case of tax
evasion and bank fraud it was fairly you
know high odds that he was going to be
convicted based on those case based on
those charges and the evidence that the
government had but again I'm just gonna
let Giuliani say what he wants to say
which is that now he remembers it really
probably was in June rather than in
August so further further along than
what then recently did you get a sense
at all Carroll from your conversation
with Rudy Giuliani as to why today did
he mention this I mean he's obviously
given a lot of interviews in the past
was it your reading of his intent that
maybe he was trying to send a signal to
Paul Manafort I don't try to speculate
or read people's intent I take them at
their word I quote them verbatim and
what Giuliani was doing was what he does
whenever we talk which is he answered my
question I said have you discussed a
mana fort pardon with the president and
he said yes fair enough okay Carolina
appreciate it thank you very much and
not to the panel who may help us try to
understand what all of this means and
the day's fast-moving developments while
Trump is looking friendly toward Paul
manna Ford he appears to feel
differently toward this man
all right so Trump today trying to
create distance from Michael Cohen
Michael Cohen tell me about your
relationship with him well he was a
lawyer for me for one of many yeah you
know they would say the lawyer and then
they like to add the fixer well I don't
know if there's a fixer he's been a
lawyer from they didn't do big deals to
small deals not somebody that was with
me that much you know they make it sound
like I didn't live with without him that
he was somebody that was probably with
me for about ten years and I would see
him sometimes almost sounds like he's
trying to make it sound like he's the
Trump organizations coffee boy but
that's far from reality Cohen work for
Trump for over a decade on deals like a
Trump Tower in Moscow his office was a
few doors down from trumps in a space
previously used by his daughter Ivanka
and Trump's only pushing Cohen away
after his guilty plea today we learned
new details about that case prosecutors
granted immunity to Trump friend and
tabloid executive David pecker who told
them about the payments Cohen made the
silence women alleging affairs with
Trump but Cohen isn't the only lawyer
Trump's going after today I put an
attorney general that never took control
of the Justice Department Jeff Sessions
never took control of the Justice
Department and
it's a sort of an incredible thing all
right so that outburst prompting a rare
public response from sessions who says
he quote took control of the Department
of Justice the day he was sworn in and
that it won't be improperly influenced
by political considerations with me now
former Congresswoman Elizabeth Holtzman
who was a member of the House Judiciary
Committee voted to impeach then
President Richard Nixon Jess Macintosh a
former aide to Hillary Clinton betsy
Woodruff of The Daily Beast and former
federal prosecutor John Flannery great
to have all of you with us so lots to
break down this hour congressman if I
may I'll begin with you Trump on one
hand slamming his own Attorney General
Jeff Sessions the man he put in there
saying he did it because of his loyalty
he also went after Michael Cohen but
seems that at least floating the idea
through various comments either through
Rudy Giuliani or ambiguous answers on
Fox News that he is considering a pardon
for Paul Manafort what do you make of
this well I you know I'm gonna go back
to Watergate and I'm gonna say that part
of the articles of impeachment that was
voted by the House Judiciary that were
voted by the House Judiciary Committee
had to do with offers of pardons to the
burglars to keep them quiet
let's just not forget that that was part
of it the President of the United States
authorized pardons for people the
burglars to keep them quiet are you
seeing parallels at least maybe not
necess what are the parallels is it the
tone yeah but I'm saying like maybe back
then they were a little bit more
explicit right now we're not having a
single person from the White House
coming on saying yes he will pardon Paul
man afford and you don't need to say yes
right well that was very secret the
pardon snow the hush money was secret
the pardons were secret that was part of
the cover-up that got Richard Nixon
re-elected what are the parallels
president the United States knows Donald
Trump knows that metaphor it may have
some very very damning information about
him
it could even be criminal it could even
have to do with collusion remember manna
fort was in Ukraine dealing with the
president of Ukraine Putin was
supporting that guy and now manna Ford
becomes the campaign manager manna Fort
may know
they know a lot so wouldn't you want to
keep mana for its mouth shut and this is
not the first time by the way that we
know that issues of with regard to
pardons have come out I mean Rudy
doesn't just spill out stuff that's not
relevant he's sending a message to mana
fort keep your mouth shut don't say it
just I see that you're kind of wanting
to get in on this part of the
conversation thanks your take the
congressman is absolutely correct about
this there are and it's hard to keep
track because we literally had that
Tuesday split screen courtroom situation
but there are actually two criminal
conspiracies that were involved in
putting Donald Trump in the White House
that right now don't have much to do
with each other you have Michael Cohen
and the hush money to the mistresses you
have Paul Manafort who is at the crux of
the collusion conversation and right now
Trump and his team seem really adamant
about moving the goal posts to say that
this hush money to mistresses doesn't
matter of course it does it violates US
law but there's no collusion and we
don't have that and they seem pretty
sure that they can be out on a limb with
that and I think that's probably because
they seem pretty confident that Paul
Manafort will keep his mouth shut
perhaps because of a possible pardon
hanging out there for him
yeah to quote the president he says a
crime is not a crime or he's at least
suggest and that like Michael Cohen did
is not a crime John let me ask you
really quickly can Donald Trump really
distance himself here from Michael Cohen
well I don't know if you know somebody
for 10 years it gets a little hard and
you know he was described as a fixer by
no less than Rudy Giuliani who said
that's what we do at law firms and then
he lost his job the next day which tells
us that maybe law firms have a better
ethical standard than Rudy and the Beast
if you will I don't see how he gets away
from it and if you just even listen to
the one tape recording we had it sort of
puts the light of this whole mess about
the girlfriends and that is that he he's
in a conversation and it's all about the
campaign one is about talking of two
reverends in the south somewhere another
is about whether Ivana's divorce and
those details will come out before the
election is over and then the third one
is how do we pay off
am i how do we do that and he says cache
that his Trump says cash and his Cohen
comes back and says no no we'll do it by
checks and we now know that that turned
out not to be a good idea for a couple
of reasons including it would identify
the fact that there was no journalistic
behavior on the part of AMI and the
National Enquirer so they they stopped
that but we have the other example in
which plainly cash is being channelled
around and it's not from a campaign and
it's from Trump and Trump is being
contradicted by Cohen and details and
facts and all sorts of things but that's
what he does let me share with you guys
some some in news that we were getting
here and you talked about am i in the
david pecker situation obviously he's
agreed or at least received an agreement
of sorts - in the Michael Cohen
connection about the payments but we got
this wire from the AP a short while ago
the national Enquirer's say felt
damaging Trump's stories and in it Jeff
Horowitz writes the National Inquirer
kept a safe containing documents on hush
money payments and other damaging
stories it killed as part of its cozy
relationship with Donald Trump leading
up to 2016 presidential election people
familiar with the arrangement have told
The Associated Press we have that up
there on the screen so another
interesting layer and development here
Betsy let me ask you really quickly
about Cohen's plea because Trump said
today that Cohn's plea was really about
other business it wasn't about crime
take a listen he was in another business
totally unrelated to me where I guess
there was fraud involved and loans and
taxicabs and all sorts of things nothing
to do with me because he had an outside
business he worked for me you could
really say it was more or less part-time
yet other businesses you know the
clients I'm not his only client Betsy
what do you make of that the president
they're trying to distance Michael Cohen
trying to belittle him in stature not in
hidden in his role not in stature so how
do you see that playing out as a defense
strategy is that going to work to be
fair there is a grain of truth in what
the president is saying here some of the
charges to which mr. Cohen pleaded
guilty aren't directly related to the
work that he did on behalf
or on behalf of then candidate Donald
Trump but of course the most interesting
part of that plea deal are the two
campaign finance violations to which
Michael Cohen did plead guilty and the
fact that Cohen himself said under oath
that the President of the United States
directed him to engage in illegal
activity to help the president's
campaign all the throat-clearing in the
world all the shiny object waving in the
world is not going to change the fact
that the president's former lawyer said
that under oath and the fact that he
said that under oath is really important
any journalists who covered the 2016
presidential campaign myself included
can tell you that Cohen had a reputation
for saying things that were not true
that he lied like a dog it was kind of
his thing as did many people in Trump's
orbit the fact that he said this under
oath is really significant and and
points to potential legal jeopardy here
John let me come back to you just really
quickly about this National Enquirer
that they've had this safe that has
these documents potentially damaging
documents and just to get it accurate I
want to make sure it has the documents
on the hush money payments and other
damaging stories that killed as part of
its relationship cozy relationship I
should say with Donald Trump are those
documents now subject to federal review
given the fact that you have David
Packer cooperating with authorities well
I don't know if he's cooperating he has
immunity at least that's the story I
read meaning he's being compelled to
testify and and quote to cooperate under
penalty of contempt and if he lies the
perjury but that's what I understand is
circumstances so he's probably a
reluctant cooperator so there's a yes
all the documents will come to the
government and what they'll what they'll
identify or not is that there was a lot
of goings-on that had nothing to do with
journalistic enterprise and that these
organs of am I particularly National
Enquirer or being used as part of the
election and they weren't being declared
and any filing but on top of it what we
have is I think a typical conspiracy to
defraud the United States by undermining
the election process so there's a whole
series of things that are opening up and
the fact that they want to give immunity
to Pecor means that they're interested
in getting others
now who well we're gonna have the
president perhaps
is an unindicted co-conspirator I hope
somebody has the gumption to name him in
an indictment because there's been
nothing like this in the history of
America a president so on American who's
not a Republican who's compromising the
United States and using these pardons
that he suggests that's a violation of
his oath of due process that is to say
he's using his oath to protect himself
from an investigation and those he would
keep quiet
just as in Nixon and if you can give
Nixon credit as Elizabeth might what he
was not as bad as this guy if that's
possible to conceive of let me ask you
really quickly just when you think about
with that fact that Michael Cohen
recorded his conversations with the
president that you had somebody like
Omarosa recording some of her
conversations at the White House you
have now the National Inquirer holding
on to these documents these stories that
you know were supposedly killed the
trace of the hush money payments
it seems that anybody who was in
president Trump's orbit at least in some
case was trying to keep record of some
of this negativity and some of this
fallout just in the event that they
would be in the position that they are
in today I'm so glad you brought that up
because I've been I've been really drawn
to this part of the story the number of
people who are very close to him who had
known him for a decade plus who were
apparently either trying to cover their
own actions by having a tape of him
doing wrongdoing or waiting to set him
up years down the road he the man ran
his business like a small-time crime
boss and he brought people around him
the thugs who threatened people when
they tried to take his ties out of
Macy's all the way up to his fixer
lawyer Michael Cohen he surrounded
himself with these people who played
these small-time crime syndicate roles
and I guess they played them well enough
that they knew to record the boss
telling him to break the law because one
day they might have to play that in
court and today is that day yeah yeah it
seems like Trust was very low among all
of those parties congressman before we
go I'd like to ask your thoughts on the
fact that Jeff Sessions today responded
to the president you know he's been the
subject of many attacks but to see the
Attorney General defend his own position
and what he's been doing at the
Department of Justice what do you make
of that rare well it is rare it's a
surprise because Jeff Sessions
pretty quiet about all this stuff but I
just want to go back to the point I made
before about pardons that's John
Flannery mentioned it's not an issue of
due process it's called an abuse of
power and that is an impeachable offense
abuse of power to use your power a
pardon to shut people up because they
could tell the truth about you when you
violated the law trying to get rid of
sessions because he recused himself
which he had to do under ethics rules of
the Justice Department because what
Trump wants is to shut down the Russia
investigation that's an abuse of power
what we are seeing here is the President
of the United States systematically time
after time this circumstance that
circumstance abusing the power of his
office the swap wasn't in Washington the
swamp was in Trump Tower I wanted right
now in the elbow yeah I wonder if he's
being advised against firing people like
Ron Rosenstein and Jeff Sessions in the
same way that we heard Giuliani advising
him against pardoning Paul Manafort
it'll be interesting to see how it all
plays out hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
