with me now is Simona magenta
Papadopoulos the wife of former Trump
campaign aide George papadopolis he
ignited the fbi's Russia probe after
telling an Australian diplomat the
Russians had dirt on Hillary Clinton
Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to lying to
the FBI last year now the Department of
Justice is asking for a sentence of up
to six months in a moment I'm going to
get reaction from Watergate special
prosecutor Nick Ackerman
but first Papadopoulos his wife revealed
he is considering backing out of his
cooperation deal with Muller all this as
Rudy Giuliani tells The Washington Post
that Trump inquired about the
possibility of pardoning Paul Manafort
who is not cooperating with Robert
Muller
Simona Monta Papadopoulos great to have
you with us thank you very much for
being here let me begin with thank you
for inviting of course let me begin with
this possibility that your husband
George is going to break his cooperation
deal with the special counsel can you
give us any update as to where that
decision stands as I mentioned many
times there are first of all George at
this time cooperated for more than one
year he's a recommendation from the
special counsel presents some
discrepancies and there are many vents
that came out recently and that changed
completely the sessemann
and the context of this alleged lies
implicated too we know today that Mifsud
is likely to have played no role
whatsoever in the scheme of the Russian
interference with American elections we
suspected the Mifsud could be a Russian
agent but at the time of today we don't
have any evidences that link moves to
Russia I'm sorry to interrupt you I just
want it I just want to be clear to
understand can you just tell us is that
is there a decision has he made a
decision has George made the decision
hasn't been made I was just trying to
highlight the grounds of the the this
the fact that George is challenging the
guilty plea and why I was the one
suggesting him to vacate the plea
agreement
yours about the note sorry it's been
maybe okay no decision has been made but
you're recommending or suggesting to
George that he should vacate that plead
that guilty plea yes the main reason why
I did it is because first of all today
we have access to new evidences that
made this male in the same state of
offense quite incoherent which is the
reason for George to lie to the FBI when
we know that if should play no role in
the Russia scheme someone are you
denying that George lied to the FBI or
are you aware that he was trying to give
I'm just I'm just great trying to give
my legal assessment definitely sure that
George wanted to take responsibility for
his less candid assessment during this
interview would mean Mueller as a last
candid because I think we are talking
about an inaccuracy in the timing I'm
just saying that it's probably it's
probably considered on the american law
a lie but if i I would never accept the
plea agreement myself under this
condition to take yes because it's
personal
first of all pleading guilty is very you
know it's a personal choice my legal
assessment of this lie as I said today
mostly in the light of the context says
it came out mostly when we look at the
central figure abilities a central
figure that I know personally and is the
reason why I have been interviewed by
the FBI and by the Congress is Mifsud he
appears to play a role in the gash
negate so which is the motive the state
of mind for Georgia to life want to try
to cover some of this ground because
there's a lot yes to get your take what
has anyone has anyone from the Trump
legal team contacted you absolutely not
absolutely not and uh as I said that
just not I'm not trying to explain why
George ideal t2 lie I'm just trying to
explain why to me should drop off his
plea agreement which are the legal and
the logical weaknesses behind that okay
as I said we should look at the facts
today after one year investigation we
don't know
who moves to Dilys and we just know that
is a Clinton supporter because itself as
stated this in an article in the journal
re:publica we know is a teacher at
Lincoln post trained Western
intelligence officer and we know is yes
ties so my six it was very disappointing
to see that the the recommendation
didn't show any assessment about the
myths to the role because we're talking
a little bit about pardons today do you
still want president Truong have
hardened to possibly pardon George I
think he only is one that deserve the
pardon above any other in a trump
campaign advisor first of all is not
involved whether any any financial
crimes is a responsibilities limited to
as I said that in accuracy in the timing
of his meeting with Mifsud
today we know move to a new role in the
Russia interference and unless the
prosecutor will show otherwise so I
don't see why if the president says this
is a witch-hunt it would allow George to
the media sacrificial lamb of this this
witch hunt
alright Simona manned Gionta
Papadopoulos thank you very much for
your time I appreciate you coming on in
and explaining your position thank thank
you very much thank you all right with
me now is former Watergate prosecutor
and Nick Ackerman Nick good to have you
with us so first of all your reaction to
what you just heard there in the
argument that Simona was making well
none of these arguments make any sense
they're all over the boards he committed
an extremely serious crime if you read
the government sentencing memo it's
quite clear that if he had told the
truth about the professor who was the
Russian that he met in England and had
come clean with the FBI in January of
the FBI would have been able to arrest
this professor while he was in the
United States so this was a lie that was
extremely material that had a huge
impact on the FBI's investigation a
negative impact
what is george papadapolis gain by
withdrawing his deal from cooperating
with muller is there anything well first
of all the odds of him being able to
withdraw it are about zero
almost extremely difficult to do it it's
not a unilateral decision it's not up to
him right now of course not of course
not he has to have a it's a heavy burden
to me to do that but if he were to be
successful what that would mean is the
government could then turn around and
prosecute him for the crime of lying to
an FBI agent or even worse obstruction
of justice the crime of lying to the FBI
agent carries five years so right now
he's limited to six months that he could
be sentenced to in prison if he suddenly
lost this deal he could wind up in jail
for ten years for obstruction of justice
hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our youtube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
