are you considering pardoning Paul
Manafort I have great respect for what
he's done in terms of what he's gone
through you know you worked for Ronald
Reagan for years he worked for Bob Dole
he worked I guess his firm worked for
McCain he worked for many many people
many many years and I would say what he
did some of the charges they threw
against him every consultant every
lobbyist in Washington probably does
welcome back to Harvard that was
president trunk dodging a question of
whether he would pardon his former
campaign chair Paul Manafort who was
found guilty this week of eight counts
of bank and tax fraud charges the
president's lawyer Rudy Giuliani told
The Washington Post the Trump discussed
the possibility of pardoning Man afford
with his lawyers several weeks ago and
that they counseled the president
against the idea of pardoning anyone
linked to the investigation into
Russia's interference in the 2016
election according to Giuliani saying
Trump should at least wait until special
counsel Robert Marr has concluded his
probe well Giuliani added the president
agreed and did not push the issue
further for more I'm John by Eli stuccos
the White House reporter for the LA
Times Thank You Eli in this and let's
get into the first of all let's talk
about the fact of what we know about the
manna forgery man perjury that this
woman was wonderful I heard her on Fox
last night Paula Duncan she's very smart
about that she played it out she seemed
like the kind of reasonable jury you'd
like to have on any jury they get the
truth and that she pointed out one of
those stories let's read this book at
lesson let's watch her
how close I want to know did this jury
come to convicting Paul Manafort
on all 18 counts by one there was one
holdout so you all agreed on the eight
counts the ten others there was one
person who kept you from making that
next step that's correct yes
what was their reasoning if they shared
with you reasonable doubt let me ask you
a thing you know I guess reason why that
could be a mindset a person's just not
comfortable making a big decision like
this on someone's life but what does
this tell us about the prosecutor it
seems to me it tells us that they're
gonna go ahead with the prosecution of
all these other counts in DC or the
probably a tougher jury facing someone
like a big shot like Matt afford and
they're gonna get probably have a better
shot there even get all 18 or 25
whatever they're pushing this time yeah
I don't want to speculate on what it was
for that one juror that held them up but
if you listen to the whole interview and
what she said I things stood out one her
honesty about saying hey I'm a
Republican I got to make America great
hat in my card woman that's what she
said it she said I want a man afford
she's aware of the context she knows who
these people are and she came in saying
she wanted him to be innocent
but the evidence was overwhelming and if
the evidence was enough for 11 out of 12
people to want to convict on all 18
counts it tells you something about
about the evidence it also struck me
what she said about Rick Gates's
testimony and how most people on the
jury the jury as a whole didn't find him
to be very credible that is instructive
for the government in terms of you know
what they get out of putting gates on
the stand and the idea that as the
president has has told people over and
over again at people who flipper just in
his words making stuff up whether or not
they're making things up about him or
not the idea that they're working with
the government to at least some people
on this jury made seem well he's facing
another trial vana Ford in in DC
probably a more liberal more difficult
lawyer a jury for a Republican like him
a big shot of lobbyists not a great word
what does that say about a possible
pardon I mean it looks like this guy's
gonna be facing a lot of time coming out
of the next straw well he's 69 right now
so forget the next trial before the
trial that was just concluded if he gets
the minimum range he's looking at 10
years he's so chances are this guy is
going to do a lot of time and I think
talking to our reporters have been
covering the trial talking with the mana
for attorneys the sense is that his only
real hope at this point is a pardon and
it's striking that the president who's
seeing the sort of walls closing in
still continues to express his personal
feeling that mana Ford is a victim here
that mana Ford is being unfairly
targeted and and after doing so for a
couple of days
you see Rudy Giuliani go out and
acknowledge the fact that they've talked
about it now obviously it would be it
would be foolish for the president not
gonna predict he won't do it but it
seems like of course he would get advice
to wait until after the election the
fact that his lawyer Rudy Giuliani is
suggested to have been thinking but he
goes down since yesterday at the White
House asked about this and she said I'm
aware of no conversations if your mana
for this is a ray of hope when you hear
Rudy Joyce's Perez is already talking
around and it looks like a smoke signal
that they're sending to him and that is
something that investigators will also
look at because right in an obstruction
case is the president and his attorney
are they intentionally sending a message
to people to not cooperate as the
investigators go the other side if
you're the prosecutor here and you're
Robert mower and you and you're dealing
you're going to the judge and say give
this guy serious time hard time maximum
security or minimum security and this
guy could be going to a really Holly's
place Leavenworth there somewhere for 10
or 15 years it's not like Alan Webber
you play tennis and lift weights and
talk to the white-collar criminals and
have fun with them you're going to a
serious prison can they put that kind of
pressure on this guy metaphor at this
point they can but I think the more they
lean into that the more it does play
into the president's characterization of
this as they're out to get him they're
being too harsh on him for more you know
some people who get caught on this maybe
it's a tax audit manna fort is getting
strung up because he worked for me and
that is the thing that I think you know
generally the investigators the
prosecutors they have gone they've kept
their heads down they've tried to not be
influenced by the media circus and Trump
tweets and things like that but they
have to be cognizant of the implications
of this and the sense that the public
and that a jury may have that they are
out to get this man factor is how much
Trump actually cares about another human
who's been loyal to him whoo-whoo I mean
the pardon seems to be more out of
self-interest than then real concern for
this guy but I he talks like he cares
about the guy Thank You Eli Stoke hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
