welcome back today meet the midterms
Pennsylvania is one of the most
important battleground states in the
fight for the control of the House of
Representatives at least nine House
seats there are in play after their new
redistricting that happened this year
and we got a new poll out of the state
to look to see what's going on there and
it does look so good for those House
Republicans in the Keystone State our
new NBC News mayor's pole shows
president Trump's approval rating under
40 in this state sitting at 37% we think
that's terrif influenced while Democrats
have a six-point lead in voter
preference overall for control of
Congress poll shows Democrats are way
ahead of Republicans in this year's two
big statewide races in the state because
neither one of them have really popped
up into top-tier both incumbent
Democratic Senator Bob Casey and
incumbent Democratic Governor Tom Wolf's
appear to be headed for somewhat easy
three elections remember Pennsylvania is
one of the states though that put
President Trump in the White House but
he carried about less than a point and
these new poll numbers suggest might not
be so close to the GOP this midterm year
more I'm to be daily after this hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
