dropping like flies another chunk Ally
leaves the Trump foxhole David pecker
the head of a mi which publishes the
National Enquirer is now cooperating
with federal prosecutors in exchange for
immunity Donald Trump's week from Hell
took another dramatic turn today with
news that pecker has provided evidence
related to the investigation into
president Trump's hush money payments
during the 2016 campaign that's
according to reporting from The Wall
Street Journal the news is sure to send
more shockwaves through the president's
already shell-shocked West Wing The New
York Times reports quote the agreement
adds another unusual aspect to a case
never seen before in the annals of
presidential campaign finance history it
means that a company that operates as a
news organization it's cooperating with
federal authorities on an investigation
that involves its work with a campaign
today's development was likely put in
motion by Tuesday's guilty pleas from
Michael Cohen the president's former
fixer who existed at the intersection of
hush money and tabloid brushfires
The Times explains the role of David
peckers media company in what could turn
out to be an investigation into
something that looks a lot more like a
conspiracy quote the court documents
filed Tuesday in connection with mr.
Cohen's guilty plea provided a far more
detailed account than previously known
about the payments made to suppress
women's stories about mr. Trump that
could have threatened his election
prospects for his part Trump got on the
record about his views about people who
help federal prosecutors you know the
ones who work at the Department of
Justice the one that donald trump
ostensibly heads at the american
president this whole thing about
flipping they call it I know all about
flipping for 30 40 years I've been
watching flippers everything's wonderful
and then they get 10 years in jail and
they they flip on whoever the next
highest one is or as high as you can go
it almost sought to be outlawed it
almost started be outlawed The
Associated Press ties all the threats
facing the president at this hour
together like this quote what's known
the president who demands loyalty from
his allies can't depend on them for it
what
not from whom and where in the trumpian
landscape another bolt might strike
joining us now Associated Press White
House reporter Jill Colvin Frank's a
glue see former FBI assistant director
for counterintelligence Chuck Rosenberg
is back former US attorney and former
FBI senior official and with us at the
table Nick confessori New York Times
political reporter Frank I have got to
start with you if you are investigating
campaign finance violations
it doesn't this feels bigger than that
is it oh it's so much bigger than that
what let's not forget that we've got
money laundering bank fraud we still
have Russian collusion that's what this
is all about and what it started with
and now today we have the President of
the United States suggesting that maybe
cooperating with prosecutors should be
outlawed this sounded I'm struck
continually by how much some of this
conversation sounds like wiretaps in an
organized crime case or an episode of
The Sopranos where some capo is talking
about whacking somebody who's flipping
and cooperating we're getting very close
today I'm Chuck that's chillin Frank is
we're care to cut that and maybe replay
that before this hour ends but you've
just said Chuck I want to ask you to
drill down on these violations these
crimes the Cohen pleaded guilty to the
fact that he he testified in court on
Tuesday during that guilty plea that
they were payments directed by Donald
Trump and now this news today that the
head of the National Enquirer the owner
of it has accepted immunity to agree to
help with the prosecution tell me what
that means
what have they discovered and what are
they still looking for a little bit let
me take the last part first Nicole
because I think there's a really
important unanswered question about
David pecker and the immunity that he
received so did he receive it a while
ago a few weeks ago a month ago in order
to help prosecutors make the case
against Michael Cohen or did he receive
it recently even as recently as when
Cohen pled the
help make a case against others in
corroboration of cone and so not knowing
the answer to that it's entirely
possible that it was the former that
they used mr. pecker to shore up a case
against mr. Cohen to frank's point and I
agree with you Frank put it
chillingly but also accurately
prosecutors and agents require and rely
on all the time the information that we
receive from co-operators I don't call
them flippers I think that's a
ridiculous word I find it curious that
the president knows so many people who
work in law enforcement tend to know
folks who cooperate but for the
president to say he's been surrounded by
that by for 30 or 40 years
I think underscores Frank's point that
it sounds a bit like a mob family but
this is in many cases the building
blocks of criminal cases brought by the
FBI and the Justice Department and so
this is a sad day when the president is
basically saying that cooperation with
federal prosecutors in pursuit of the
truth is a problem and perhaps should be
outlawed let me read you something Jill
Colvin from from Vanity Fair's reporting
on this story this afternoon
peckers apparent and we should just
stipulate pecker is a friend of the
president's he also aided him
politically and personally by making
embarrassing things like sexual affairs
with porn stars and Playboy Playmates go
away I believe Karen McDougal is on this
month's Men's Journal or men's health as
part of what I understood to be her
arrangement after her deal from from the
president this is from Vanity Fair this
afternoon about pecker pecker is a
parent decision to corroborate Cohen's
account and implicate Trump in a federal
crime is another vivid example of how
isolated Trump is becoming as the walls
close in and his former friends look for
ways out holy bleep I thought pecker
would be the last one to turn a trunk
friend told me when I brought up the
news Trump and pecker have been closed
for years according to the Trump friend
pecker regularly flew on Trump's plane
from New York to Florida in July 2013
Trump tweeted that pecker
should become CEO of Time magazine he'd
make it exciting and win awards just how
isolated is this president and what are
the public facing signs of that Jill
this is arguably the most isolated that
this president has been he has somebody
who really puts a premium on loyalty he
expects it from the people who are
around him and again and again he's had
people who are close to him now turning
on him take Michael Cohen as the prime
example this is a guy who said he would
take a bullet for Trump would do
anything to protect his family you know
operated on his own trying to crush
stories to help the president he is now
you know made this very dramatic
admission in court accusing the
president of ordering him to make these
hush money payments to influence the
election you've got everyone from him to
pecker now a longtime friend of the
president who could have played this key
strategic role apparently including
during the campaign to even amarosa
um who is somebody who had known the
president for more than a decade and
started in his reality showed the
president you know talked about how he'd
made her a star you know these people
around the president whether it is for
their own legal survival or whether it's
just a number Amuro says case apparently
to make a buck are willing to sell out
this president and that's made him
furious you know you can see just from
watching this White House from even
watching cable television how few people
have come out to defend him there's been
frustration you know among people who
are close to the president who are close
to the White House that there's been
very little coordination there's been
very little effort to get them all on
the same page when it comes to talking
points to kind of help guide them
through what the president would like
them to say and you just see from you
know Sarah Sanders statements on the
podium yesterday at as I said the
television very very little and of
coordinated defense coming to help the
president well Frankfort Lizzy one of
the reasons I understand to to be the
cause for that is that there is no
defense the president didn't tell his
own lawyers what the facts were in the
Cohen case he they didn't understand his
legal exposure in in the Cohen raid and
all the days since they haven't been
brought up to speed so why would anybody
defend this president and do you find it
surprising you know a little bit about
this relationship between mr. pecker and
the president
why would immunity be given to someone
like mr. pecker what
does he know about Donald Trump well you
don't just hand out immunity as as Chuck
a knows it's it's something that's done
when you two things are present one is
you believe that someone may be exposed
criminally and number two you believe
someone has value in cooperating and so
what cooperation could there be here
this relationship with the president
dates back easily approximately 20 years
and so pecker has written on Trump's
private jets they hang out with the same
women he also by the way goes way back
with Rudy Giuliani remember that it was
Giuliani's joint venture firm called bio
one that remediated the anthrax in the
ami headquarters building in Boca Raton
attack occurred in 2001 remediation in
2004 so Giuliani goes back with David
pecker and so we don't know where Muller
is carving out the walls of this
cooperation but if Muller goes there and
if mr. pecker is willing to go back as
far as that then we can talk about
historical crimes we can talk about
establishing a predilection right that
the president does this and directs
these types of payments to silence
people going way back and there's value
in that your paper and your colleague
Jim Ruttenberg isn't done some amazing
reporting on how the Trump orbit
operationalized the National Enquirer as
an arm of their PR machine I believe
there's some intersection with you know
Fox News often promoted the stories
whence they appeared in the National
Enquirer it's sort of a classic you know
planting of stories and then a campaign
benefits from said stories can you talk
about that operation and how it's being
investigated now as a campaign finance
violation look we talked on this show a
few months ago Nicole about how stormy
Daniels and Ami media could be greater
exposure for president than the Muller
and the Russia angle and this is why it
is an important cog in the president's
business and personal machinery of
business how he does business and gets
around the world
he has affairs he has payoffs and
cover-ups he wants to call in a
political hit on somebody he plants a
story in a tabloid this is how he did
that for years and years he did business
this way we now look at the Enquirer as
kind of the Trump Pravda ups you want to
see who's up and who's down in the Trump
world you can read it now the
prosecutors have that entire empire by
the short hairs and they can see inside
it and they have a cooperating witness
under a grant of immunity who will tell
them all they want to know about it we
are going deep inside Trump world here
and deep inside his vulnerabilities just
part it's just it's entirely apart from
Russia this is just how he did things
for years and years and now the cover is
off hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
