peaceful nonviolent protests including
taking a knee at a football game to
point out that black men unarmed black
teenagers unarmed and black children
unarmed are being killed at a
frightening level right now
and so non-violently peacefully while
the eyes of this country are watching
these games they take a knee to bring
our attention and our focus to this
problem to ensure that we fix it that is
why they are doing it and I can think of
nothing more American than to peacefully
stand up a men that was better or work
the Texas Democrat running against
senator Ted Cruz in November responding
to a question on whether or not he
thinks NFL players taking a knee during
the anthem or disrespectful or works
full four-minute answer has gone viral I
watched it twice LeBron James called it
a must watch I agree and it looks like
Cruz should watch out a brand new NBC
News Marist Poll has a work behind by
only four points I want to hit pause on
the on the poll and I just want to ask
you every time I see somebody like that
and and it's and I'm glad that that
LeBron was in there too there's such a
vacuum of moral clarity why was that
answer hard for Republicans why can't
Republican why are we so if why do we
treat patriotism like it's so fragile
that black players can't protest what is
undeniably true that black men face more
danger unarmed black men get killed by
cops some of it all the time in this
country because patriotism far too much
on the right has become a matter of
symbols and totems and forms and anthems
and not the exercise of freedom and it's
funny when you talk to Republicans you
know the word that's always on their
lips
is freedom freedom to dissent freedom to
build businesses the freedom to speak it
to speak your mind and yet you see these
these football players exercising
exactly that freedom in the most
respectful way possibly on a cause that
matters deeply to them it should matter
to to to millions to all Americans and
and and this is this is the way they
respond it's it's part of Trump's effort
to turn what ought to be genuine
Patriots is of love of what this country
is really about as a set of ideas into a
kind of blood and soil nationalism a
place a people or I should rather say a
race among a race among those people and
and and a set of institutions and and
mechanisms that would be more
recognizable in certain early twentieth
century European countries than it
should be in the United States he also
seemed to call on people's better angels
which you made me think of the line in
America
people are so desperate for leadership
they'll crawl through the sand and when
they realize it's a mirage they'll eat
the sand I feel like the country is
about ready to start eating sand but
that certainly looked like the real deal
real leadership real moral clarity first
of all you're absolutely right he showed
us as a country kind of the way forward
and I think that's really important but
I think Brett you're absolutely right I
think this is a very old debate and a
very old issue about who is allowed to
be a citizen and about the lands allowed
to protest about who is allowed to you
know fully take on the rights and
responsibilities of citizenship and it
really does to me that the protests are
excuse me the criticism a lot of the
criticism of these players who are
protesting sounds like it's coming from
a place of you know white nationalism
cloaked in the flag and I think all
Americans should be offended by that
really quick you think gave a shot look
I'm bad at predictions sure he has a
shot I think what makes that effective
is that as a Democrat he has learned to
speak in a language of values and
patriotism that has eluded some
Democrats in the past
it's where liberal language hasn't has
not evolved - he speaks that language
it'll play well in Texas hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
