Ryan Costello Pennsylvania who's not
keeping as low of a profile but he's not
seeking re-election this year either so
maybe it gives them a little more
latitude to speak freely congressman
Grady sir fair enough fair enough
I'm glad you emphasized them maybe let
me start with the issue of the president
versus the Attorney General it certainly
appears that the president's beef with
the Attorney General has nothing to do
with his overall job and everything to
do with the Muller investigation do you
think the president's criticisms are
warranted I totally agree with you that
this is about the criticisms relate to
one thing and that is the Muller
investigation I don't think it's
warranted I think that very early on he
made the decision that he had a conflict
he appointed Rosenstein to then make the
decision the decision was made I would
say this most Republicans supported the
appointment of an independent counsel or
at least many did and so moving forward
provided there's not much Republicans
can do right now or should do right now
other than say I support this
investigation let's let it proceed to
whatever conclusion it reaches and if
there's one thing that we might consider
at this point is to prevent what the
freedom caucus was trying to do right
before we left break and that was
protect the investigation moving forward
so that there cannot be a Saturday night
massacre first how would you do that
how could you protect the investigation
from your branch of government we have
legislation that would essentially say
you cannot fire if you do you need to
come before Congress and state the
reasons why and at that point in time if
there is not 4ko if there's not a
for-cause reason it would not take
effect now there obviously are some
constitutional questions about that
separation of powers and things like
that which i think is why some have said
they didn't think it would actually pass
constitutional yeah it wouldn't pass
check that score but your questions also
are as much oriented around the
political chester's that Republicans
have which is you know you hear we're
not doing anything and I think the
answer is yes we are and I might also
add what is the message today that
Democrats
have that's different than Republicans
and by that I mean are the are Democrats
ready to impeach because if they're not
ready to impeach over what Michael Cohen
has now pled to then they're in the same
position as most Republicans which is
let's let the Muller investigation play
yeah let me this is what I actually I
don't understand
on this front I I hear you in the mall
investigation but but Cohen is a
separate investigation agree and and so
here you have him pleading guilty in a
court of law a the US attorney in New
York
accepting the guilty plea not because of
his word but because they have physical
evidence right and accepting the idea
that the president directed him to do
this that to need we have a system in
place of what do you do when the
president is accused of a crime it
starts in the House of Representatives
you guys are supposed to begin
investigating to see is there something
near to be concerned about that's what
I'm wondering why hasn't that process
even been debated two points one
Muller's reach in the investigation goes
wherever it can go related to Russian
interference and to if you're asking if
you're suggesting that the house should
undertake investigations in this space
you know as well as I do that turns into
a political circus yesterday just as we
saw with Rosen Stein testifying before
the house I don't think that the house
is the best suited place to do an
investigation on election interference
which is that's what the Constitution
says has to be done right when when the
president is accused of a crime you can
indict them right we've decided that
when the president's accused of a crime
whether whether you think the house is
mature enough to handle this I think is
what you're saying
well no money it doesn't matter the
Constitution didn't say but should you
undertake that before the Muller
investigation concludes I don't think
you do because you still have some
factual questions that are out there we
don't have the full breadth of what what
evidence that Muller does have and when
he provides a report it will all be in
front of us and I think at that point in
time it is certainly a right question as
to why
the house should do but here we are
sitting August 24th or whatever day it
is I don't think based upon that plea
and some of the other stuff we've heard
out there that now is the time to
undertake judiciary committee
proceedings on some of the information
that we have not knowing what else is
out there in fact if I like that it was
Democrats criticizing Republicans in the
jewelry committee who were literally
trying to get roses Stein to provide
more information than he should have
provided as it related to the Muller
investigation with the argument being
that you're trying to you're trying to
pull out what what is an ongoing
investigation right so no matter what
you do you do here I think that one side
is going to criticize the other that I
get and I look I think you are making a
strong point that the house isn't mature
enough to do that I'm using it that
meaning but it doesn't it's so polarized
right that nobody didn't seem to look
beyond their blue or red glasses but I
guess the question is if you were
running for re-election right I'd be
doing exactly what I'm doing now no I
believe yeah my point is is that you've
got to appeal to two types of voters
right one who thinks this ring is a sham
yeah all right but then you have that
that slice of voters who likes the tax
cut is probably a little right-of-center
by Nature right but just you know thinks
would like to know you're going to be a
check on President Trump
for what proof has the Republican
Congress what proof can you offer that
you're willing to be a check right let
that to me is what's missing here well
you have to look at one's voting record
in my case I you know I'm not gonna you
don't care about my particular votes
that rebutted up against the private
carrier boat but the point is I think
you you deal with the votes and I do
think to the point that I think was in
some articles today Republicans smart
Republican candidates in swing districts
right now and they should have we should
have been doing it for a while and many
have are speaking out when they take
issue with what the president says or
does because a lot of those
middle-of-the-road voters policy-wise
are with us but they do have concerns
about the tone and some of the conduct
of the president and in an election
where the economy is going
a lot of those voters become Values
Voters and today's values voters are as
much about tone and some issues related
to gun safety and some environmental
issues and and then we have the other
trade issue I mean for that is probably
the best free-market Republican rebuttal
to what the president is doing policy
wise as anything else what do you expect
the mood of House Republicans would be
when everybody comes back after what was
been a as Tom Cole called it a terrible
August you know July wasn't so great
either on the messaging John couch is
what happens for the next week I mean
it's something else could happen between
now even by tomorrow somebody was
listening to Matthew continuities
reality show rant there a little bit
you're right we have seven or eight more
episodes to go before you guys return in
Washington congressman Ryan Costello
thank you for coming on chair new views
much appreciate it hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meat to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
