the presidents thought on the markets
and your money has us scratching our
heads this morning I don't know how you
can impeach somebody who's done a great
job I'll tell you what if I ever got
impeached I think the market would crash
I think everybody would be very poor
because without this thinking you would
see you would see numbers that you
wouldn't believe in reverse okay first
of all if you see numbers you wouldn't
believe in reverse then that would mean
that you'd see numbers that you would
believe but let's leave that aside for a
second a looming impeachment and the
surrounding uncertainty can have an
effect on markets there's no question
about that but for facts sake would the
market crash if Trump were impeached we
don't have a lot of history on this
because we don't have a lot of history
on impeachment but let's take a look at
what we have the impeachment of
President Bill Clinton in the fall of
1998 the market dropped you can see that
there that's the head of the Starr
report being released it dropped almost
20% ahead of the report that was
released by the investigator but the
report didn't contain anything
groundbreaking and the market dropped
settled shortly after the release now
when the impeachment impeachment
proceedings began get this the sp500
which is what we look at actually began
to climb gaining 28% by the time that
the Senate impeached Bill Clinton or it
acquitted Bill Clinton they didn't
impeach him market participants want
certainty and in the wake of an
impeachment there is the possibility of
a sell-off but an impeachment does by no
means guarantee a crash joining me now
is CNBC editor at large John Harwood and
John the first thing we have to say when
comparing things to past examples as it
relates to markets and the economy is
that the economy in 2018 is not the same
as the economy was in 1998 there's
actually a reason I didn't use the
Richard Nixon example because back in
the early 90s 1970s the impact and the
significance of the market are very
different than they are now the bottom
line is there's no basis for President
Trump to say the markets would crash if
he were impeached if the president
actually believes that and he might
because his self absorption is so
complete that he seems to think that
everything revolves around him if he
actually believes that
he's completely out of touch with
reality we're in alley as you know a
nine-year bull market most of which
occurred under President Obama if you
take the totality of President Obama's
eight years in office the Dow is up one
hundred and forty nine percent during
that time the Dow is up about 29 percent
during Trump's presidency so far it is
true that in 2017 there was a market
boost then I think in part was inspired
by the actions he was taking on
deregulation in part on the expectation
of tax cuts and so the market continued
to go up deep late into the recovery
pretty sharply last year however it's
basically flat this year because the
actions the president's taking on trade
are damaging to economic prospects in
the future and so no the economy would
not the markets would not crash if the
president left there might be a blip
associated with the uncertainty but the
the market is ultimately going to
respond to economic fundamentals
corporate profitability and that did not
invite Trump left the evidence of that
is the last two years we're there but
all sorts of things that traditionally
you and me would have said well that's
going to really affect the markets
negatively and they haven't because as
corporations continue to be profitable
markets continue to go up now that could
change we are well into ERISA into a
period of growth where ten years into a
bull market almost that that
independently could could turn around
well in fact the fact that the Trump tax
cuts front-loaded some economic activity
but have increased budget deficits and
the effects of that the effects of the
president's trade policies have a lot of
forecasters upgrading the possibility of
a recession by 2020 that is because of
were connected with actions that the
president has taken so yes the economy
is going to turn down at some point we
haven't repealed the business cycle
there will be a recession but it's not
going to be triggered by Donald Trump
leaving office you could make an
argument
that markets would feel a lot more calm
and have uncertainty reduced if Mike
Pence were president for the next couple
of years than Donald Trump all right
John good to see you as always thanks
very much John Harwood joining me now is
Austin Goolsbee former chairman of the
Council of Economic Advisors for
President Obama Austin I want to talk
about some other stuff but let's just
stay on this for a second because that's
a good threat that the president is
making to to a lot of Americans say well
look the one thing you got going for you
is these markets are going well if I am
impeached it'll tank the markets what's
your take you know I think you actually
missed the dynamic there I don't think
the president was engaged in an
observation I don't think he was making
an economic forecast I think he was
making a threat I think he was saying
hey the economy's looking pretty good to
be a shame if somebody were to burn it
down say somebody who had control over
launching trade wars changing
regulations applying tax rates to
different groups I think everybody
should take a step back and ask yourself
do you honestly think that if they move
to impeach Donald Trump he's not gonna
try to burn it to the ground
right yes and I think that's what he
said in that state hey MSNBC fans thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
