again we heard President Trump in that
interview this morning on Fox talking
about as Attorney General we just heard
from from Senator Lindsey Graham as well
yeah and this is a response to what the
president said on Fox this morning okay
where he said that Jeff sessions has
lost control of the Justice Department
this is response to that because he says
I took control of the Department of
Justice the day I was sworn in so it's a
direct response to that and it basically
says three things number one it praises
the people in the Justice Department
number two he says he won't be subject
to improper political influence and then
the other thing that's notable about it
is it's something that Jeff Sessions
does every time he ever appears in
public he praises the president so even
though this is a response to the
president he also says I'm carrying out
the president's agenda and I think you
have to say there's probably no cabinet
member who is more faithful about in
every public appearance praising the
president saying he wants to do the
President's agenda on fighting violent
crime but to Chuck Rosenberg's point you
know Jeff Sessions has taken a lot of
hits from the president ever since the
president was elected on Twitter in
public statements and and this statement
is very interesting in that number one
it's pretty short number two it praises
the president but number three for the
first time in any of these push backs he
says the Justice Department is not going
to be improperly influenced by political
considerations and it's getting that
pressure from all sides it's getting it
from Republicans in the house who are
pushing the Justice Department to
release what is probably an
unprecedented amount of internal
investigative documents related to the
mulher investigation and the Hillary
Clinton email investigation and of
course the suggestion that the Justice
Department could be used to follow the
political will of the White House so
it's a very strong it's a very muscular
statement it's it's surprising in the
sense that Jeff Sessions has been taking
these shots repeatedly and only now has
decided to push back in a very concise
and yet muscular way well Pete you know
I don't want to get you to speculate
here but but you just alluded to it
chuckling to it as well the president is
is taken a number of shots at his
attorney general on on television on
Twitter why the response now what do we
make of the timing of this particular
response this time around my guess is
it's because the president had has has
has kind of changed the normally the
president's attacks on Jeff Sessions has
been he should have recused himself and
he didn't which is something the
president said again today on Fox this
time
he brought something new to the party
saying Jeff Sessions has never had
control of the Justice Department and I
think perhaps that was an especially
sore point and that's why he decided to
to push back now also it's very
interesting in in terms of what Lindsey
Graham said about the potential firing
in the president's comments this morning
on Fox he seems to once again say that
that that is something that he just
can't do as long as the Muller
investigation is going on and he's
gotten this message loud and clear from
the Republicans in the Senate not just
Lindsey Graham and not just today which
is don't fire jeff Sessions he's popular
among Senate Republicans they basically
said to the president if you get rid of
Jeff Sessions we're not going to confirm
whoever you come up with to replace him
as Attorney General so I think the
president seems to know that that's a
non-starter he seemed to acknowledge it
today on on Fox
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
