the state of New York has now subpoenaed
Michael Cohen on the heels of his guilty
plea the associate press was first to
report that the seat subpoena is part of
the state's investigation into the Trump
foundation it comes after Cohen's
attorney Lanny Davis claimed his client
had information that federal and state
investigators would like to know the
Attorney General of New York is
currently suing the Trump foundation
claiming Donald Trump illegally used his
foundation to settle legal disputes
helped his campaign for president and
pay for personal and business expenses
when the lawsuit was announced in June
the president vowed not to settle the
case the current investigation is being
conducted by New York's tax department
and could be referred to the Attorney
General for prosecution it's important
to note that the President does not have
the power to pardon in-state cases
joining us now investigative reporter
for The Washington Post and an MSNBC
contributor David Ferran told David you
have new reporting on Michael Cohen
using the president's secrets as
leverage including personally calling
the New York tax department to see how
he could help their probe into the Trump
foundation what's he doing here is this
ultimately trying to save himself in
some way it's a good question I think
right now immediately he's trying to
raise his profile as somebody who knows
a lot about Donald Trump because Michael
Cohen has a GoFundMe set up to get
people to contribute to his legal
expenses so I think he's trying to
demonstrate his value to a variety of
legal probes not just to the
investigators but also to the public
that's part of this but also the
interesting thing about Michael Cohen is
Donald Trump had blurred the lines
between his company and his family his
company and his charity his company in
his campaign and on Michael Cohen played
this unusual role where he was on either
side of all those blurred lines
he had a toe and every little piece of
the Trump Empire as it commingled and so
Michael Cohen didn't have a formal role
in the Trump foundation but it's
possibly you knows a lot about how it
worked that's that sort of the role that
he played in Trump's life he was
involved in everything I'll tell you
exactly what Michael Cohen is thinking
in
what he's going to be doing I spoke to
Michael again yesterday you know it's
been reported that and that Michael
after the Putin press conference in
Helsinki was put him over the edge now
he was moving in a direction but I
remember speaking to him right
afterwards and he wheelie this is
genuine was like I know I've been
getting there but seeing this
something's got to be done for our
country obviously he's gonna do things
to protect himself we've talked about as
anybody would but he's pissed he is
pissed and you know as far as the
foundation goes he knows all as far as
the meeting as far it with the Russian
collusion at the hotel he knows all so
beyond doing what's right for him and
his family he does have it this is a guy
who is spent to think about you spent
your life working for somebody defending
to somebody and that very person you
work for it not only has turned on you
but you've really seen light Jesus this
is the guy I was working for this is the
guy I was putting my entire life in my
entire trust behind so he is not only
doing things now to also protect himself
there is a I'm telling you there is a
sense of right or wrong and sometimes
you've got a you got a push it on and
hit your nose against the wall but that
is what's going on there hey Donny there
was there was an amazing little snippet
in the Wall Street Journal article about
this last night and I know I won't know
if you can add to it but essentially
what it said it was one of the
compelling reasons that Michael Cohen
decided to take the path that he's
currently on was a conversation that he
had with his father who was a Holocaust
survivor father essentially said to him
you know I didn't survive the Holocaust
to have Donald Trump selling my name and
I want you to do the right thing and you
know it really was a compelling moment a
rare look at the family drama that Mike
Cohen's also dealing with can you talk a
little bit about that father
relationship and what that meant to him
in this moment he didn't tell me about
the father discussion but I will tell
you a conversation I had with him
regarding his dad being a Holocaust
survivor um when the foot when Michael
first got arrested the amount of text si
got and tweets he got I doubt you yours
you're the guy standing as they're
putting Jews in the oven you're the guy
how do you can do it your dad's a
Holocaust survivor you're standing by
that shook him to his core he's like
wait a second my dad's Holocaust
survivor and I think that was one
obviously it's a bridge along the way
but when he started getting that the
text this was after I'm sorry this is
after Charlottesville where he at this
point you know he was still at he hadn't
turned yet and it was like that you're
standing by and allowing this to happen
he was like I'm not standing by I am so
offended I am so shaken to my core so
these were all pieces of the puzzle and
you know if that conversation did happen
when this father because I know as far
as his children his family like all of
us this is what gets to our core you
know might have but I have a lot of
problems with somebody wrapping
themselves in the Holocaust in order to
justify their own behaviors he's not
lobbying the president and the press to
pay his legal bills threatening to talk
to Muller not he's not wrapping himself
in the Holocaust as a Jew and as a man
that when Charles phil happened and that
basically people were attacking Michael
and just wait a second you know how can
you stand where I let this he was deeply
deeply moved and offended as anybody
would agree it's not a matter of rap he
was I think the problem Donnie and I
want to get back to David's reporting
that the problem is that you know what
has been revealed in the past few days
it to Michael Cohen himself saying
pleading guilty to breaking the law
repeatedly to breaking the law for the
president so for him to you know all of
a sudden see the light it just is a
little far from history if we look
through history of people who have done
wrong and that they paid the price and
you do see the light and and I do wrong
that the president was crooked because
he broke the law for him why does he
need to watch Helsinki happen I mean you
can just look he can just look at the
financial transactions because like a
lot of people once again like a lot of
people they'll go okay this is wrong
yeah we're paying this woman off and
that happens all the time versus a
president putting our world
in our country at risk with a foreigner
there there are differences we do have
to draw distinctions between levels of
wrong versus saying everything is wrong
that's just reality and if I spoke to
people out there the average voter the
average person is there a difference
between Trump paying off a porn star and
trunk being in bed with Putin so visibly
I do think 90% of people would
distinguish between those two although
they're both wrong
David parent old you have reporting that
Michael cone is very concerned
especially because his wife has joint
filings with him tell us more about that
as well as any potential ties to Russia
well I think you've seen Lanny Davis
Michael Cohen's attorney talk in sort of
vague terms about the things that
Michael Cohen might know related to the
Trump campaign in Russia we don't quite
know what that is yet I've ever seen a
man in Davis sort of specify what Cohen
knows you're right though the Cohen was
in a bind I mean just beyond whatever
sort of moral things he may have been
wrestling with there was this very
immediate legal problem which is that
the New York Attorney General had gone
after a sort of the taxi king of New
York a guy who was in taxi business with
with Cohen that case was bleeding over
into Cohen's taxi investments
come on may have felt the threat there
certainly felt the threat from federal
prosecutors who are putting him under a
lot of pressure in the last few months
both pressure on his wife and and you
know pressure on him so I think he may
have felt legally like this was a time
when he had to cut his losses he may not
have seen a way out of this legally
other than to sort of plead guilty and
perhaps cooperating some other
investigations Wow David parent old
thank you very much for being on this
morning and thank you for your reporting
still ahead the president was up until
after 1:00 o'clock this morning at the
very least tweeting more on the legal
pressure that's keeping him up at night
ahead
plus we'll dig into the new issue of
Time magazine the president in deep as
Bob Muller closes in Morning Joe is
coming right back
so I give myself an A+ I don't think any
president has ever
what I've done in the short we haven't
even been two years biggest tax cuts in
history soon to be two unbelievable
Supreme Court justices I'm sure that
justice Cavanaugh will be approved
justice Gorsuch has been a star you look
at all of the things we've done with
regulations the economy is the best it's
ever been in history the only thing I'm
doing badly and as the press doesn't
cover me fairly thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
