joining us now senior member of the
Judiciary Committee Senate Democratic
whip dick Durbin of Illinois several
Democrats have canceled or refused
meetings with President trumps Supreme
Court nominee while Senator Durbin says
he will meet judge Brett Kavanaugh later
this morning senator thanks for being on
this morning there's a lot going on but
you feel it's important to meet with
Brett Cavanaugh and let things move
forward of course I do
this is a seventh Supreme Court nominee
that I will meet with I have a lot of
questions to ask of him particularly in
light of the verdicts and guilty pleas
it came down last Tuesday you see Brett
Kavanaugh as judge has some unusual
positions when President Clinton was
being investigated he was a rather
strident in pushing forward for that
investigation but then he came out and
publicly said he believed that president
should not be investigated or prosecuted
in office it was an interesting theory
and a change of his position but it's
completely relevant now in the
conversation that we're facing in light
of last Tuesday so what do you think of
your colleagues who are trying to push
put this off and and say that there are
bigger things going on do you think
that's fair well I do I don't disagree
with the premise here that in light of
all of the intrigue and accusations that
are swirling in Washington the thought
that we are going to put a person on the
Supreme Court for a lifetime appointment
who will be the swing vote for a
generation or more at a moment when we
are on the threshold of a constitutional
crisis I think argues to delay this to
beyond the election at least I'm gonna
meet with inside go ahead senator bond
is ktk here on the on the issue of
impeachment do you feel that the events
of the past two days have changed the
calculation in terms of raising
impeachment as a campaign issue ahead
into the midterms would it be now
something that you would advise some
demmick
candidates to confront head-on will talk
about absolutely not absolutely not let
me tell you I don't believe that we
should be testing the waters one way or
the other at this point let's let the
facts unfold in light of the Moller
investigation what both parties can do
to serve the cause of justice is to make
sure that Bob Muller completes his
investigation if at the end of the
investigation he says there's no
culpability on the part of the president
so be it
however he reaches an opposite
conclusion we have to take it to the
next step
senator it's Sam Stein here on this show
a little while ago I asked you if if the
Senate should delay that Brett Kavanaugh
considers you until after more produces
his report at the time you did not say
yes or no you just didn't answer I'm
wondering if the past week has changed
your calculus do you feel now that
Cavanaugh's confirmation consideration
should not happen before the Moller
report is dropped I do I do feel that
way for the reasons I mentioned earlier
this is a swing vote on the highest
court of the land a lifetime appointment
it will affect the decisions when it
comes to a woman's right to choose when
it comes to the pre-existing conditions
of families being used against them in
health insurance that'll be decided by
this Supreme Court nominee if there's
ever a time when we should at least
pause before we jump this is the time
senator durbin noah rothman of
commentary magazine so I've heard some
Democrats and liberal thought leaders
saying that they believe that this
president over this last week has lost a
lot of legitimacy and therefore his
nominees are illegitimate so even if
they're confirmed the legitimacy of for
example Brett Kavanaugh is in doubt that
seems to me like it's giving the Senate
short shrift the Senate confers
legitimacy upon a nominee a punkin of
confirmation is that how you see it or
do you think these liberal thought
leaders and fellow Democrats have a
point well I certainly see it the same
way but remember I'm in the minority in
the Senate even if it's a 50 to 49
effective minority we are at the mercy
of Mitch McConnell and the Republican
majority and there has been an abundant
amount of silence from the Republicans
since last Tuesday an indication that
they are afraid of this
they don't want to touch this president
for fear he'll explode in their face and
they're afraid to go back home and face
their loyal Republican primary voters
and tell them what most of the people in
America think that this situation is
dreadful Senator Durbin this is Eddie
Glaude from Princeton University I want
to return to the impeachment impeachment
question with Michael Cohen's admission
of guilt
Donald Trump has basically been and he's
now an unindicted co-conspirator to it
in terms of a felony right so why are we
waiting for
the Muller investigation he's already in
some interesting sort of way implicated
in a crime so can't we walk and chew gum
at the same time can't we have
candidates talk about impeachment as
well as put forward a progressive agenda
that's consistent well with the
Democratic Party's four people for the
people and the like yet we do both an as
opposed to one or the other off the top
of my head I can't think of a more
serious power in the Constitution than
the power of Congress to remove a
president we should take it as seriously
as it is written this is something that
has not been done in the history of the
United States
I expect the American people think that
we are going to take our time and do
this responsibly
let us not rush to any conclusion until
this investigation is completed senator
Donny Deutsch let's take a step back to
the Nixon days and as we've talked a lot
on the show is that his quarters
Republicans are with him till the very
end and then it tipped what would you
think would be the the current day
version of what it would take for that
same tipping point as for other
Republicans in the current president
well if you'll remember if I remember
and if you do as well that was after the
Supreme Court required the disclosure of
the tapes and I believe at that moment
there was a question about whether or
not there were 67 votes to impeach the
president and several Republican
senators I believe they included Barry
Goldwater went to President Nixon and
basically said to him no we can't
guarantee you 33 or 34 Republicans will
stand by you and at that point the
President Nixon decided that he would
leave we are a long way from that moment
if we'll ever reach it and I wouldn't
predict one where
the other at this moment all right
senator dick durbin thank you very much
for being on the show this morning good
to be with you
up next New York investigators push
forward with an investigation that's out
of the reach of the president's
pardoning power that is bad news for him
and his adult children morning Joe is
coming right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
