we begin with the very latest in
president Trump's former lawyer
implicating him in his guilty plea
yesterday Trump appeared to acknowledge
his attorneys campaign finance violation
and then walked it back in an interview
all while maintaining it's not a crime
and said he blamed Attorney General Jeff
Sessions for his former lawyers
prosecution the president tweeted
Michael Cohen pled guilty to two counts
of campaign finance violations that are
not a crime now what time was that tweet
Alex yeah in the morning okay okay
so then President Obama had a big
campaigns finance violation and it was
easily settled yes he talked about that
Trump was referring to a late filing on
small dollar donations by the Obama
campaign which resulted in a large fine
given the scale of the operation but is
different than knowingly concealing
campaign spending as pleaded to by Cohen
and which is routinely prosecuted in
criminal court as with the fraud case
against John Edwards under the Obama
Justice Department speaking of course to
Fox News that's where I told you he'd go
president Trump said it had nothing to
do with who is leading DOJ it has
everything to do with it
my first question when I heard about it
was did they come out of the campaign
because that could be a little dicey and
they didn't come out of the campaign and
that's big but they weren't that's not a
it's not even a campaign violation if
you look at President Obama he had a
massive campaign violation but he had a
different attorney general and they
viewed it a lot different been witness
tried to make sense of all the things
that he's piling on to this answer here
can you make a parallel between
violations the one that he's talking
about in the Obama administration and
the payoff to a porn star and a Playboy
bunny made right before I believe the
election was going into full four well
two ants to ask that question that way
is you know is the answer to it so
look the part of the what the president
says the only part that's true is that
it is the case that that normal campaign
finance violations are handed routinely
by the Federal Election Commission as a
civil matter and there's a system like
with any regulatory system of penalties
and fines and those are handled in
routine as routine matters and don't
invoke criminal offenses when you engage
in an elaborate scheme on the other hand
to circumvent those regulatory
requirements by hiding things by paying
people hush money that by not then
reporting those hush money payments as
campaign contributions
you're gonna invoke criminal authorities
or at least you may and that is the
difference between the what he calls
massive campaign finance problems that
the Obama administration isn't how the
campaign had which was some technical
filing errors for which they paid a fine
and a scheme to get your personal lawyer
to get tabloids or other entities to pay
off
former mistresses or paramours before
the election to keep them quiet
there's no comparison to be drawn there
there's none it's flabbergasting the
entire interview form many reasons is
actually staggering at this point and
the fact that he thinks he can push
things along by just mushing the truth
into complete drivel actually he doesn't
even make sense at times
Doni I've been thinking all day
yesterday about Michael Cohen and all
the witches that so far have been you
know brought in by Muller pled guilty or
indicted and I just if you look at what
Michael Cohen has pled guilty to how
stupid do these house tupid are these
people don't they know what is going to
happen if they have committed these
crimes if they're pleading guilty to
these acts
how did they not know that they wouldn't
be hauled in at this point and the next
question will be how stupid are
Republicans at this point to still stand
by this president to stand by all of
this and say nothing look at you we
don't even have enough room on the
screen pleading guilty pleading guilty
pleading guilty pleading guilty how
stupid are these people to think that it
wouldn't end like this let's unpack this
stupid suitcase okay because there's a
lot of living in there snoring with
Trump when you watch this Michael Cohen
I'm really I tell me about Michael Ayoob
and to me you're friends with him I'm
friends like I'm gonna get back to just
step back for a second and get into Cohn
what's amazing about that Trump
interview he says you know when I first
found out about this I was making sure
you was did this come from campaign like
there's not a tape that exists of him
directing Michael call and just say you
do it in cash like when he just found
out about it doesn't exist that audio
doesn't exist we haven't heard it that's
what's a story as far as code you know
Cole was an attorney working for Trump
and you know you're directed by your
boss and it's not I'm not using the
Nuremburg explanation but it's just I
don't think at that point you're saying
to yourself should I do this should I
not do this you're a lawyer you're
working for and he stood up and he's
facing the consequences I think I'm
gonna stay with the stupid place in the
case of Trump and the Republicans and
that that very brave gentleman Mitch
McConnell who you are the leader of the
Republican Party okay you are the face
other than after the president you are
if you know you go down that the totem
pole that PP fold and there it is and
the president's personal attorney as
it's pleaded guilty to taking directions
and violating a felon aslaug and you
have no comment you have no comment and
John I don't we're gonna stay in the
kind of this stupid universe what does
Mitch McConnell think when he thinks
people are watching you do you think
people know we won't ask you again
that's okay no I think what he thinks is
there in hell their whole hope is just
that they are productive enough and
serve the interests of enough voters
that they can spare the
sells disaster in November the timeline
is very short here for them it's from
here till the November elections
tailwinds are looking very bad for them
if they can just focus on their work
ignore Trump get judges get get Brett
Kavanaugh confirmed Paul Ryan then gets
to retire Mitch McConnell can say I did
all this there's nothing to do with this
guy that's so he doesn't want to talk
about it because there is nothing in it
for him
in in terms of this timeline from now
until November to say a single word
about Trump about Cohen about mana Ford
about Muller he is in a lockbox but my
anything he says is a disaster if he
says I no longer support Trump the
Republican base turns on him if he says
I support Trump he sells his soul his
wife is in the cabinet it's not good so
he just needs a microwave mica let me uh
let me ask a stupid question since we're
all on the stupid line to John's point
about what let's do business as usual
because if we do business and business
is OK the reality that ongoing in that
Fox poll is that basically and this the
signature work of the Trump
administration so far has been the tax
plan that is 11% less popular than the
signature work of the Obama
administration which is of course
Obamacare you take the enthusiasm polls
you take optimism for the next
generation which is down 11 points
that's all we going in the right
direction
you take the President on the water and
you take other than the core Republicans
nobody else thinks the economy is going
in the right direction so it's hard for
them to run on business as usual at this
point look it's either we've got so much
to cover and so much more to get you but
I will say it is flabbergasting how
stupid Michael Cohen and the other
witches are that we have covered in this
witch-hunt which I'll use the presidents
were I don't get the Republican Party at
this point because because they're
leaders and and it's about right and
wrong it's about the fabric of this
country it's about the truth and they're
not leaders and and they're letting
Americans down thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up to
on the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
