and thanks to at home for joining us
this hour you may have heard the news
today about a new subpoena for the
president's personal lawyer Michael
Cohen the same Michael Cohen who pled
guilty yesterday to eight felony charges
in federal court in New York Michael
Cohen did get a new subpoena
today it is a surprise Michael Cohen
reportedly reacted to that subpoena in a
surprising way I'll get to that in a
second
but I want to talk about that subpoena
here right at the top of the show
tonight because I think you should know
that it might be more than meets the eye
it might be very important in terms of
what's about to happen next and the
pressure and specifically the legal
pressure that is being brought to bear
on the President of the United States
all right so here's how it came to be in
May of this year May 22nd the New York
Times had a scoop that they probably
only got because they are specifically
the New York Times The New York Times
sent crack reporters to an otherwise
sleepy courthouse in Albany New York not
a federal courthouse a state court
because that day in that state court in
New York a longtime business partner of
Michael Cohen's a taxi cab mogul named
Jean Freedman who everybody called the
taxi King he was in court he had been
facing really serious charges in New
York tax evasion on a grand scale more
than five million dollars in tax evasion
also four felony counts of criminal tax
fraud he was facing a charge of grand
larceny it's a big stack of charges
involving a large amount of money and
potentially a ton of jail time and the
big story that the New York Times
uncovered at the courthouse that day was
that for some reason Jean Freedman had
managed to get this huge criminal
liability he was facing went out down to
almost nothing he was able to work out
some sort of deal where all of that
prison time and all of those felonies
just evaporated instead of being tried
for evading five million dollars in
taxes
prosecutors let him plead guilty to one
count of evading $50,000 worth of taxes
not five million but 50,000 instead of
decades in potential prison time the
deal that he cut with prosecute
got him zero prison time that's a deal I
mean people do plea deals all the time
in which they offer their cooperation to
prosecutors in exchange for prosecutors
letting them off the hook going a little
easy on them but this is like the mother
of all plea deals I mean the amount he
was able to offer them in terms of
cooperation must have been very very
valuable to the government given how
sweet the deal was that he got from them
in return so that happened in late May
great catch by the New York Times super
intriguing story a really good reminder
that it's always good journalistic
practice to just hang out at the
courthouse and see what happens since
then we haven't exactly known what's
been going on with with gene the taxi
King Friedman and his sweet plea deal
and his potential cooperation with
prosecutors we did get one big hint a
couple of weeks ago in The Wall Street
Journal and they reported that gene
Friedman the taxi King and Michael Cohen
hadn't just been business partners in
the taxi business they had shared an
accountant and the Wall Street Journal
reported at that same time that that
accountant had been subpoenaed by
federal prosecutors well now we see
where that was heading in in the list of
felony charges to which Michael Cohen
pled guilty yesterday in federal court
you can see where all of that stuff over
the past few months may have been
leading the financial charges and tax
charges that Cohen pled guilty to
yesterday are in large part about his
work in the taxi business the personal
loans the cash transfers the illegal
banking tricks that can be boring to
describe if you're looking for a kind of
cops and robbers story but they can be
very easy for prosecutors to prove once
they've got the paperwork to prove it
and and if and if they're really lucky
if they've got the testimony of an
accountant and a business partner to
explain whatever documentation they can
get from the banks so for obvious
reasons right there has been intense
national and political focus on the
final two charges that Michael Cohen
pled guilty to yesterday those are the
campaign finance charges in which he
remarkably directly implicated the
President of the United States as his
criminal co-conspirator as the person
who in fact directed him to commit those
crimes
but all of the other charges that got
Michael Cullen into that courtroom in
the first place yesterday appear to have
derived from the financial case
involving him in his taxi business in
that case appears to have derived in
significant part from that little
courthouse story out of Albany the New
York State Attorney General and the New
York state tax department bringing a big
criminal case against Cohen's partner in
the taxi business and then flipping him
like a flapjack and sleepy little state
court in Albany New York three months
ago today the law enforcement official
who who made that happen
is somebody who you might not might not
know her name is barbara Underwood
you probably remember the previous
Attorney General in the state of New
York he was very high-profile he ended
up getting turfed out of office in a
very ugly scandal involving serious
allegations of sexual abuse and sexual
misconduct his name was Eric
Schneiderman and he aggressively pursued
a national profile but when he imploded
New York state lawmakers decided they
would have the Solicitor General from
the state of New York slide over into
Schneiderman's office and become the
temporary acting AG I think they were
thinking we need a legal legal legal we
need a legal official Solicitor General
she argues cases can she take over for a
second I don't even know if New York
state lawmakers and their famous
fecklessness even had any idea exactly
what they had just done when they picked
on barbara Underwood I don't even know
if they quite understood exactly who
this was they were putting into the
attorney general's office in their state
but honestly barbara Underwood is a
bigger deal than any of them barbara
Underwood is freaking impressive she has
argued 20 cases before the Supreme Court
she was Magnum cum laude at Harvard she
was first in her class at Georgetown Law
School she was a clerk for Thurgood
Marshall yes that Thurgood Marshall she
taught for years at Yale Law School she
became acting Solicitor General's acting
Solicitor General of the United States
in 2001 that made her the first woman to
ever hold the Solicitor General title in
this country she's been a lead
prosecutor in multiple jurisdictions
including serving as the the chief
assistant US attorney in the Eastern
District of New York through a lot of
their most blockbuster
and cases she has an absolutely
impeccable reputation and lifelong
record and she is nothing to be messed
with and she's totally unassuming she is
74 years old when she suddenly became
New York State Attorney General all the
papers were like we don't have any
pictures of this person but she stepped
into that role in the midst of crisis
and she did not miss a step and I know
what you're thinking oh this is
fascinating Matt oh great now I have an
interesting biographical sketch of the
appointed Attorney General of New York
if it ever comes up at Pub Quiz I'll win
cash and prizes why do I care all right
how does this fit into this crisis that
the whole country appears to be in right
now
particularly around the president
possibly being a crook and or a foreign
agent and what we're gonna do about it
this is where that goes I mean right
biggest of big picture here is the
scandal surrounding the president right
which is which is different than any
other scandal any president has ever
faced the scandal the absolutely
unprecedented scandal surrounding this
particular president boils down to two
main things right number one
Russia when Russia interfere dinh our
election to sway it in Donald Trump's
direction did Donald Trump and or his
campaign conspire with Russia to help
them do that that's one part of it
absolutely unprecedented the other part
of it separate and potentially unrelated
is whether scrutiny of this president
brought on by the Russia investigation
or just by the normal scrutiny that
comes with being president is gonna end
up turning up business and financial
dealings including during the campaign
that could represent serious criminal
liability for this president for his
campaign even potentially for his family
right that's that's the two sides of the
unprecedented nature of the scandal that
surrounds this president the Russia
scandal and the worries about his
business and financial scandal and that
brings us back to Barbara Underwood so a
month after she flipped Jean the taxi
King Friedman securing his cooperation
with prosecutors in exchange for
leniency in the charges against him
which ultimately looks like it led to
the
conviction of michael cohen yesterday or
the guilty police from michael cohen
yesterday just one month after she
flipped gene friedman barbara underwood
filed a civil lawsuit this civil lawsuit
on behalf of the people of New York
against president Trump's Charitable
Foundation you can see there at the top
two people of the state of New York by
barbara D Underwood Attorney General of
the state of New York against Donald J
Trump Donald Trump jr. Ivanka Trump Eric
F Trump and the Donald J Trump
Foundation quote for more than a decade
the Donald J Trump Foundation has
operated in persistent violation of
state and federal law this pattern of
illegal conduct by the foundation and
its current members includes improper
and extensive political activity
repeated and willful self dealing
transactions and failure to follow basic
fiduciary obligations or to implement
even elementary corporate formalities as
required by law
lawsuit filed by barbara underwood
against the Trump foundation alleging
that before Trump ran for president he
used his foundation as a fake charitable
enterprise that really only benefited
himself once he started running for
president according to this lawsuit from
Barbara Underwood he basically converted
his foundation into a fake charitable
foundation that didn't just benefit
himself anymore now it was a vehicle for
making illegal campaign expenditures on
behalf of his campaign for president and
when she filed that lawsuit in June a
lot of the allegations that she made
against Trump's foundation were familiar
people particularly to anybody who
followed David Ferran holds Pulitzer
prize-winning reporting in the
Washington Post in which he had dogged
Lee catalogued the not at all charity
like finances of Donald Trump's supposed
foundation but in this lawsuit Underwood
added some very specific evidence
including dropping pictures of some of
it right into the text of the lawsuit
for example she put in stuff like this
handwritten note see that on the right
side of your screen there it's
handwritten on Donald J Trump's
stationery written in Donald J Trump's
very recognizable handwriting his
signature all caps style written with a
Sharpie to Alan W Allen Wisel Berg the
money guy at the Trump Organization
he apparently was listed as the
treasurer of the Trump Foundation for a
decade without even knowing he was
listed as such until he got deposed by
Barbara Underwood's investigators and
they told him and he was like I'm what
now I'm the treasurer I've been the
treasurer for how long nobody told me
but there's this note in the middle of
the lawsuit Alan W Donald J Trump
foundation $100,000 payment to Fisher
House and then in parentheses it says
what for settlement of flag issue in
Palm Beach okay
signed D Donald Trump's private club
mar-a-lago and Palm Beach had been sued
for violating local zoning restrictions
having to do with its flagpole when that
lawsuit got settled and Trump had to pay
money to settle that lawsuit Trump said
pay that out of the charity funds that's
not coming out of my pocket you cannot
use your charity for that
but Barbara Underwood caught him doing
it
Barbara Underwood files this blistering
lawsuit with lots of evidence including
the stuff just absolutely it like
literally embedded in the text of
velocity it's a civil lawsuit that she
brings in New York State but she
forwards all this evidence that she
gathered to the IRS for them to
investigate it's a potential criminal
tax matter she fors it to the Federal
Election Commission for them to
investigate it as a potential set of
criminal campaign finance violations she
C sees it too the Public Integrity
Division at the US Justice Department
and within New York State the state tax
department starts investigating that
evidence as well as laid out by Barbara
Underwood to see if in addition to her
civil lawsuit there should also be a
state criminal referral against the
Trump foundation and president Trump
personally and each of his three eldest
children personally and that is where
the subpoena came from today for Michael
Cohen the tax department in New York
State has subpoenaed him to testify as
they investigate whether that is going
to become a criminal case I said right
off the top Michael Cohen had an
unexpected response to that subpoena
this is from the Daily News this is
fascinating here's how the Daily News
explains how that went down
quote the state tax department which has
been investigating president Trump's
Charitable Foundation
today issued a subpoena to Trump's
former personal lawyer Michael Cohen and
it received an immediate response a
source with direct knowledge of the
situation tells the Daily News that
shortly after the subpoena went out
Michael Cohen personally contacted the
tax department to talk the source would
not say what the response was from the
tax department but typically in such
cases where someone has a lawyer
investigators deal with their counsel
and not directly with the person so in
New York State the Attorney General
Barbara Underwood and the tax division
in the state they're the ones who
brought these devastating charges
against Jean Freedman the taxi King
right threatening him with decades in
prison five million dollars in tax
evasion and all these multiple felonies
they put that pressure on him SQUOZE dim
flipped him it appears that cooperation
deal probably led to a number of the
felony charges that Michael Cohen just
pled to boom now the same dynamic duo
New York's Attorney General Barbara
Underwood and the tax division in New
York State they are now investigating
the Trump foundation Trump's supposed
charity for a potential criminal
referral and we know they've got a ton
of evidence because Barbara Underwood
laid it out in her civil case that is
the origin of the subpoena from Michael
Cohen today and according to The Daily
News he responded to that subpoena
immediately by personally calling back
the tax department does the for the text
Department didn't even really know how
to deal with it we're assuming you have
a lawyer sir no you want to just come
right in okay do you want us to fix you
a sandwich or anything you're right
outside all right Michael Cohen pled
guilty to eight felonies yesterday he's
out on bail today and that thing that
started yesterday right at almost
exactly the same moment that Trump's
campaign chairman was being convicted of
eight felonies right Trump's personal
lawyer Michael Cohen pleads guilty to
eight felonies and he personally
implicates the president in the criminal
behavior to which he himself is pleading
guilty that all started yesterday but
Michael Cohen still out on bail and so
apparently it's still unfolding today
again in this lawsuit brought by the New
York Attorney General that case is
brought against
Trump's foundation Trump himself and
Ivanka Don Jr and Eric Trump they are
all named explicitly in that case in the
lawsuit
Barbara Underwood accuses Ivanka Don Jr
and Eric of quote abdicating all
responsibility for ensuring that the
Foundation's assets were used in
compliance with the law I mean if that
case is gonna become a criminal matter
and that's what's in process here if
it's gonna be a criminal case and not
just a civil lawsuit by the state of New
York that could end up being a very
serious matter for not just Trump's
charity and the president himself but
also for his three eldest children
should also note that because it's a
state case there won't be any way to
parking people out of jeopardy in that
case you can only pardon someone if
you're president for federal crimes but
there are also you should know serious
allegations about the Trump campaign in
this same lawsuit from the lawsuit quote
in 2016 the board knowingly permitted
the foundation to be co-opted by mr.
Trump's presidential campaign mr.
Trump's political committee extensively
directed and coordinated the
Foundation's activities quote the
foundation ceded control over the grants
to the campaign making an improper
in-kind contribution of no less than two
point eight to three million dollars to
the campaign quote the Foundation's
grants made Trump in the campaign look
charitable and increase the candidates
profile to Republican primary voters
quote mr. Trump's wrongful use of the
foundation to benefit his campaign was
willful and knowing right absolutely
damning stuff about the Trump campaign
as well in this lawsuit from New York
Attorney General Barbour Underwood so to
the extent that Michael Cohen might be
helping with this might now be
participating and what may end up being
a criminal inquiry into the Trump
foundation that has legal implications
for the Trump foundation for Donald
Trump himself for Don Jr Eric Ivanka and
for the Trump campaign and then there's
also the Trump Organization the Trump
business which is also apparently quite
seriously implicated in Michael Cohen's
guilty plea yesterday in federal court
michael cohen made what is described as
an illegal payoff to stormy Daniels
during the campaign to keep her from
telling her story about an alleged
affair with Donald Trump Cohan explains
in his plea and prosecutors elaborate in
the criminal information they filed
around this plea that Donald Trump
directed him to do that but then also
Michael Cohen thereafter got paid back
for having put out that money in that
illegal payoff and as prosecutors tell
the story it was the Trump Organization
that was used as the entity to pay Cohen
back quote on or about February 14th
2017 the day after Mike Flynn was fired
just in case you're counting honor about
February 14 2017 Michael Cohen the
defendants sent an executive of the
company the Trump Organization executive
won the first of his monthly invoices
requesting pursuant to a retainer
agreement payment for services rendered
for the months of January and February
2017 the invoice listed $35,000 for each
of those two months executive one
forwarded the invoice to another
executive of the company executive to
the same day by email and it was
approved executive one forwarded that
email to another employee at the company
stating quote please pay from the trust
post to legal expenses put retainer for
the months of January and February 2017
in the description now the company in
question is the Trump Organization Trump
business who are executive one an
executive two we don't know but that
notation that the money to Cohen paying
him back for the illegal pay off during
the campaign that should be paid from
the trust
well the trust in this case is that's
supposedly independent entity that
president Donald Trump signed over all
his business interest to after he was
sworn in as president right that's the
entity a month after he was sworn in
that started systematically paying
Michael Cohen for having made that
illegal pay off during the campaign
that's where the money came from and who
controls the trust that was making these
payments well the president says the
trust is now run by these guys his
eldest sons Donald Jr and Eric Trump
president put his business interest in a
Trump put his sons in charge of it it is
the trust that paid Cohen back for his
felonious illegal payments during the
campaign again from the from the
criminal information quote executive one
forwarded that email to another employee
at the company stating please pay from
the trust Eric and Don Jr run the trust
so the president's personal lawyer
yesterday in federal court directly
implicated the President himself in at
least two felonies to which Michael
Cohen himself has now pled guilty last
night on CNN
Michael Cohen's lawyer Lanny Davis
suggested that Michael Cohen also has
information to share that would be of
interest to prosecutors that relates to
the Trump foundation the charity today
that made something happen in the world
the people who are investigating the
Trump foundation as a potential criminal
matter subpoenaed Michael Cohen to give
them whatever testimony he's got about
the Trump foundation he apparently
sprinted right over in addition last
night Cohen's lawyer Lanny Davis told us
here on this show that Michael Cohen
also has information about the president
potentially having advance notice of the
criminal hacking that happened during
the campaign in which Russian government
hackers attacked Democratic Party
computers to wreak havoc and steal
information that was used to help Trump
win the election we don't know exactly
what Lanny Davis meant by that very
carefully worded statement that he made
on this show last night but today there
has been a lot of focus on this
reference on page 16 of the criminal
information against Cohen and which
prosecutors say that when Michael Cohen
got his reimbursement from the Trump
Organization from the Trump business for
these expenses he had made during the
campaign the expenses of these you know
the payoff which he now admits was an
illegal felonious expenditure when he
got reimbursement for that for the
illegal payoff he also asked the Trump
Organization to pay him back fifty
thousand dollars for quote tech services
and prosecutors say in the criminal
information that $50,000 claim quote in
fact Cohen had solicited from a
technology company during an in
connection with the campaign Michael
Cohen supposedly wasn't
to campaign at all so under what
circumstances would he have been
spending a nice round fifty thousand
dollars on something tech related that
in fact was for the campaign that he
would later seek reimbursement from
reimbursement for from the Trump
Organization he sought that
reimbursement for that $50,000 in Tekken
spenders right alongside the
reimbursement he was always already
getting from them for his illegal cash
payoff to stormy Daniels the one that
he's now going to do prison time for we
don't know that $50,000 was was that
Michael Cohen laid out to benefit the
campaign and then he was paid back for
by the Trump Organization we don't know
what that was but I will note for the
record just because you should know this
is out there that what Michael Cohen is
accused of in the steel dossier is
meeting with Kremlin representatives in
August and September 2016 to discuss
quote deniable cash payments to
operatives who were participating in the
anti Clinton hacking campaign organized
by the Russian government quote
according to redacted the agenda
comprised questions on how deniable cash
payments were to be made to hackers who
had worked in Europe under Kremlin
direction against the Clinton campaign
and various contingencies for covering
up those operations so he was there to
discuss how to pay for the Russian
hacking effort according to the steel
dossier if that really happened is that
something you might build to the Trump
Organization as tech services alongside
the porn star payoff that you billed to
the Trump Organization as legal retainer
last night we talked about the fact that
the closest parallel in American
presidential history to what happened to
Donald Trump yesterday is probably March
1st 1974 that's that they Richard Nixon
saw the indictment of his campaign
chairman and his his chief of staff and
other top White House aides when the
grand jury indicted those seven top
Nixon staffers in 1974 we would soon
learn that that grand jury also named
the President himself as an unindicted
co-conspirator that was March 1st 1974
by the end of that summer by August
Nixon resigned the presidency which then
actually led to a fascinating few days
of fierce national legal debate
to whether or not Nixon could actually
get indicted then once he was no longer
president once there was no longer any
constitutional issue as to whether he
was protected from indictment because of
the fact that he was a sitting president
we'll get to that in a in a few minutes
with Michael Beschloss tonight but but
in this case now in 2018 with this
president there's no grand jury here and
there was no indictment because Michael
Cohen pled guilty in open court rather
than go through the process of being
indicted and going on trial he pled
guilty and he apparently wants to talk
about everything he knows but no less so
than in 1974 because of Michael Cohen
this president has now been named as an
unindicted co-conspirator and there are
constitutional questions as to whether
or not any president can be indicted
while they are still serving as
president but there are no sets
constitutional issues for any potential
indictments coming down this same road
that are for people or entities not
specifically named Donald J Trump
indictments for the Trump campaign
people who served on the Trump campaign
the Trump Organization people who work
at the Trump Organization the Trump
Foundation and importantly the people
who are on the board of the Trump
Foundation who are named Donald J Trump
Donald Trump jr. Eric Trump and Ivanka
Trump nothing in the Constitution
protects anybody other than the
president from indictment while he's
still serving as president nothing
protects his family or any of his
business entities from legal
accountability and as of today it looks
like that's where this is going hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
