thing once and I Donald Trump's rally in
West Virginia last night was a bit muted
for obvious reasons but he did find one
thing to get excited about and my record
is I look I don't want to brag about it
but man do I have a good record of
endorsement you know all my life I've
heard endorsements don't mean anything
they said if you get an endorsement from
Ronald Reagan we like Ronald Reagan it
was a wonderful thing to have but it
didn't move the needle who is nice to
have but it didn't mean anything these
endorsements and I'm not saying it from
my standpoint they're going 20 30 40 50
points 50 points it's crazy
and then you watch the news will this
endorsement mean anything let me say
it's good to me a lot it's true
Donald Trump is really good at
endorsements just cast this guy I'm
conservative businessman Foster Friess Y
only has smiled on me my family now I'm
running for governor to make sure Y only
stays the land of dreams for the next
generation I know what it takes to
foster prosperity without raising taxes
it's my first name wait
taxes are first name Oh No foster right
so how did foster fare with Trump's
complete and total endorsement it's
thing to in 60 seconds if you don't
remember who Foster Friess is well this
is who he is
this contraceptive thing my gosh it's so
it's such an expensive yeah back in my
days they use Bayer Aspirin for
contraceptives the gals put it between
their knees and it wasn't that costly
excuse me I'm just trying to catch my
breath from that mr. freeze frankly that
guy billionaire Republican donor and
menu shouldn't go to for medical advice
Foster Friess decided to run for
governor Wyoming is here and Donald
Trump who we know has a good record on
these things swooped in on primary day
to deliver his complete and total
endorsement these endorsements and I'm
not saying it from my standpoint they're
going 20 30 40 50 points 50 points it's
crazy
so last night was the big election did
Foster Friess win by 20 points 30 points
50 billionaire Foster Friess falls short
in his bid for Wyoming governor
overnight the Trump backed Republican
donor beaten by State Treasurer Mark
Gordon and the GOP primary I look I
don't want to brag about it but man do I
have a good record of endorsement
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
