whether the Saudis also need to
understand the Washington Post is not
going away right here hey the guy the
guy that runs for Washington Post you
know you know what that guy did he took
it he took on the Catholic Church the
Catholic Church the most powerful
institution certainly the most powerful
institution in Boston which will Boston
newspaper he took down the Catholic
Church you are so arrogant to think that
you're not going to see this for the
rest of your life you are so arrogant to
think they're not going to pick your
country apart every day you will never
have a day's rest it will follow you and
your country and your finances and your
personal lives every second for the rest
of your life you screwed up there's a
stronger word I'd like to use but I've
already used it on this show once so I
won't use it again they're coming after
you and they're not gonna stop and
they're coming after you not with saws
not with bullets not with bribery
they're coming after you with facts and
a team of angry journalists who aren't
going to leave a scrap on your country's
bones unless you do something and clean
this mess interstate reporting on a
Capitol Hill whisper campaign to smear
Jamal khashoggi it is reportedly led by
some on the right in an effort to defend
President Trump against criticism he
appears to be defending Saudi Arabia's
leaders over khashoggi disappearance for
GOP officials tell the Post that in
recent days some conservative House
Republicans who are these people
allied with Trump have been privately
exchanging articles from right-wing
outlets that fuel suspicion of khashoggi
highlighting his association with the
Muslim Brotherhood in his youth and
raising conspiratorial questions about
his work decades ago as an embedded
reporter covering Osama bin Laden
yesterday the rumors surfaced during a
panel
on Fox News now some things have come
out and we're just reporting the facts
you don't Lisa we don't have to fall
down one way or the other on this but
khashoggi was tied to the Muslim
Brotherhood and in their work that's
exactly Harris too stable he was tied to
the Muslim Brotherhood well what was it
them
so throughout his career he was a
government spokesperson for the royal
family who worked for Prince Turkey when
he was in Washington DC and at times had
written and worked with some Muslim
brother members in Saudi Arabia but he
was always making Brotherhood folks
minore a journalist and so I mean he's
been tied up with the credit him and not
saying you are I think some of his
tweets showed sympathy to the Muslim
Brotherhood as well I'm putting it in
the mix I'm just putting it out there
that's very Trump like I'm just saying
like I'm just putting something there so
a complete lie by the way I'm just gonna
put it out there because that's my
responsibility to lie Jonathan lumière
we probably response a complete lie and
and if you look at what it's a serve
with the sleeves merchants on Capitol
Hill are doing with the sleeves
merchants on talk radio we're doing
we're not gonna even mention their names
because they're so sleazy
they actually give sleazy a bad name
they're they're they're actually saying
that he's affiliated with al-qaeda
because he was a reporter like a lot of
reporters who reported out there on
Osama bin Laden in the 80s and the 90s
and the Mujahideen
that's like what year that's like when
your father I remember was working to
try to overthrow the Soviet government
in Afghanistan yeah it worked with the
Mujahideen guess what that's what we
were doing we're trying to win the Cold
War and now understand history to be
able to yeah but it's incredible that
this is I guess if people want to ask
how low the far white right the sleaze
merchants can go this is a pretty good
place to start there's a pretty good
case study I mean
and again we've seen this some of the
president's allies on the hill and
certainly in the conservative media who
have carried his water whether it was
when he thought accused President Obama
of wiretapping Trump Tower there are
people out there who are willing to give
him cover on no matter what issue it is
and this is a case I know we're talking
about this maybe it's it seems like
Trump is starting to distance himself
from the royal family in Riyadh but the
Trump ministration has bet big on MBS
they bet they've made Saudi Arabia the
linchpin of their Middle East strategy
or try to come up peace in the region as
a bulwark against the you know the
threats you know terror threats and
extremism they're in and certainly Iran
and it is going to be difficult for him
them to untangle themselves so right now
in this sort of precarious moment the
president's allies are out there doing
his work to try to give him some cover
and by the way you know what does not
work in Middle America Willie and Donnie
smearing a guy who's preaching reform
against Saudi sheiks who carved his body
up while he was still alive it doesn't
it doesn't play well in Peoria or in
Tuscola those ought to forget politics
on a purely human level if you're a part
of this smear campaign think about what
you're saying think about what you're
saying you're saying a man who went into
a consulate to get a marriage license
and left in pieces in a bag after he was
tortured and murdered he's the bad guy
Wow
that's what you're saying he's a bad guy
think about what you're doing this
morning look in the mirror and think
about what you're doing by the what's
pathetic it's pathetic and what are they
gonna do now Donnie the Donald Trump the
president itíd States the guy who's
bidding they're doing seems to be moving
in the other direction saying well I
think he was killed and it does look
like MBS and I didn't really know MBS
now what are they gonna like to thank
everything else Trump will leave
toxicity in his path and all those who
stood by him will be standing there I
made a little joke before we were going
to breaking Alex yelled at me because
the muscles talkers are gonna break but
little Jerry cleaners can be very upset
because his Crown Prince buddy they're
not gonna be able to do their future
dealings together and Javits can be very
upset Chris large
so what can I have such a nice
relationship with the crown prince's
that's Jared Kushner he's very upset
because his little Crown Prince buddy
always worked so hard and you know what
people forget
I don't know that's Jenna listen Jared
was hanging out all weekend with MBS all
weekend right before he did what he did
with with the Saudi or other Saudi
princes he was there all weekend and and
and then he leaves and boom suddenly
everybody goes under house arrest and
gets tortured in the Ritz and you just
wonder whether Jared gave him the
go-ahead hey listen you do what you want
to do we're not gonna bother you by the
way the woman pushing back was Marie
harf a former Obama State Department
spokesperson push back on that Fox host
suggestions that Jamal khashoggi a
Washington Post columnist who was
murdered at the hands of the Saudis that
he wasn't clean I don't know how gossip
and rumors and smear campaigns end up
being parodied by the press that is as
disgraceful as it really is everybody by
the way I get to say Fox a bad moment
has done a good job at times over the
past month or so calling all out and and
and boy they should really be saluted
for that because that is so important
they need to call that I hope management
does something I need to call them up
back in August president by the way will
call Donnie out story it hurts when a
member of the press is is treated this
way and give a president who calls the
press to enter the people and you have a
press under siege when most of us are
trying to do our jobs and stick to the
facts anyhow coming up thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
