the nation's capital rocked as the White
House confronts legal danger on its own
doorstep two new felons close to Donald
Trump and today things are not slowing
down ahead I'm gonna talk to Michael
Cohen associates Sam Nunn Berg live
right here on the beat about Cohen's
guilty plea also joining me Democratic
senator who says all remedies should be
on the table including possible
indictment of the president but we want
to start with the jaw-dropping new
defense from Donald Trump's allies first
it was truth is in truth you may
remember that one today its crimes
aren't crimes believe that Michael Cohen
pled guilty to actions that are called
crimes in the plea deal that aren't in
fact crimes there are no restrictions on
what a candidate can contribute to his
own campaign so if in fact the president
directed Cohen to do as his lawyer and
was going to compensate him for it
the president committed no crime if
crime this really isn't a campaign
violation and it's certainly not
criminal all right let me be very clear
about this this is a crime Michael Cohen
already pleaded guilty to it but the
president is making this bizarre
argument to first saying on Twitter that
Cohen pleaded guilty to something that
is quote not a crime and then later
downplaying it on TV about the payment
later on I knew later on but you have to
understand easily what he did and they
weren't taken out of campaign finance
that's a big thing that's a much bigger
thing did they come out of the campaign
they didn't come out of the campaign
they came from me in fact my first
question when I heard about it was did
they come out of the campaign because
that could be
a little dicey and they didn't come out
of the campaign and that's big
all right so Cohen in court said
something different he said that Trump
did know about the payments that he made
them in coordination with Trump that is
according to Cohen and at his direction
Cohen also made a secret recording of
Trump in 2016 which appears to show him
planning the path to Karen McDougal and
in a media blitz take Cohen's lawyer
Lanny Davis argued Trump in fact
committed a crime very clearly there is
no dispute that Donald Trump committed a
crime we lied on Air Force One when he
said he knew nothing about it there's no
question that having pled to a felony
yesterday and saying that mr. Trump
directed him to do what he did that mr.
Trump would be guilty of the same crime
all right so Davis also hinted that
Cohen might know about potential
wrongdoing by the Trump foundation and
today here in New York New York State
subpoena Cohen as part of its criminal
probe into the Trump Foundation with me
now former federal prosecutor Ali Hoenig
who worked for the office prosecuting
Michael Cohen Maya Wiley former counsel
to the mayor of New York City and New
York congressman Hakeem Jeffries who
serves on the Judiciary Committee it's
great to have all three of you with us
congressman if I may begin with you
let's start with Michael Kohn a little
bit did Michael Cohen plead guilty to
crimes or not how do you see this well
he absolutely pled guilty to a crime and
during his allocution in open court made
clear that the President of the United
States then a candidate was an active
participant in that criminal activity
and let's just take a step back and look
at the totality of the situation there
was clearly a crowd of illegitimate see
hanging over 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
that's growing bigger by the day you've
got Michael Flynn guilty George
papadopolis guilty Paul Manafort guilty
you've got Michael Cohen of course
guilty these are individuals who are
incredibly close to the President of the
United States of America and we've got
to get an answer to the question what
did the president know when did he know
it when this crime spree was taking
place all around
we've got to clean up corruption with
this administration in Washington DC
restore our democracy for the people we
played Maya some sound bytes of those
that are coming out and defending the
president saying that this is not a
crime I some to maybe some extent are
saying yeah maybe it's legally a crime
but it's like a smaller crime a
misdemeanor what is your read of what
Michael Cohen did in terms of a campaign
finance violation is it significant or
is it not as it's being blown out of
proportions for political reasons this
is extremely significant because it goes
directly to whether or not a candidate
Donald Trump directed Michael Cohen his
attorney to essentially quiet a scandal
that might potentially interfere with
his election that's exactly what the
election laws are designed around it's
explicit that a candidate must declare
even if it's his or her own money must
declare the fact that they are using it
to advance their campaign so any way you
slice it this is significant does it
vary based on the amount of money no if
somebody did it for $5.00 as opposed to
a quarter million of dollars to to to to
women well I look we've got $130,000
payment and I think 120 so look there's
no question that we're talking about a
large sum of money but I think the issue
here is if you're trying to protect what
Lindsey Graham himself said in the
context of Bill Clinton's impeachment
process that it's about it's about
cleansing the office and of the
presidency this is actually a
significant issue I think the fact that
we have a president who's also said
inconsistent things about it regularly
demonstrates that there's a real issue
about whether our commander in chief is
actually a commander in thief
interesting point there let me ask you
about that money aspect alan dershowitz
as you heard earlier in that soundbite
making the argument that if the
president is asking somebody to do it if
he's commanding him to do it paying out
of his own money that it's not a crime
had Cohen gone off and done this on his
own without the president's knowledge he
would be the person liable for this to
that to that end do you agree with Alan
Dershowitz if not you know Trump's
saying that there's no crime here
because it's his own money how
you see it yeah all due respect to
professor Dershowitz I think he's wrong
here you know what we're seeing is sort
of the three-step shuffle that we've
seen from the president and his
defenders over and over again which is
admit the conduct then deny the conduct
then deny that it's criminal and
professor Dershowitz is part of that
know it even under professor Dershowitz
is Reid it's an expenditure and if it's
an expenditure it needs to be reported
and the president did not report it
therefore he filed false paperwork with
federal authorities so either way the
president is in criminal trouble and but
how severe is that to not report it I
mean it could be negligence and
negligence and itself is not as
significant as the intent to cover-up
that's a key question but if he knew
about it and I had her sample evidence
that he knew then it's more than
negligence then it's willful keep in
mind this is effectively what John
Edwards was prosecuted for and brought
to trial four years ago now Edwards was
acquitted because there wasn't enough
proof that the expenditures were made to
protect him in the campaign the argument
was he was trying to protect his privacy
and his family here though if you look
at the amounts as well as Maya pointed
out and the timing right these actual
alleged Affairs happen many many years
before and then just weeks before the
election that's when they need to come
in Michael Cohen was reimbursed after
the president got into the White House
reimbursed after and remember that Rudy
Giuliani as a legal representative of
the president said imagine if this had
come out on October 15th 2016
he himself even as he was trying to
argue this was about protecting the
marriage of the president in the same
breath the election and the politics of
it so let's speak a little bit about the
politics of it given what we're seeing
emerge over the past 24-48 hours are we
beginning to see Republicans crack here
in their unity around the president or
support for this president do other
colleagues share your sentiment that you
expressed earlier that there's a cloud
of suspicion over 16-hundred that needs
to be addressed well I certainly hope so
because this is not really a democratic
issue a Republican issue it's an
American issue but unfortunately what
we've seen from my colleagues on the
House Judiciary Committee on the
Republican side and throughout the
Republican Conference is that they've
engaged not as Americans but as part of
the cover-up caucus basically to hide
and to cover
the things that Donald Trump has done
relative to crimes that may have been
committed at his direction or through
his underlings possibly connected to
collusion with Russia to sellout our
democracy and instead of trying to get
to the bottom of what has occurred
basically are taking orders from Donald
Trump Trump to cover it all up and
that's shameful
that's it responsible and that's a
dereliction of duty relative to who we
are as a separate and co-equal branch of
government let me ask you my really
quickly about the juxtaposition of
Donald Trump's reaction to what happened
with Paul Manafort and what has happened
with Michael Cohen Michael Cohen he's
saying he was a bad lawyer if you're
looking for a good lawyer don't hire him
a bit of a dig there but when it came to
Paul manna for praise saying he felt
sorry for him expressing sympathy for
him
saying he was a brave man why the
difference how do you read the
difference between these two men that
served very intimately with the
president very clearly Michael Cohen
flipped on the president he pointed the
finger he called him out he said he
committed a crime Paul Manafort refused
to actually cooperate with prosecutors
he did not plead guilty to any of his
crimes he went through the entire court
process and had to be actually found
guilty by a jury of his peers so what
the president is signaling both to both
to Paul Manafort
as well as to others out there who may
have to make a decision about whether or
not they're gonna cooperate with
prosecutors and investigators he's
saying if you stick by me I will stick
by you if you turn on me I will come at
you guns blazing and to that point let's
ask about pardons because this is kind
of like the big question every wants to
know it was certainly something sarah
huckabee Sanders was asked about it
today take a listen to Laney davis
talking about a possible pardon from
michael cohen is he hoping for a pardon
from president Trump not only is he not
hoping for he would not accept a pardon
he considers a pardon from somebody who
has acted so corruptly as president to
be something he would never accept all
right so what is your take on what you
just heard there from Lanny Davis I take
Wendy Davis at his word on that I don't
think there's any chance Michael Cohen
receives apartment and even if
it wouldn't necessarily shut him off but
mana for I think we need to watch very
carefully for he's a 69 year old man
he's now been convicted of eight federal
crimes he's looking at time in prison
that could be all or much of the rest of
his natural life and so he doesn't have
too many outs left anymore one of them
is cooperating but that's a that's a big
river to cross and the other one is a
pardon and I think what the President
may be doing in it as Maya pointed out
is setting the stage for a pardon
because if the president pardoned mana
for I think we would all see what's
going on he that's to keep him quiet he
wants to keep from cooperating take away
that other option but by saying he's
been so unfairly prosecuted it enables
the president to say no this is what
pardons are for I believe it was an
unjust prosecution maybe you disagree
with me but I'm the president and I can
do that if I want
yeah and we'll certainly see if that
happens after the trial in DC
congressman fried leg oh I got to ask
you about the politics of what this
means going into the midterm elections
in the spring you said the Democrats
have no interest in going down the road
to impeachment is that still the case
should Democrats and members of Congress
consider impeachment against this
president well I think House Democrats
we're gonna remain focused on our
Florida people agenda which means
pocketbook issues we're gonna drive down
the cost of health care that are
spiraling out of control because of
Republican recklessness we're gonna
increase the pay of the American worker
we've got wage stagnation
underemployment challenges throughout
America and we're going to focus on
cleaning up corruption now we fought for
the recruit cruiser of Jeff Sessions he
recused himself we fought for the
appointment of a special counsel Bob
Millar was appointed so now we just have
to let Muller be Muller do his work
finish the investigation report to the
American people report to Congress
report to the Department of Justice and
then at that point we'll let the chips
fall where they may
hey I'm all remember from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our youtube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
