all right we're back along with Sam
number we've also got Maya Wiley at back
with a same I know you were concerned
about Michael Cohen what are your
thoughts about his legal situation right
now
well I'm very sad and I sympathize I
mean now I may say I don't believe my
going to comes to these issues I don't
necessarily believe them do I believe
that he's saying what he said yesterday
in terms of his guilty plea new I
believe that the President did not know
at that time about storming Daniel's
which is why it which is why Trump org
did not pay for it I don't think I think
if Michael wanted to I think if the
president wanted to take care of an
issue like this he would have taken care
of it with Trump poured money he had the
money to do it yeah but you just
suggested that Michael Cohen did these
types of things for the president
exactly how do you reconcile those two
things that the president expected
Michael Cohen to take care of these
situations even as his fixer because
Michael would take care of what I'm
saying is is that he didn't know the
president has said he didn't learn about
the specific payment yeah until after
the election I believe he didn't know
about the payment till after the
election based on the fact that Michael
took out the money himself to pay it he
could have gone he could have run to the
CFO who's already been subpoenaed he
could have talked to Allen weiselberger
to gotten the money so therefore I don't
believe what Michael specifically I want
to hear the specifics about what they're
exactly saying because all I have is
that all I have is what the reporting is
and I read the transcript it's kind of
vague to me if he's saying that he
directly spoke to the president about
Norma Dan when was the last time really
quickly that you spoke to Michael Cullen
it was interesting so I so I used to run
into Michael Manu staying at the hotel
because Steve Madden stays in the same
hotel and Michael had texted me a couple
weeks ago I was looking for yesterday it
takes me a couple weeks of okaz I said
if I you know we can communicate lawyer
to lawyer he asked for my attorneys
contact information I gave it and my
attorney had never heard from his
attorney
Mike did you want to weigh in on what
what he was saying about the timeline of
the president knowing and not knowing
yeah well I first of all I would say you
know obviously Sam you know Michael
Cohen and I do not and obviously you
have more of a window into the operation
sure no Trump so I don't dispute that I
think from a legal standpoint there is
so much evidence both direct and
circumstantial that suggests number one
the president at that point in the
election
the issue of his sexual
conduct was an issue in the election and
therefore it seems when you have someone
say and you have a conversation where
the president is directly talking about
cash versus a non cash transaction even
if it's in one of the other counts that
Michael Cohen pled guilty to it suggests
a pattern of behavior that is consistent
with what Michael Cohen pled guilty to
and I think my other question would be
why plead guilty if in fact to that it
and implicate the president if he didn't
have actual if he wasn't actually
directed by the president doesn't help
him one way or the other
he's already guilty of the count he
doesn't benefit by by implicating the
president when he's already pled guilty
to his own campaign finance violation
what do you make of the fact that Lanny
Davis has been saying he has something
to offer
Bob Muller and even suggested it had to
do with the hack and the attack on our
democracy look when I was in when I was
in the Special Counsel when I gave a
grand jury testimony I was in there
around five to six hours and but there
could have a lot of it had to do
specifically with Michael and the fact
that they then I don't but they put out
Michaels a case to the Southern District
meant to me that they didn't really
believe that Michael had anything of
value
for them that's my perhaps a professor
has a different interpretation but I or
has a different idea but I thought that
in light of that in light of the amount
of time and I'm I mean they spent more
time with me on Michael than I then on
Roger stone II what were they proving
you about Michael what were they trying
to get out about Michael Michael's role
in the campaign what Michael's type of
role was going to be and other and other
issues I just you know business type
issues which just general things I had
seen around Trump were trying to just I
want to get into there was nothing
there's nothing
felonious it's nothing guilty or
criminal but okay I don't believe it is
okay to that point do you think you use
the word Michael Cohen has flipped is
that your assessment of what Michael
Cohen is doing now that he has flipped
on the president do you see it as we all
thought this once he hired Lanny
this we all I mean I had heard from
obviously mutual friends and mutual
reporters that he talked to that he was
very upset with the president once again
I like Michael personally I understand I
sympathize with it but the minute he got
lanny davis there the minute he retained
lanny davis for somebody like me that
was that was well that's a little
inappropriate to me and i see where
you're going with this and when you have
you know and Landy has said this today
Landy basically wants him to be the john
dean to impeach this president and I
don't believe whatever Michael has is of
that type of value do you think that it
was wrong for Michael Cohen to not trust
the president and take the president in
some of the conversations that they were
having you know my idea what first of
all yes number two if he number two I
can tell you that I don't believe
Michael did that tape because Michael
wanted to protect himself forever
envisioned that he would be prosecuted
by a special counsel one he envisioned
that he would be in the White House I
think that if he did those tapes as
opposed to the phone calls let's say you
have an iPhone and you just and you just
take every phone call automatic yeah
don't worry I don't have one of those
but if you walk in and you're
essentially wearing a wire to somebody
where you've professed that you would
take a bullet for him you know there was
internal internal politics he was always
the one that was the closest to the
president he was the most loyal one this
or that you know maybe he really wasn't
and that was very very surprising to me
yeah well there's obviously a lot of
speculation as to whether the president
has also been loyal to any of his own
associates and stuff so I can I'm not
arguing that the president right I
listen I've said the president did not
treat me well yeah okay with that tor
turn to the bridge for me it was a long
time ago but with that said I understand
and that's when I say I sympathize
without Michael feels I sympathize with
the fact that Michael did not get a job
in the White House and oh by the way
wouldn't have been better had they just
given Michael a job in the EOB you
didn't have to be in the West Wing I
think things would have been a little
different had they done that with that
said the fact that he was taping him I
think he was taping him so that let's
say you can have a meeting with him one
day you can be off-site and he could
show and he could play to show you that
he was important he had this
relationship with the president he would
show you off the record little do you
know like he'd be taping you two with
one of the other phones let me get your
reaction to the fact that Michael Cohen
was the subject of his interview with
the grand jury for a substantial amount
of time
the agreement yesterday that Michael
Cohen signed does not necessarily
exclude him from cooperating with Robert
Muller in fact that still very much is
what is very much still on the table and
is what a lot of legal analysts have
expected to happen or are expecting to
happen for what happened yesterday
Howie Davis I think basically suggested
it yeah exactly so so how significant is
Michael Cohen to the Muller
investigation I think if you have
someone who has the length of history
working for Donald Trump in multiple
capacities right not just as an attorney
but also connected to some of his
business transactions including working
on trying to get Trump Moscow right the
Trump Hotel Moscow there's no question
that that's going to relate to the
Muller investigation that's also clear
that he's going to have all the
documents that he had not just the tapes
but also documents email exchanges are
all going to be significantly important
into trying to understand what the
communications relationships were
between Donald Trump close associates
business transactions and even the
possibility of whether there was any
compromise on Donald Trump so I don't
think there's any question that Michael
Cohen was always going to be a relevant
if not someone who actually committed
crimes someone who might be a fact
witness or have documents or evidence I
think the fact that Michael Cohen was
being asked you were being asked
questions about Michael Cohen I mean I
think you previously have talked about
how many questions you got about Roger
stone and I think there's no question we
might see some indictments from on Roger
stone coming down the pike but even if
Michael Cohen hadn't committed any
crimes I think he would have been
someone who was going to be significant
to the Muller investigation to
understand what he knew and what he had
what we see here is Muller kicked it out
to the Southern District because it made
sense Michael Cohen was in New York the
crimes related to this were happened in
New York it is part of the Justice
Department and they have the ability to
actually leverage that evidence in the
Muller investigation so let me ask you
you know that mindset of the president
you're advising and working closely with
Steve Danon who also knows the mindset
of the president right
reporting that there's great concern
inside the White House after the
developments yesterday involving Paul
mana Ford Michael Cohen what is your
assessment of the president's mindset
following these two developments I don't
know the president's current mindset and
I haven't you did but what I would say
is this I think that the minute I think
that this was something we expect the
people that are gonna fight the
impeachment you know it's funny because
I saw you interview congressman
Jeffrey's he doesn't want to talk about
impeachment but trust me they'll be
impeaching him if they have the majority
after 2018 and I think we this was
something that we expected in terms of
Michael I was surprised I did not expect
the Michael committed these other crimes
I this was these were a shock to me that
he did things like this you know people
that said to me oh come on you knew
Michael was crap I never do my clothes
crossed I thought Michael was you know
wealthy successful businessman in terms
of man affort I don't I would be quite
surprised I think the the consensus is
we would be surprised if he turned
government's to a government witness but
it but it is what it is look they went
the point that the point is is that the
minute Rick Gates cooperated they
threatened him with a hundred years I
mean while they couldn't even mention
him in the closing argument really
quickly should the president pardon pal
metaphor do you think he should not
pardon anyone and he should not fire
Muller or or sessions
perhaps roses signed on as a subpoena
sure she's not pardon anyone until after
this investigation but you're not ruling
it out as a suggestion to the president
he should not pardon anyone until after
the investigation is completely over
until there's some kind of report is
submitted to Congress hey I'm already
Melvin from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
