today President Trump tweeted Michael
Cohen pled guilty to two counts of
campaign finance violations that are not
a crime President Obama had a big
campaign finance violation and it was
easily settled throwing an Obama there
again during an interview with Fox he
seemed to confess the campaign violation
while trying to deny it let's watch his
mixed up argument here this is Rudy did
you know about the payments later on I
knew later on but you have to understand
easy what he did and they weren't taken
out of campaign finance that's a big
thing that's a much bigger thing did
they come out of the campaign they
didn't come out of the campaign they
came from me and I waited about it you
know I put that on over you know but I
tweeted about the payments but they
didn't come out of campaign in fact my
first question when I heard about it was
did they come out of the campaign
because that could be a little dicey and
they didn't come out of the campaign and
that's big what they weren't that's not
a it's not even a campaign violation
Barbara this is banking and filming but
to get to the president's defense he's
saying base this other Buckley v Valeo
the idea that you know ultimately a
person who's rich can buy all they
wanted campaign advertising whatever
they want that's the way it works it
with Larry Rockefellers system but Trump
keeps this seems to be safe as long as I
ultimately paid the 131st or me dinners
the 150 for a Karen McDougal if I was
the ultimate payee
no matter what was the paperwork problem
I'm not guilty of any serious crime is
he right or wrong no he's wrong Buckley
v Valeo and other campaign finance cases
divided the world of campaign finance
into expenditures and contributions
president drew notes for these
expenditures he's focusing on
expenditures that charges in the
document that Michael Cohen pleaded
guilty to relate to contributions and
Buckley v Valeo upheld limits on
contributions there are two charges one
that Michael Cohen exceeded the letters
number to the candidates spending how
much they want to spend but but it was
Michael there's no limit on that Barbara
any Kennedy wants to spend all they won
for their campaign problems they can do
that right sure but they still have to
disclose it on their documents if
they're doing that the bigger picture
here is called Generation
only that's what I'm trying to get to is
this a Dershowitz and others are saying
this is not a felony situation this is a
paperwork issue its technical but as
long as it's you ultimately paying
constitutionally you're entitled to
spend all you want on your own campaign
that's their argument what do you make
of it you have to disclose who made the
payment and to you look at motive and
intent in a case like this the intent
here was not as in the Obama situation a
clerical error failure to file paperwork
on time in a timely manner this was an
intent to mislead by hiding the nature
of the payment and so this is the kind
of case that gets prosecuted Robert I
would think that this press would argue
and I think he is arguing there with the
Fox reporter there in the outside the
Bob is there on the little sundeck there
I get defend his argument will be the
ultimate Buckley v Valeo argument which
is you can spend all of your own money
and maybe there's a paperwork problem on
the pass-through but it was my money and
it's legal its constitutional isn't that
his argument now I thought I heard it
that is the argument the challenge
they're gonna face Chris is that you got
some priceless thinking here the
president's thinking is having talked to
Giuliani and White House officials today
that he can try to shrug this off
legally politically as something that's
not a campaign violation but they face
the challenge that Cohen has already
admitted in court in federal court on
Tuesday that he did commit a violation
that he did break the law pled guilty
and so that's the reality and then
there's the argument they make well if
the president's lawyer admits the guilt
of a felony a couple of them in fact for
the hundred and thirty and one hundred
and fifty admits it was really a
campaign expenditure and it wasn't filed
properly it was concealment if he they
saying that that makes the client guilty
yet the lawyer says he's guilty they're
gonna really mount a credibility war
against Cohen in the coming weeks pay
attention to that because Giuliani
saying he's gonna call on Cohen to
release all the tapes all the tapes
Cohen had in conversations with
reporters private exchanges to try to
see if Cohen said anything that goes
against what he just pled guilty to let
me go to this legal question what do you
make of what everybody was just talking
about with Barbara who's how guilty is
the president a paperwork issue or they
really committed felony serious felony
here yeah I think there's a basis for a
serious felony that the campaign finance
law determines criminality at the moment
of the contribution so
michael cohen makes that contribution
that's the crime at that moment if you
were to allow candidates to then
backfill or you know remedy later remedy
the problem after the fact then you
could basically upend all campaign
finance law by just saying oh my
corporation did it or that was an
over-limit that was just really can you
don't you have to argue the intention
err yes the cohen was intending to pay
for that money and not get the money
from trump
yeah and he's saying that he's admitting
under oath it was his payment correct
and he procured another payment from a
corporation which is illegal that was
the second charge and although Trump
says I knew about it after the fact we
know from the tapes that he knew about
it contemporaneously
or before so if it was all legal if you
could do this why was he having money
paid from am i why was he having his
lawyer pay it why did they set up a
dummy company if it was all perfectly
legal II should have just paid the money
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
