I want to take you through what exactly
made it such a historic day and possibly
the worst day in Donald Trump's
presidency thus far in a New York City
courtroom Tuesday Michael Cohen pleaded
guilty to eight counts including tax
evasion and bank fraud and most notably
two counts of violating federal campaign
finance laws Cohen a man who once said
he would take a bullet for Donald Trump
stood before a federal judge and
admitted that at the directions of an
unnamed candidate presumably President
Trump he paid off two women for the
principle purpose of influencing the
2016 presidential election that is an
apparent reference to payments made to
playboy mount model Karen McDougal and
porn stars Stephanie Clifford better
known of course a stormy Daniels the
lead prosecutor with the Southern
District of New York summing it all up
outside the courthouse Tuesday he worked
to pay money to silence two women who
had information that he believed would
be detrimental to the 2016 campaign and
to the candidate and the campaign in
addition mr. Cohen sought
reimbursement for that money by
submitting info invoices to the
candidates company which were untrue and
false without mentioning him by name
Cohen stunning admission directly
implicates the president in a federal
crime it also contradicts what the
president said just a few months ago
aboard Air Force One
no I don't know that means someone is
lying Cohen is currently free on
$500,000 bond and he is facing 46 to 64
months in prison with a sentencing
hearing set for December there is no
agreement for him to cooperate against
the president mentioned in this plea but
his lawyer Lanny Davis says he is ready
to share information that Robert mother
might be interested in I can tell you
that mr. Cohen has knowledge on certain
subjects that should be of interest to
the special counsel and is more than
happy to tell the special counsel all
that he knows now as that drama played
out in another federal courtroom just
minutes later a jury sent a message to
President Trump the Muller investigation
it ain't a witch-hunt the jury
convicting former Trump campaign chief
Paul Manafort on eight felony counts
which include tax fraud failing to
disclose a foreign bank account and bank
fraud the jury was unable to reach a
verdict on the other 10 counts and Manta
Ford's lead defense attorney made no
mention of an appeal afterwards mr.
Madoff Ford was disappointed of not
getting acquittals all the way through
or a complete hung jury on all counts
however he would like to thank judge
Ellis for granting him a fair trial
thank the jury for their very long and
hard-fought deliberations he is
evaluating all of his options at this
point and on his way to a rally in West
Virginia last night President Trump
expressed sympathy for both guys while
trying to downplay Paul mana ford's role
in the campaign
a lot of different people
me but I still feel
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
