our teams have just talked with multiple
senators including some supporters of
Donald Trump and while some may be
waking up today hoping wishing praying
yesterday never happened the response
publicly has been kind of tepid so far
you've got House Speaker Paul Ryan who
did say something something short in two
sentences saying he's aware of that
guilty plea but needs more info as for
his Senate counterpart Mitch McConnell
nada at least so far the number two
Republican in the Senate John Cornyn
does tell us people who do bad things
need to be held accountable was quick to
add these convictions and please have
nothing to do with Russia
NBC's Casey hunt I think has her
sneakers on today because I know she's
been chasing some lawmakers around the
halls of the Capitol Casey what have you
heard from people who have historically
supported Donald Trump what's going on
this morning Allie it's clear that this
story does have something of a different
tenor than some of the other
conversations that we've had and let me
tell you a lot of these members of
Congress are really sick of all of us
running after them in the hallways
asking about the latest Trump tweet this
is something that is altogether
different yes exactly and I spoke just
briefly to senator Toomey of
Pennsylvania who said this is very
serious this is not you know something
to be taken lightly he said he wants to
see the judicial process play out and
you've heard echoes of that from other
Republicans who have been willing to
support President Trump in other areas
take a listen to what senator orrin
hatch said just a few minutes ago these
are serious charges and they can't be
ignored do you think it's high crimes
and misdemeanors
I wouldn't go that far Jesus opens up
the president to being indicted while
sitting in office no I don't because I
don't think he can be indicted while
sitting in office but we'll just have to
see where this all works out if anything
you heard a little bit of resignation
Orrin Hatch's voice there this is this
is a drama that you know Republicans are
tired of having play out now I will say
on the flip side Hallie Democrats are
obviously talking about how serious this
is
but they are being very careful to avoid
the i-word impeachment I asked Elizabeth
Warren about that earlier on Morning Joe
take a look what I think we should be
doing in Congress is we should be
passing laws to make sure that Donald
Trump cannot fire the special prosecutor
that's where the real threat is to Trump
and it's powerfully important that we
protect that special prosecutor and that
of course is a big question that
Republicans could answer Mitch McConnell
could put such legislation on the floor
there are of course constitutional
debates about exactly how it might work
but they could certainly send a signal
so far they haven't done that Hallie
Casey huh there on the hill come back if
you get more Casey thank you thank you
for checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
