California Republican congressman Duncan
Hunter and his beloved wife indicted for
allegedly using more than 250 grand in
campaign funds for their personal
expenses including trips to Italy school
tuition payments and even theater
tickets Hunter was the second person in
Congress to officially endorse the
president right behind congressman Chris
Collins who of course was charged
earlier this month with insider trading
and think about this a sitting member of
Congress was indicted yesterday and it's
952 we're only getting to this headline
now and we sees Casey hunt joins me with
the latest all right Casey trips to
Italy more than 11 will stand out stuff
there he got more than 11 grand spent at
Costco I mean to me this seems pretty
blatant how her his colleagues on the
hill man at handling this one it was
blatant stuff and and this was something
that had been kind of talked about for
quite some time there were a lot of
concerns that this investigation might
you know find something that was worth
and ighting him for and look look lo and
behold it did I mean things as egregious
as well he's going to his Golf Club and
it's maybe related to the campaign so
I'll just expense those golf balls you
know I'll pay to send a relative of mine
to a Pittsburgh Steelers game this was
just a situation where he was treating
his campaign bank accounts like his own
and you know there are instances where
this goes on and people don't notice
simply because they're not paying
attention to what one member of Congress
is doing but this became so blatant and
flagrant that of course it's now caught
up to him well tough luck we've noticed
what are his colleagues in the GOP gonna
do about it because he doesn't seem to
want to go anywhere so Paul Ryan has
stripped him of his committee
assignments while this indictment is
being kind of going through the courts
and you have to remember this is
actually potentially a real race this is
not we know we talked about Chris
Collins who of course was the the
president's first supporter he decided
not to stand for re-election in the end
but at the same time that's a pretty
solidly Republican seat this is one of
the more Republican seats in California
so Democrats do you have an uphill climb
they didn't get their first tier
candidate in the primary but they did
get a very progressive something of a
rising star he's been endorsed by former
President Barack Obama he has a very
compelling personal immigrant story that
he's been telling he's resonated quite a
bit with a progressive grassroots in the
party so there is some hope that he may
actually be able to pull this out and of
course darrell Issa republican who has
stepped down from his seat thinking he
may not have survived his reelection had
been eyeing Duncan Hunter seat in the
event that this indictment came down
that of course too late for darrell Issa
but you know we'll see so far speaker
Ryan has moved to strip those positions
we will see if there is further pressure
here on Capitol Hill stuff campaign
funds to go on a vacation to Italy
smells pretty swampy to me Casey thanks
so much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
