then Trump just tweeted if anyone is
looking for a good lawyer I would
strongly suggest that you don't retain
the services of Michael going for
decades guy who is his closest partner
his friend that he likes very much he is
now throwing under over and behind and
in front of the bus so here's the thing
here's the thing I just some might ask
some might say when when is someone in
team Trump gonna turn to the president
and say sir
the Emperor is naked and your attorney
is drunk going to tell the president the
truth the emperor has no clothes and
even worse his his attorney is a runaway
beer truck well you know first of all I
predict that this is the first of
probably many tweets about Michael Cohen
because we know how President Trump
feels about loyalty above all else and
he clearly perceives this as as as
disloyal he's got to be tremendously
worried about he's already been worried
about what was in all the material that
was seized in those raids of Michael
Cohen's office and residents and and in
his hotel room and now with Cohen just
sort of chomping at the bit apparently
to make a deal with with prosecutors and
and spill his guts about everything this
has to have the president in a state and
so whatever they did to try to sort of
chill him out last night it won't last
it won't last forever and and Michelle
and what thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
