joining us now from Washington
Democratic senator Elizabeth Warren of
Massachusetts she is digging in on
issues that have long muddied Capitol
Hill the influence of money in the
federal government and she joins us now
it's great to see you good to see you
okay so you've got the anti-corruption
and Public Integrity act the legislation
contains six big ideas we're going to go
through them rapid-fire I promise you
because this is important and it's all
related but first I do want to ask you
what your take is on what went down over
the past 24 hours what do you think is
finally happening in Washington are
things closing in on President Trump or
unraveling in any way and are you
concerned that he will try and deflect
in a way that could hurt our country so
I think what's been clear from the past
24 hours is that Donald Trump cares
about exactly one person and that one
person is named Donald Trump and he will
do anything he has to do to protect
Donald Trump and we watched this that's
that's why we're talking about
corruption today right that you make
secret payments you do whatever has to
be done remember that Michael Cohen also
had taken half a million dollars at
least to come in and influence Donald
Trump on behalf of some of the biggest
corporations in this country this is all
about corruption influence peddling this
is why we have a problem with Donald
Trump but as you said we have a problem
in Washington it's time now to make some
serious changes and that's what this
bill is all about we're going to talk
about the bill but are you concerned as
I am that he's going to do something to
deflect probably in the next few hours
because this is probably the biggest
challenge to his presidency so far and
when we see this man under siege he
deflects yes he says look over there
here's something else exciting going on
threatening whatever it is this
spend you know his action from the very
beginning it was always looks someplace
else whenever he got into trouble but
you know I think this is a moment when
it is important that the American people
stay on the core issues here and that is
this is a corrupt administration the
most corrupt administration in living
memory and that we're going to insist on
some accountability not get distracted
and pulled off somewhere else some
accountability we want a government from
the top down that works for the American
people so you're looking at the big
picture
you've got the anti-corruption in Public
Integrity Act give me a line on each one
I'll start with the first padlock the
revolving door and increase public
integrity house yeah stop this business
of somebody works on Wall Street draws a
big salary gets a big present going out
the door to go regulate the very
industry that they just worked for and
are likely to work for in the future as
long as they're doing that they're not
working for the American people they're
working on an industry that lines their
pockets and lobbying as we know it so on
this one when you leave public office
whether it's as a senator or a member of
the house or a cabinet official or
president or a vice president a lifetime
ban on lobbying no more of this business
if you trade your contacts in Washington
right sell them to the highest bidder ah
cashing in and a corporate capture of
public interest rules what is that yeah
so what this means is when the
regulatory agencies are trying to make
rules on behalf of the public and they
get overwhelmed by these giant
corporations that come in and spend
zillions of bucks lobbying let's put a
little tax on the lobbying so the
regulatory agency will have the
resources to fight back on behalf of the
public
you want to improve judicial integrity
and defend access to justice for all
Americans you know on this one I think
that the judges both and this includes
the Supreme Court justices should not be
able to take fancy speaking fees trips
to hunting lodges and golf courses and
they should not be permitted to own and
trade in individual stocks by the way
federal judges shouldn't be able to do
it senators shouldn't be able to do it
congressmen shouldn't be able to do it
the president vice-president shouldn't
be able to do it heads of agency
shouldn't be able to do it
cabinet officials shouldn't be able to
do it if people want to keep their
investments put them in big index funds
but the people who are actually making
policy and deciding things in the public
interest should have no conflicts no
trading in individual stocks and let's
just remember no owning businesses on
the side I get it here's my big question
though because you also want to
strengthen enforcement of
anti-corruption ethics and Public
Integrity laws and you want to boost
transparency in government so if this
all happens Elizabeth senator who would
be left in Washington besides you Claire
McCaskill and Ben Sasse I mean seriously
no but seriously you know that really is
the question mica
right here for are we here you know is
our the folks come to Washington just
align their own pockets just to improve
their careers going forward or are they
here to work in the public interest
we've had corruption scandals in
American history before and each time
the American people have responded we
have tightened up the laws it's gotten
better and then you know corruption has
found new ways into the system now it is
time for us to come together and to say
enough of this no more taking care of
yourself if you want to work in public
interest you really have to work in
public interest yeah and I'll just say
this
a opinion but as the fish rots from the
head people do need to rise up Casey
hunt go ahead senator Warren good to see
you I want to come pull it back to the
news that we've seen unfold over the
past 24 hours rapidly you as recently as
a few weeks ago with our colleague John
Harwood were asked whether you thought
conversations around impeachment were
productive at this point you demurred
you said you know what we got to let
Muller finish his investigation the
headline on the front of the New York
Times now says president implicated in a
campaign finance violation by his own
lawyer I'm wondering if that revelation
has changed your view on whether
Democrats should be talking and focused
on impeachment is that a conversation
that you should be having should there
be groundwork being late for that what
it means to me is that we have to be
even more intensely protective of the
Muller investigation and let it come to
its own conclusion I want the special
prosecutor to be able to follow his
investigation wherever it goes without
interference from Republicans or
Democrats I want him fully protected and
I want him to be able to make a full
report to the American people to me
that's what's critical and right now
what I think we should be doing in
Congress is we should be passing laws to
make sure that Donald Trump cannot fire
the special prosecutor that's where the
real threat is to Trump and it's
powerfully important that we protect
that special prosecutor senator this is
Gene Robinson also yesterday in a little
nutters story congressman Duncan Hunter
and his wife were indicted for using
250,000 dollars in campaign money for
personal expenses that that follows the
indictment of Congressman Chris Collins
of New York for insider trading I guess
then they're both Republicans my
question is are Democrats going to use
this issue
and elaborate on it and develop it for
the for the midterms and beyond or not
what do you think I mean realistically
what do you think well to me this is the
moment when we need to speak out against
corruption as we just started out what
I've written here is a big bill I
recognize that it's big and it's
sweeping and notice it's not just about
campaign finance campaign finance is
something we've been talking about for
years the influence of money on
candidates this is about even if you'll
fix that problem which is a terrible
problem which I work on with others
there are still so many other ways that
corruption has eaten away at the system
here in Washington that's why we need a
comprehensive approach to fight that
back I want to see look I'll be blunt I
want to see everybody do this I want to
see Democrats and Republicans say you
know it's time we've had it let's make
these simple rules the law now in
Washington and beat back the influence
of big money this really is a world now
where too many Americans believe that
Washington works for the wealthy and the
well-connected but it's just not working
for them and you know what they're right
and it's time for us to make change and
if you read about senator Elizabeth
Warren her history read her book read
about her life you will find that this
this message is her life's work it
really is what she's about and Senator
you are announcing when I am running for
Senate we've got 76 more days I think I
just finished my 34th Town Hall in
Massachusetts I take nothing for granted
it is a great honor to come to
Washington to represent the people of
harm and wealth of Massachusetts senator
Elizabeth Warren thank you very much for
being on this morning and coming up
Democrats have an emergency plan in case
the president tries to fire Muller we'll
have more on that plus new reporting on
the president's mood after yesterday's
back-to-back legal blows morning Joe is
coming
back thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
