joining us now Michael Cohen's personal
attorney former special White House
Counsel to President Bill Clinton Lanny
Davis Lanny welcome back to Morning Joe
this morning thank you so what's he got
what's the sort of what's the level of
what Michael Cohen has that he could
offer to Muller investigators like is it
enough to change his fate which looks a
little bleak right now well let's clear
up for some reason and ambiguity the
smoke that Rudy Giuliani and Trump and
the people around him are blowing about
what happened yesterday very clearly
there is no dispute that Donald Trump
committed a crime no dispute because his
own lawyers said to the special counsel
in a letter that he directed that's the
word they used mm-hmm Michael Cohen to
do these payments he didn't want to do
them because he was covering up his
involvement in the payoff and the hush
money but the issue isn't in dispute
I've been asked well how do we believe
someone has pled guilty to other crimes
my answer is you don't have to his own
lawyers are including Rudy Giuliani are
there evidence the witnesses against
Trump when he lied on Air Force One
Giuliani contradicted him and said oh no
he knew about it and then his own
lawyers wrote a letter to the special
counsel and used the word directed now
that's as good a evidence as you can
have when your own lawyers are
testifying against you so there's no
ambiguity Donald Trump violated criminal
law he may not be able to be indicted
that's an unclear question but there's
no dispute here he directed Michael
Cohen to do something that was criminal
Michael did it and admitted to it
we haven't heard Donald Trump say I
directed him according to my lawyers who
wrote the special counsel so what does
your client have what evidence beyond
what we've already heard and seen which
by the way includes an audio tape that
involves a conversation about a payment
to start
Daniel that the president is involved in
but I want to know what else he has what
you might be able to offer to Muller
that compares or surpasses with what
he's already said and admitted to that
implicates the president so that's the
big question that I can't answer as an
attorney who's consulted with my client
under attorney-client privilege I also
wouldn't want to interfere mr. Muller as
investigative process by answering the
question but I have been willing to say
that my observation is that Michael
Cohen knows information that would be of
interest to the special counsel in my
opinion regarding both knowledge about a
conspiracy to corrupt American democracy
by the Russians and the failure to
report that knowledge to the FBI Emily
Jane Fox
you know Michael Cohen as well as
anybody probably more could he have
tapes of Trump what do you think Michael
Cohen has the capability of doing to
protect himself at this point what could
he provide from your knowledge of not
just what he has but his personality his
relationship with the president and at
this point his anger level well his
anger level is sky-high and I think that
we saw that yesterday in the courtroom
when he electively chose to mention the
president when he was going through the
guilty counts yesterday he didn't have
to bring up the president that was his
own decision and there was a very
pointed decision at that look Michael
Cohen has worked side by side with the
president and it's important to note
he's worked side by side with the
president's children as well for the
last decade and so what he knows about
the president and his family I I can
only begin to speculate laning I do have
a question for you what you say is that
he has a tremendous amount to
potentially offer Robert Miller on the
special counsels team why make that
statement publicly why not go directly
to the special counsel what how does it
serve Michael Cohen to be saying public
we have a lot of things to offer well I
haven't quantified it I certainly think
your interpretations a reasonable one
I've simply made my observation we do
not want to interfere in mr. Mellors
investigation I have said that Michael
Cohen is going to be telling the truth
to whoever asked him and there are some
issues that I think would be of interest
but I do want to go back to family he
and his family are suffering he is
asking for help we've set up a website
Michael Kohn truth fund dot-com
to help him tell the truth about Donald
Trump we need help and Michael is asking
for anybody interested in helping him to
go to this website that we've just set
up Michael Cohen truth fund comm and we
do ask everybody who is interested in
Michael being able to tell the truth to
help him out dead just to answer Emily's
question with a thought Lanny and I'll
toss it to you and then Joyce fans can
follow up with a question but did he
think Trump was gonna help him out did
he is he is he sort of stupefied at this
but no so he does not want to flip it
was evolutionary I in talking to him
again have to be careful what I share as
an attorney but I can tell you that
Helsinki was a significant turning point
as he worried about the future of our
country but the president I'd states
aligning with somebody who everybody in
his intelligence community who he
appointed including Dan Coates said that
Putin interfered and tried to help Trump
get elected and Trump is the only one
left denying that and that shook up mr.
Cohen but earlier events shook him up
when he first approached me we talked
about what caused him to change his mind
from taking a bullet for Donald Trump in
the statement that he made too seriously
worrying about his unsuitability as
president after he became president so
it was an evolutionary process a painful
process when he and I talked when I
decided to help him
it was after several weeks of talking
about the evolution that he's gone
through so Joyce hold on one second I
just want to jump on that Helsinki
comment and into that being a turning
point for Michael Cohen I've always
noticed that Donald Trump deflects
sometimes with foreign policy news of
his own just to get the headlines to go
in a different direction is Michael
Cohen at this point worried that this
president will do something unbelievably
idiotic to deflect from these headlines
are you asking me yeah the answer is of
course everybody in America who isn't a
hardcore doesn't care whether he lies
doesn't care whether your lines with
Putin doesn't care at all and we're
probably down to below 40% everybody
else in America is worried about a
president United States who acts
recklessly sometimes acts without the
stability that you'd want a president to
have mentally and aligns himself with
Putin and denies his own intelligence
community's unanimous assessment
including Dan Coates and Mike Pompeii
and everybody else that Putin interfered
to help him get elected that is a simple
fact and it's very scary that we have
our president ID States aligning with
Putin and after Helsinki I know that
Michael was quite shook up but he it
happened before then remember I talked
to him before Helsinki by over a month
and we spent a lot of time on the
telephone talking about what changed his
mind about Donald Trump and it was the
unsuitability factor as president
scaring a lot of people who liked Trump
that he is a scary person sometimes acts
mentally scary he certainly doesn't care
about the truth he as Giuliani saying
truth is not always truth and mr. Trump
lies and doesn't care he lies knows his
supporters some of them know that he's
lying and they don't care and that's
very very dangerous as Michael Cohen and
many other people see in order to get I
have to plug it again in order to get
Michael to be able to help we need help
this fund michael cohen truth fund
dot-com we ask everybody to help Michael
Cohen
tell the truth about Donald Trump all
right Lanny Davis thank you very much
please come back keep us posted Joyce
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
