day 579 of the Trump administration
turns out was the day the president was
placed in real legal jeopardy here is
the story from tomorrow's front page of
the New York Times Cohen pleads guilty
implicating president the president's
former personal lawyer turned himself in
to the FBI today and then stood in
federal court and pleaded guilty to
eight charges including two related to
hush money payments to women which he
admitted were at the direction of his
boss Donald Trump for the purpose of
influencing the 2016 election Cohen
pleaded guilty to tax evasion and to
lying to a financial institution as well
as to campaign finance violations again
both involving Trump's quest for the
White House the payoffs described
matched the cases of Karen McDougal and
stormy Daniels already extensively
reported down to the amounts this case
is being brought by the feds the US
Attorney for the Southern District of
New York and today the lead prosecutor
talked about the charges against Cohen
he worked to pay money to silence two
women who had information that he
believed would be detrimental to the
2016 campaign and to the candidate and
the campaign in addition mr. Cohen saw
reimbursement for that money by
submitting info invoices to the
candidates company which were untrue and
false minutes after the Kohen play a
jury in Alexandria Virginia convicted
former Trump campaign chairman Paul mana
Ford of filing false tax returns failing
to file foreign bank account reports and
bank fraud as NBC News justice
correspondent Pete Williams laid it out
for us earlier this evening
the jury found Paul Manafort guilty of
intentionally dodging taxes on millions
of dollars that he earned as a political
consultant for the former president of
Ukraine well before Manta Ford served
briefly as president Trump's campaign
German prosecutors said he stashed the
money as one does in overseas banks and
used it to indulge his expensive
Aysen clothes antiques and cars by
wiring money directly from those
accounts to pay his bills nicely by
passing tax collectors from the IRS from
2010 through 14 prosecutors said man
afford earned more than 30 million
dollars but reported less than half of
that as income when the Ukranian money
dried up prosecutors said man afford
lied in applying for more than 20
million in loans from three banks to
maintain the aforementioned
lavish spending habits the jury
convicted him of two of those bank fraud
counts in all mana Ford faced 18
criminal counts the jury convicted him
on eight of them but couldn't agree on
the other 10 tonight the president went
to rest West Virginia for a rally there
were the usual chants of drain the swamp
and lock her up but they were not as
lusty as past events and the president's
comments truth be told were slightly
less sharp after landing and before
leaving for the rally the president
approached the traveling news media to
comment on the mana for conviction
a lot of different people over the years
involve me but I still feel
nothing to do with
no comment their appointed Leon Cowan
who was released on $500,000 bail his
sentencing interestingly is scheduled
for December 12th the judge noted that
Cowan could serve up to 65 years in
prison though we should hasten to add
the prosecutors recommended sentence is
something closer to four to six years
mana Ford is expected to be sentenced to
seven to nine years when it's all said
and done he also faces another trial on
related charges next month in Washington
meanwhile both men now joined Rick gates
Michael Flynn George papadopolis on the
roster of Trump associates who have
faced criminal charges on that let us
bring in our expanded leadoff panel for
a consequential Tuesday evening Nicole
Wallace has returned to the night shift
the veteran of the Bush White House and
host of deadline White House 4:00 p.m.
Eastern weekdays on this network here in
New York Michael Smith Pulitzer Prize
winning Washington correspondent for the
New York Times Emily Jane Fox senior
reporter for Vanity Fair and biographer
of the Trump family down in Washington
tonight Chuck Rosenberg a former US
Attorney for the Eastern District of
Virginia also happens to be a former
senior official at the FBI
and Daniel Goldman former assistant US
attorney for of all things the Southern
District of New York the jurisdiction at
the center of much of today's news
welcome to you all Nicole I'd like to
begin with you with something mr.
Goldman's former boss Preet Bharara the
former US attorney for the Southern
District of New York said on Twitter
today just a plain statement effect
Michael Cohen in a courtroom in the
Southern District of New York under oath
declared that the president directed him
to commit a federal crime a lot of this
all of this happened while you were on
the air this afternoon have you had time
to inhale just what it is we've
witnessed doesn't know you know I
thought about today you and I were on
the air together on the day of trucks
bizarre
inaugural address which my old boss had
some colorful language to describe
george w bush called it some crazy bleep
I was thinking about the line about
carnage and I was thinking that the real
carnage and it was all in motion when he
gave that speech that day the real
carnage is the people closest to Donald
Trump the lives that are being destroyed
for crimes they've committed I mean you
know it's not a night to feel sympathy
for Michael Cohen but the the events
that that are sending him to jail
potentially our events put in motion by
the things Donald Trump demanded other
people close to him it may end up in
snaring his family but just this idea of
wreckage a source closer at Michael
Cohen tonight told me that everything
Donald Trump touches is tainted by his
toxic brew of lack of ethics and a lack
of any adherence to the law I also
thought of something that someone who
advises this president said to me
earlier in the day before the four
o'clock hour he said if the president's
handing out one pardon today it's going
to Paul Manafort not Michael Cohen
there's already a sense that if someone
does anything out of the desire to sort
of salvage any dignity or anything for
their family that they've betrayed him
so this idea of loyalty and this idea of
carnage sort of collided after I got off
the air today and it sort of looked at
all the wreckage in the lives of these
people that went into business with the
president committed crimes perhaps at
his behest and and you just you just see
ongoing pile ups in the lives of
everyone that was associated with this
president Emily Jane Fox you're the one
among us who has spoken to Michael Cohen
and the hours since his appearance in
federal court tell us about that
conversation this is an emotional day
for Michael Cohen mostly because of what
his family witnessed I think that that
was difficult he also stood up there I
was in the courtroom today and listened
to him go count by count and not only
admit that he was guilty to those but in
it really in describe in detail why he
was guilty of those crimes so I watched
him get emotional and describing that
and then this evening when I spoke with
him emotional talking about the toll
that this took on his family something
that he stressed to me over and over
again though was how
well he felt like he was treated by law
enforcement and by prosecutors and that
was an important message that he wanted
to get across and that was something
that he had said in the initial rate of
his home hotel room and office and that
is in a way in another contrast with his
former boss someone who has attacked law
enforcement over and over again on his
Twitter and speeches and so this was
just another sticking point even at this
emotional loaded moment in his life
where he was trying to plant a flag and
say I'm not like this guy and I'm not
going to be like him going forward I
mean let me ask you about his family and
correct any of this I have wrong two
daughters both under 25 his wife
born in Ukraine is kind of a dual role
as bookkeeper for his legal concern and
having read that it always made me
wonder where the feds going to dangle
that in front of Cohen if she co-signed
agreements or checks if they were going
to perhaps say but you really wouldn't
want to see your wife go in the federal
slammer did she have any culpability any
involvement that you know of well I'll
only correct you and the fact that he
has a daughter and a son okay forgive me
that's that's it the rest I think you're
spot on and I think that that's a very
important point this is a very
close-knit marriage manure very involved
in their businesses as the New York
Times reported over the weekend she's
someone who co-signed loan documents and
from all I know and my year of very
close reporting on Michael Cohen he
would do anything to save his family
from any trouble any pain any hardship
and so if his wife were in fact in any
kind of trouble that would be a reason
for him to take action and to stand up
and do something artfully answered and
our thanks hey Michael all the smart
reporters in the business everything
we've seen come and go everyone we've
seen come and go the folks who knew the
name of the game kept saying Cohan is
the one Cohen's the one that could do
the most damage here Cohen's the one to
concentrate on you were among them is
this kind of what you were talking about
go back to the spring the raid happens
and the president's lawyers say ok it's
a new front in our legal wars we know
the extent of the Muller investment at
least they thought they did we
understand the questions of collusion
around the president
we understand obstruction we have no
idea what went on between the president
and Michael Cohen we don't think we're
getting truthful answers from the
president about it we do not understand
the extent of his criminal exposure and
that is incredibly scary and up until
today I still do not think that they
appreciated just the gravity that this
was going to have on the president and
I'm really not sure what they can do at
this point I don't know how they get
themselves out of this situation and
that's just one part of the fight we
still haven't seen what Muller is gonna
do that's exactly right
Daniel please help us lay people out
describe the agreement agreed to today
what's in it what's not and does this
constitute the quick and easy phrase
flipping did Michael Cohen flip today
and if not how shy of that is he well
the big surprise here is that he did not
flip this is not a cooperation agreement
this is a standard plea agreement where
Michael Cohen went into court as we all
saw and witnessed and admitted to
committing eight crimes but he did not
agree to cooperate with the government
in any meaningful way including
testifying down the road and the
government did not agree to write a
letter to reduce his sentence which is
the benefit that he would have gotten
this is very surprising to me as a
former assistant in that office because
all indication is that Michael Cohen is
not only willing but desperate to
cooperate so I frankly do not understand
exactly what is going on because it does
seem based on his allocution in court
today where he volunteered and by the
way when he pointed at the president
that was unnecessary that was something
he did not need to say
in order to fulfill his obligation to
allocute to the judge it's not in the
information it is something that he
added himself to essentially make the
president an unindicted co-conspirator
even though he is not referenced that
way in the information so he's clearly
wants to cooperate but this is not a
cooperation agreement and Daniel I gotta
say he's got lanny davis appearing on
this network on CNN tonight certainly
indicating there's more there stories to
tell including but not limited to
advanced knowledge of Russian hacking
some that point Omarosa last made a few
days ago it's almost as if they're
begging to have a meeting with
prosecutors and as a former prosecutor I
would and I'm sure Chuck will say the
same we would we would offer that
meeting any day of the week so it is
very surprising given the foreshadowing
that Lanny Davis is making given what he
said in court today that's enough to
pique the prosecutors interest it
certainly piques our interest so the
only other explanation is that the
prosecutors don't feel like he's told
them the truth maybe they've met but I
don't think there's been enough time
that they could have met have been
meeting over these past couple weeks and
for the for the prosecutors to believe
that he's not truthful so the final
conclusion the only thing that makes any
sense to me is that this is a marker
this is a placeholder before Labor Day
before we get into election season so
that they don't disrupt anything and
can't be accused of disrupting anything
related to the election have him plead
guilty to what we all know that he's
under investigation for and then they'll
sort of begin the cooperation process
which requires many many meetings
between Cohen and the prosecutors and
investigators okay chuck it all comes
down to you in the moment as this was
happening today I heard several very
good legal minds opened the door and
toss out the phrase unindicted
co-conspirator
it had me flashing back to 1974 and five
is that a term of art in the law can it
be applied to one Donald Trump after a
day like today it is a term of art in
the law
and I think it can be applied to the
President of the United States as of
today I mean we've thrown it around
before but today we had someone stand up
in court under oath by the way it wasn't
just any someone it was the president's
personal lawyer who said that I was
directed to do this
by Donald Trump it's a remarkable thing
Daniels right Cohen did not need to go
there but he did one other point I'd
like to amplify I think like Daniel I am
a bit confused as to why there was no
cooperation agreement in this or no
cooperation language in this agreement
but nothing in this agreement precludes
him from cooperating down the road and
so it may well be a marker as Daniel
said the cooperation may follow it
certainly seems like mr. Cohn and his
team are foreshadowing that and if he's
truthful and he's helpful I'm quite
certain the government will be
interested
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
