former chairman of the Trump campaign is
trying to sleep tonight in a federal
prison contemplating the possibility of
spending every night for the rest of his
life in a federal prison 69 year old
Paul Manafort heard the word guilty
eight times today from a federal jury in
Virginia who remained undecided on ten
other counts Paul Manafort faced mana
fort was convicted of every category of
crime he was accused of tax fraud bank
fraud and failure to report for a
foreign bank account but the jury was
undecided on other similar counts Paul
Manafort faces already a maximum of 80
years in prison for today's convictions
and more immediately he faces a second
trial in federal court in Washington DC
in a courthouse where jurors are thought
to be less sympathetic to accused
white-collar criminals like Paul
Manafort and where the judge will not be
taking every opportunity to try to help
the man of fort defense as Reagan
appointed Judge Thomas Ellis did on a
daily basis in this first man for trial
the typical public comment from defense
lawyers after a defeat like this one
today for Paul Manafort includes the
mandatory promise to continue to fight
the case on appeal fight it all the way
but that is not what we heard from Paul
manna Forte's lawyer today
he would like to thank judge Ellis for
granting him a fair trial thank the jury
for their very long and hard-fought
deliberations he is evaluating all of
his options at this point
evaluating all of his options that
includes how much money does he want to
spend on his next criminal trial which
is which he's even more likely to lose
than the one he just lost another option
is of course what does Paul Manafort
know that he can tell special prosecutor
Robert Mulder in order to avoid spending
the rest of his life in prison joining
us now Jean Rossi a former federal
prosecutor and former assistant US
attorney in that Eastern District of
Virginia where the trial was held in
Kendall a nyan intelligence and national
security reporter for NBC News he was
outside the courthouse today as the jury
was returning that
verdict and Kendall a nyan tell us about
that anticipation today the questions
that the jury had sent indicated a
little bit of confusion today of were
they were they asking the judge about
what happens if they can't reach a
verdict on just one count and then
shortly after that turns out the jury
comes back with the eight convictions
yeah Lawrence now we know that what they
meant was for any of the counts that
they're deadlocked on they were asking
the judge essentially what do we do and
how do we fill out the jury form and how
does it affect the final verdict I mean
and it turns out they were deadlocked on
ten counts and and the judge asked them
to go back and deliberate and they did
that for about four hours and apparently
they could not reach consensus and I
think what this tells us a couple of
things one mana forts lawyers actually
did a pretty good job in the face of
overwhelming evidence and a terrific
presentation by the prosecution a
powerful presentation mana forts lawyers
were able to raise some doubts in the
minds of some jurors on ten of the 18
counts but that's really irrelevant for
Paul Manafort because he's a convicted
felon or will be when the judge passes
sentence eight counts of felony
convictions of tax fraud bank fraud and
failure to declare a foreign bank
account is a victory for the prosecution
no other way to look at it a huge
vindication for robert muller and his
team in their first test in a major
trial and the other thing we can say I
think is that this jury did not appear
to be swayed by name any of the noise
any of Donald Trump's comments I mean
honestly we don't know whether the
jurors you know we're looking at outside
news coverage or warrant whether they
heard this stuff but if they did it
didn't seem to affect them because as
you said they convicted on each part of
the three tranches or three categories
of charges and they appear to do so
thoughtfully and you know some counts
persuaded jurors more than others
clearly but at the end of the day Paul
Manta Ford is facing some seven to nine
years in prison just on these charges
alone June Rossi your reaction to the
result today and what you think Paul
metaphores lawyer meant when he said he
is evaluating all his options I think
there's a what this was a tremendous
victory for Robert Muller's office I
worked closely with two attorneys on a
mana for trial team
the government and I know pretty well
the three three of the defense attorneys
for Paul Manafort
and I gotta say that Paul manna forts
defense team did a fantastic job
trials are like poker and they had a
very terrible hand and they did the best
they could let me talk about the options
the one option of course is to do a
Pickett's charge to appeal this case to
the Supreme Court of the United States
and to go into DC in just the fight
fight fight and just hope for a pardon a
commutation or an acquittal and a
reversal in the Fourth Circuit that's
not going to happen the most likely
option I would recommend if I were his
attorney is to cooperate what you have
now our two battles still pending one
you have the mistrial counts that
academically theoretically could be
brought by the prosecutors in edv a
that's one battle you obviously have the
trial in DC so I would go to the
prosecutors and I would say this I can't
fight anymore
what can you offer me and I think the
prosecutors would say we would dismiss
the charges in DC maybe have them plead
to a thousand and one or a minor charge
we won't retry the counts in edv a and
the prosecutors would say okay let's
talk about the Trump Tower me t let's
talk about the Republican platform when
you Paul Manafort
helped negotiate a removal or an
amendment of something happy to do with
Russia let's talk about what happened in
August and September possibly there's a
lot of things that could be given to the
prosecutors and here's something that
nobody has talked about since last week
there was a sidebar when rick gates was
testifying it is now under seal it will
become unsealed if the prosecutors don't
go forward on the retrial that sidebar i
based on my experience was this rick
gates is cooperating big-time about the
campaign about the transition about the
Trump Organization and I'm sure
Paul Manafort has the same information
times five so those are the options that
Kevin Downey who's a fantastic attorney
did a great job those are the options
that I think he was talking about Jane
Rossi Kim Delaney and thank you very
much for joining us tonight
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
