good evening from New York I'm Chris
Hayes on a day of extraordinary news
there is one big headline above all the
rest and that is this the news at the
president United States who was
identified in court documents today as
quote individual one directed his
personal attorney to break the law
in order to influence the outcome of the
2016 presidential election that's
according to Michael Cohen who pleaded
guilty to his part in those crimes and
for the next hour we're going to examine
the implications for individual one
Donald J Trump
it was a historically bad day for the
President as two close associates Cohen
his longtime lawyer and fixer and Paul
Manafort his former campaign chairman
were simultaneously appearing in
different federal courtrooms Cohen in
New York
Matt affort in Virginia both determined
to be guilty of multiple federal crimes
within the space of just a few minutes
this afternoon Cohen pleaded guilty to
eight counts of tax evasion lying to
financial institution and crucially
campaign finance violations a mana fort
was convicted by a jury on eight counts
of tax fraud and bank fraud at the same
time the president was leaving for a
campaign rally in West Virginia
that rallies now ongoing the president
has yet to mention either Cohen or mana
fort though he did open with a riff on
NFL players kneeling and even today of
all days the crowd got in a few lock her
up chance both Matta fort and Cohen
played crucial roles in getting the
president to where he is now in the
White House getting him elected
Matta Ford of course is the campaign
chairman and Cohen as the guy who made
problems go away
and of course they just barely pulled it
off Trump losing the popular vote
overall winning the electoral college by
just seventy-seven thousand votes across
three states and now both of those
people who were instrumental to this
president's victory have been determined
by the federal government to be felons
to committed multiple federal crimes
remarkably they are not the first felons
among the president's circle the man
charged by the Constitution with
ensuring our laws are faithfully
executed has surrounded himself with
criminals his longtime lawyer and fixer
his campaign chairman his deputy
campaign chairman his campaign foreign
policy aide his national security
advisor inside the White House and that
may not be the end of it it's also worth
noting the first congressman to endorse
the president's campaign New York
Republican Chris Collins was just
indicted for insider trading and today
in a story we don't even have time for
tonight
the second congressman to endorse him
California Republican Duncan Hunter was
also indicted for campaign finance
violations
the President himself did respond
eventually to today's news upon landing
in West Virginia though he noticeably
did not mention Michael Cohen by name
it involved me but I still feel you know
to breathe
and nothing to do with Russian collusion
it doesn't involve me
the president says and that has of
course been his refrain about all the
crimes committed by his associates but
he cannot say that anymore about Michael
Cohen was released today in a $500,000
bond because the crimes Cohen pleaded
guilty to do involve the president who
is identified in those court documents
as individual one that's the current
President of the United States right
there in Cohen's criminal information
according to Cohen he illegally
conducted payments in 2016 to two women
whom we know to be Karen McDougal and
stormy Daniels specifically for the
purpose of influencing the u.s.
presidential election Cohen says he did
it in coordination with and at the
direction of President Donald J Trump
today Chris the first couple of hearings
because there was this arguments over
several months about who should look at
the evidence that was seized for Michael
Cohen in how should that process go go
through and there was a tremendous
amount of media attention stormy Daniels
was in line to security line with the
rest of us reporters there were ropes it
felt more like a New York City nightclub
frankly than a hearing in the Southern
District of New York today completely
different a very somber scene today and
I think as soon as Michael Cohen entered
that courtroom the entire courtroom
calmed down quieted down there really no
no gas for any sort of any sort of
outbursts from the crowd at all I think
the thing that was so interesting is as
soon as he started to allocute
he's under oath at that point and he
starts to talk about the actual campaign
he starts talking about the president
and I think everybody that moment had
this this kind of a stunning sense of
wait a minute Michael Cohen the the
president's former personal attorney is
directly implicating him in the crimes
that he is pleading guilty to today that
was a significant moment in that
courtroom and frankly something I
haven't experienced in the trial in a
very long time
I mean under oath this man says I mean
there was always this question about
what's he gonna plea to and there's been
so many different stories bank fraud tax
fraud this and that exactly these these
charges today sort of run the gamut
right there's some that are sort of in
the bucket of Michael cones businesses
having nothing to do it the president
exactly then stuff that's directly
implicates the president that's exactly
right so we've got the
first five counts that's tax evasion
that's for the first five years and they
say that's up to a little bit over four
million dollars in tax evasion just to
be clear I just want a Pangolin John
right
they pleaded today to stealing for
million dollars from the US government
yeah I'm stealing that yeah what would
the taxes have been on that four million
dollars yeah yeah that's exactly what he
did
yep and so then you've got another count
where he says that in he's pled guilty
to where he lied about his liabilities
to a bank in order to get a home equity
loan so it'd be like if you came to me
for a loan and I'm the bank and you said
well I'm not gonna tell Tom about that
car loan I have that vacation house I
have all these liabilities so he pled
guilty to that and then counts seven and
eight are the ones that directly deal
with the Trump campaign in in count
seven that kind of specific to $150,000
payment that's made to Karen McDougal in
count eight is $130,000 payment made to
stormy Daniels which according to
Michael Cohen he eventually was paid
back for at the direction of the
president so you have the president
directly involved you know there's been
a lot of statements made about how the
cases they've been brought so far that
are either tied to robert muller
specifically or have come out of robert
Muller's investigation this is one of
those cases don't have anything to do
with the president but today the
president is directly implicated on two
counts as you laid out before yeah and
we should also note the timing here is
this is going on in late October of 2016
exactly just these payments before the
election right the payments are being
made that the question always was the
the sort of position taken by people
around this who are defending the
president defending Michael Kahn was
well this has nothing to do with the
campaign today in federal court he says
explicitly this was all about the
campaign that's what he's pleading
exactly it is matter of fact with count
seven he says that it was done to
influence the campaign so so this is
something that's very specific to the
campaign it involves American media and
it involves the National Enquirer we've
reported about this before the the
president of that company so so you've
got a lot of different players that have
been talked about in in press reports
before to your point we've been hearing
about this now for for six months or
longer in everything that everybody said
wasn't true
you play the clip of the president say
no I never paid I didn't know about that
payment and today you have his personal
attorney saying ya know the president
was directly in
off with that payment now some folks may
say well okay so you have Michael Cohen
versus President trumpet so he said he
said except for the differences that
appears that they have the bank
statements
we have other corroborating evidence
that can back that I see and I think I
think that's an important thing for
people to recognize our operating
evidence that it was indeed coordinated
with individual one as named in that
exactly because they can trace the
payments and they also have quotations
of things that people said and described
in those court papers including text
message including text messages that you
see in in the in the documents that you
just showed on the screen so yeah
there's a lot there you are a veteran
reporter on on sort of crime punishment
here and the Southern District and you
you know a lot of investigators you're
very well sourced if individual one were
Joe Blow just a guy from New York sure
having you having covered this kind of
thing sure not the president states it's
not
I mean individual one would be worried
right now that they were in the
crosshairs of this same an indictment in
federal investing so because and I'd
have to do a little bit more do you
around the the the u.s. Criminal Code on
this but if you direct somebody to make
these payments you might have some
criminal liability so I think that's
something that we're going to have to
watch in the coming days and in weeks I
think the other thing is were there
other people that were involved in this
in the campaign another thing that we're
gonna have to watch calm winter thank
you very much for yes hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
