your point you mentioned noot saying
that here he is laying out Kavanagh
carrot I think two words are going to
define the night of the 2018 election in
the next three weeks one is Cavanaugh
and the other is caravan as you know I'm
willing to send the military to defend
our southern border if necessary
all caused because of the illegal
immigration onslaught brought by the
Democrats because they refuse to
acknowledge or to change the laws they
like it they also figure everybody
coming in is gonna vote Democrat serious
thing
Willie everything that he just said
there's a lie and I'm not saying like oh
well maybe this part no it's all a lie
there's not an immigration onslaught
we've talked about the numbers over and
over again Barack Obama saw immigration
go down and there he's never gonna send
troops it's all a lie so instead of
Democrats getting angry about it why
don't you come up with a message Thank
You somebody lied about me I tear them
to shreds I take it apart I'd pick it
apart of tear him to shreds if I'm on
the campaign trail in fact one time I
said to a guy after he was like saying
some really ugly things about me and I
don't want to offend anybody this early
in the morning but it went up whispered
to him they said I want you to know that
everybody told me not to attack you they
told me to stay away from you I want you
to know if you punch me in the stomach
again I'm gonna kick you in the face
till you don't move your family's not
gonna recognize you so you can horribly
of course rhetorically yeah I said I
said I said but I didn't my motors to
talk no I said so you can keep running
your negative ads but if you do I
promise you I'm gonna destroy you and I
turned around smiled pat him on the back
and walked away that's your mindset in
the campaign Donald Trump's lying about
children he's lying about immigrants
he's lying about everything he's lying
about the Democrats they should be angry
and they should focus their rage on a
message that that that actually they've
had two years to respond to this message
they still are just sitting there owners
Mauryan well that's not enough the
president's gonna send troops to the
border like he's gonna build a wall
across the expanse of the border it's
all just to keep that ball in the air
that there's this onslaught from the
south these are migrants we can talk
about what the caravan actually is
they're migrants coming from Honduras
and Guatemala families fleeing violence
but you know the headshot that was
referenced by Steve ban and his
impeachment and that plays right in to
President drums hands he loves
impeachment talk because what that says
to him is he can go out and say they
want to overturn you're free and fair
election you voted to make me president
and interestingly we've heard Nancy
Pelosi time and again separate herself
from that headshot we don't want to talk
about impeachment that plays into his
hand we don't want to talk about
impeachment it's not clear though what
that headshot is in place of impeachment
what are they going to talk about so the
headshot were I a Democrat or I in
charge of this campaign it would be
corruption and and and Donald Trump's
rich billionaire buddies how Trump is
the most corrupt president ever because
he is talk about how he's turned
Washington into a sewer and he's just
their skimming the money off the top and
how Donald Trump has created a
plutocracy like he's basically doing
what Vladimir Putin's doing in Russia
he's creating winners and losers he
passes a tax bill and then he flies down
to Mara Lago on his private jet he sits
around the table with his billionaire
buddies and he says quote you all should
love me I just made all of you lots of
money today right you can't make a
30-second commercial out of that the
commercial show show show fat Trump show
fat people all around to show from the
waist down just show these fat oligarchs
around the table at mar-a-lago and their
caviar slicing their steak and spilling
wine all over is where their fat little
fingers you know I'm telling you can see
it can't you yes and then Donald Trump's
words and have the words that quotes
around his words say this is what Donald
Trump is this is Donald Trump's
Washington the rich are getting richer
they're taking your health care away
there's corruption we've lost our way we
are not the America that we all believe
in I saw a very I feeling a very sad
thing post capital or there was rage
even if there wasn't a message as I talk
to people they feel defeated they almost
feel like instead of getting angry after
the cab
I saw a real switch leading up to the
cabin or thing they were and then it was
you talk to people that's kind of well
we can't do anything about it
no but you do that you're a Republican
they're up all night going I'm gonna
knock their head off the other message
that I don't know if you can make this
on a mass level the real message is and
people need to understand this you can't
put this in an ad we are heading to
fascism I know that's insane if we don't
get the house back look at the last two
years of what's happening multiply that
by 3 multiply that by 5 but see that's
what I mean you know doc do you know do
you know why this doesn't mean anything
now doesn't mean anything because
Democrats or liberals have accused every
Republican since 1960 of either being a
fascist Nazi or of member of the Klan
okay so you do that every four years and
I got the quotes if anybody wants they
see the quotes every year since 1960
people should be they say they've
accused Republicans of being nice Nazis
fascists racists KKK you name it so what
are you gonna do specifically
specifically they're taking a healthcare
away the rich are getting richer you've
been duped vote for your children
because it's starting to slip president
needs checks by the way nobody here for
bloggers advocating violence Steve
Bannon was one that talked about the
headshot he was talking rhetorically
under her right it was okay yeah when I
told the guy that I was going to kick
him in the face I said rhetorically with
campaign ads and a lot of love that's
what we're done but we're talking more
of a mindset Mika you you get beaten in
a Supreme Court pick you know what you
don't go away defeated right you go away
angry and you come back ready to
rhetorically knock their heads up
Democrats need a whole lot more of that
over the next 18 days and it's it's a
tricky thing to navigate verbally
because we have a president who
advocates violence and you just have to
be careful because you say one thing and
they'll over respond to used thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up to
date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
