like Ken Delaney NBC News investigative
reporter for the Virginia courthouse
itself Glen Kirchner a former federal
prosecutors with me and Caroline Pelosi
a criminal defense attorney in order of
the three of you what do you think the
trial means today and how do you think
that jury got through where they got
through they seen about a hard time with
a lot of the documentation Ken last
question first Chris this jury
meticulously went through the evidence
and the reason we know that is you could
glean some things from the verdict one
is that they did not believe Rick gates
because the conspiracy counts of bank
fraud where Gates was key they could not
come to an agreement on secondly the tax
evasion was pretty clear they can making
them on all five counts of tax evasion
on the foreign bank account charge it's
really hard to understand what they were
doing there they convicted him on only
one of four potential failure to file
foreign bank account reports the
evidence I thought was very strong there
but what's clear is they went through
count by count and they found some
evidence more persuasive than than than
some other evidence and they did their
due diligence and they don't appear to
have been affected by any of this
outside noise any of the Donald Trump
comments or any of the you know the
previous coverage of Paul Manafort in
terms of what it means for manna for tea
he's looking at seven to nine years in
prison under the guidelines and the the
judge can take into account all the
charges even the charges that he wasn't
convicted of in the sentencing so he's
looking at a hefty prison sentence and
another trial in Washington where the
prison term is even more so the question
now really Chris is does he pack it in
does he cut a deal or does he keep
fighting and how is he paying for this
defense this defense must be costing him
enormous sums of money it's particularly
if he tries to appeal this conviction so
I think the next shoe to drop is looking
at whether Paul Manafort decides to cut
a deal with the Special Counsel
Klan how do you see it right now so
right now Chris you know this is kind of
a lose-lose for Paul Manafort because
first of all yeah he was convicted of
only eight of the 18 charges but guess
what the other 10 charges won the
government could retry those if the
government chose to but even more
importantly as Ken mentioned the
government can use that conduct as what
we call relevant conduct and that can
actually enhance his sentence all we
have to prove at a sentencing hearing
regarding relevant conduct is that it's
more likely than not that he committed
those acts and you know the fact that he
was indicted
pher actually to say that if someone
gets a hung jury and not price and not
convicted of that that's somewhat held
against them even if there's no proof
that he did it you know fair or honest
until proven guilty
those are the rules in federal court and
it's not that he would be exposed to the
entire sentence that he would be exposed
to if convicted of those counts but he
does get a sentencing bubble if the
prosecutors can prove it by a
preponderance of the evidence so and not
to mention Chris I have to believe that
mana Ford is gonna be that rare
defendant who's looking at a hat-trick
of indictments because I have a feeling
Bob Muller once he decides to return the
conspiracy indictment metaphor will
likely be rolled into that as well let
me go back to let me go to carolyn
policia and this carolyn your view of
this case as a human thing you look at a
guy who's he looks kind of tough he
doesn't show much emotion metaphor looks
like he's been through a lot in his life
he's a tough guy how much can he tough
he's 69 he's facing at least now almost
a decade in prison if nothing worse
happens the judge could throw the book
at him for the other charge and try to
win indictments on them or win the
convictions on those he gots to go to
Philadelphia and maybe a more liberal
just guessing a more liberal jury more
tough Latorre Philly's a tough town I
lived there you never know what you're
gonna get in the jury and maybe liberals
who knows they don't like Trump I don't
know but I wouldn't be very happy about
if I were him and secondly there's
apparently a hell of a lot of
documentation being thrown at him in the
next trial if he if he skated through
this baby with maybe some help on that
jury maybe he did maybe didn't he may
not be as lucky next time he may face
the rest of his life in prison within a
month absolutely Chris I think Paul
Manafort is likely taking a long hard
look at himself in the mirror today
thinking about that decision that he
made not to cooperate remember Rick
gates got on that stand and said we both
had this option I chose a different
option than manna fort so the idea being
obviously that he refused to cooperate
with prosecutors I think to the extent
that prosecutors were planning on using
rick gates in that second trial coming
up they better rethink that clearly he
didn't play well to the jury he his
credibility was undermined he also Paul
Manafort you know has been in pretrial
incarceration prior
to the next trial coming up so he's
gotten a taste of what prison life is
like if I had to guess I'd say he's
going to be cooperating sometime soon
yeah by the way I made a big mistake I'm
going to a Phillies game tomorrow night
it's DC the next trial but it's equally
a big city court and it's going to be
tough on him I just remember again to
Watergate those guys did not do well
going into DC Court let me go back to
the kennel net you're thinking about
that Ken the difference between a North
Virginia Court which is a mixed bag of
somebody from the inner counties and
some from the outer counties what do you
you have any sense at all of that jury
yet who they are I think the jury pool
is going to be less even more
predisposed to be hostile to a
Republican political consultant Chris
you're right and also this judge it's
been very clear to us that this man
afford defense team is afraid of the DC
judge Jo jealous judge tl cells in this
case in Alexandria was widely seen as
favorable to the defense you're not
gonna see that in Washington DC but
here's the other wildcard Chris and I've
been thinking about this through the
trial and Paul Manafort you're right
showed no emotion as this verdict was
read is Donald Trump going to pardon
Paul Manafort he certainly laid the
groundwork he certainly talked about how
Manta courts been treated unfairly we're
gonna see the spectacle of two trials
against Manta for tax fraud charges tax
prosecutions are rare in this country
Chris and you know and if Donald Trump
was willing to pardon Joe Arpaio and
Denis D'Souza who've been both convicted
of felonies
what is he willing to do with Paul
Manafort I think that remains to be seen
well Glenn and then I want to go to
Caroline and the same question it's
harder to punish to pardon someone when
you benefit from the pardon personally
it's one thing to help out Jack Johnson
there's somebody from yesteryear right
because nobody holds that is a personal
deal for you but when your plot when
you're pardoning a guy who could testify
against you everyone's gonna say you're
Jerry Ford at best exactly and you know
what a pardon can equal obstruction of
justice it just can some people say well
he has unfettered unlimited pardon power
yes he does but that doesn't mean once
he exercises it Bob Muller can't look at
his intent in granting the pardon for
example you pardoned somebody because
you think they have a just cause they
were unfairly convicted great you
pardoned that same person because that
person's relative gave you a million
dollars
corrupt that is relevant on the pet
limit I didn't know there was a limit on
the pardon power so it is an unlimited
power you can exercise it in any way you
see fit but once you do we're not trying
to limit the power but we're looking
behind it to your intent and if your
intent is corrupt you may have the power
but it could also be used against you
depending on how you get the person snow
gets pardoned exactly thank you and your
thoughts on that Caroline I want to
leave you out of that because
everybody's thinking pardon when the
president came out and started shouting
from the aircraft today yeah out there
on the tarmac like he cares about this
guy he probably doesn't care at all
about mr. Cohen at this point to say
pleased if you look at again the
groundwork that Trump has laid just for
example take the Denise de Souza pardon
pardon de souza didn't argue that he
didn't commit the crime for which he was
convicted it was the argument was it was
a vindictive prosecution a selective
prosecution on the part of the
government and that's really the idea
that Trump is ginning up here in this
witch-hunt narrative he's going to say
you know of course the these had nothing
to do with with the the Russian
collusion and therefore he was treated
unfairly so you know and the idea of the
corrupt intent it's the same exact idea
we've been talking about with the firing
of James Comey was that obstruction of
justice he is of the President of the
United States and he has unfettered
power both to pardon and to fire whom he
sees fit but the question is what was
the underlying motivation and he may be
saving the pardons for his kids I'm
thinking anyway Thank You Kendall a bad
day for the press all the president's
men get guilty today
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
