we're getting a notice official
notification notification right now for
myself in from my colleague Jonathan
Dean's
a 4:00 p.m. proceeding of interest in
the United States versus John Doe John
Doe believed to be the president's
personal attorney Michael Cohen has been
scheduled before Judge Paul II in
courtroom 20 B 500 Pearl Street in New
York after that proceeding deputy US
attorney Robert Kazami will make remarks
at the worst Street entrance of the
courthouse at this point we believe to
be a plea hearing involving the
president's personal attorney Michael
Cohen scheduled from 4:00 p.m. today
federal court in Manhattan Steve that's
the latest that we have we don't have an
understanding or official court
paperwork at this point that that would
guide us in any sort of certain way as
to what these charges he will agree to
but I have now got an official word it
is Michael Cohen at 4:00 p.m. okay so I
want to make sure we're clear that so so
the the court is announcing there's a
proceeding scheduled notice from the
United States Attorney's Office saying
that there is a hearing of interest at
4:00 p.m. today in US versus John Doe
separately I've been told John Doe is
Michael Cohen okay so that that's
because you've confirmed that John Doe
is is Michael that's correct and
afterwards the deputy US attorney Robert
Kazami
who is the person who's been leading
this prosecution because the US attorney
Jeff Berman was recused from this case
originally he's going to make comments
outside of outside a court so at this
point we have a we have a plea agreement
involving Michael Cohen but the exact
terms of this and what he's playing to
we just don't have that and just to be
clear with all of the reporting about
discussions of a plea deal here and now
the the the scheduling of this hearing
they're not saying in their plea deal
but but you have confirmed this would be
for the purposes this is for the purpose
of a plea agreement that is correct yep
at that time or shortly the the plea
agreement will become unsealed in
federal court here in Manhattan and at
that point we'll be able to get a look
and see what this is all about but but
we have it and and we know that we're
gonna have a court proceeding at 4:00
o'clock today
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
