Russia is denying a new accusation that
it's trying to hack the upcoming midterm
elections in a report out this morning
microsoft says it shut down six fake
websites created by russian hackers
designed to trick users into giving up
personal and sensitive information
microsoft says the attack mirrors the
ones ahead of the 2016 election but this
time hackers are targeting conservative
groups which disagree with President
Trump on Russia and are seeking
sanctions or pushing for human rights
improvements in Russia the targets
include the Hudson Institute of
Washington conservative think-tank and
the International Republican Institute a
non-profit pro-democracy group whose
board includes Senator John McCain a
short time ago testimony from State
Department officials at the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee hearing just
punctuated where the attacks are coming
from and who they support the threat
from Russia has evolved beyond being
simply an external or military one it
includes influence operations in
orchestrated by the Kremlin in the very
heart of the Western world as the recent
facebook purges reveal the Russian state
has promoted fringe voices on the
political left and right including
groups who advocate violence the
storming of federal buildings and the
overthrow of the US government Johnny
now is sheera Frenkel the New York Times
reporter who has been covering this
story Shira good to see you thank you
for being with us first of all how did
Microsoft detect the hack and you have
some confidence that they're good at
this sort of thing that these types of
hacks can be relatively easily detected
so Microsoft detected the hack on their
side of things just as it happened they
basically caught these fake websites as
they were created and they're very good
at this sort of thing they've been doing
it for a few years now they know what to
look for and they've used the legal
system to their advantage to take down
those websites as soon as they've put up
so they can say with a pretty high
degree of certainty here what they've
found and why it needs to come down and
actually read in your article that
Microsoft I don't know whether they've
been given some authority by the Justice
Department or what it is but they have
the ability to act on this faster than
traditionally they would have by getting
the court orders right they have and
they've gone through a special judge in
Virginia in order to do so what happens
here is that these websites are being
set up by malicious actors they're
setting up a website that looks
was identical to real ones so instead of
Hudson Institute with with a capital I
there'll be the letter one and it'll
look identical to the you know average
person reading it but on their and
they're using that to hack and to get
into your computers and so they pointed
that out to the judge they said we need
to be able to take these down as soon as
they go up because one person being
tricked by them is one person too many
this is a spear phishing attack where
maybe somebody gets an email with a link
you click to it you think you're going
to the Hudson Institute or the
Republican site or in the past the
Council on Foreign Relations or the
Eurasia group and now you're on their
site and they're asking you to to submit
some information is that sort of how
this works exactly so it's a spear
phishing email which is an email that
looks innocent but actually has
malicious content or malicious link or
you know that PDF file attached to it
sometimes it'll be as simple as getting
you to go to a website and then open up
a report so you think you're on the
Hudson Institute's page you're opening
up the average kind of report that they
would publish month by month and
actually what you're doing is
downloading malware or it might ask you
for your password your login information
and then they'll turn around and use
that and go into your own systems and
find what they want so they really do
they really do use these websites to
their advantage and they manage to trick
a lot of people it's a it's a
tried-and-true method
what's the news in here given that
they're doing things that are like what
was done in 2016 given that it could be
groups like fancy bear behind it the
news here is that these are conservative
groups that are typically not what we
think we're being hacked the
conservative groups who have broken with
President Trump or who are not
supporting a President Trump in a
supportive of sanctions against Russia
yeah exactly what we're seeing is that
they're shifting the tactics of who they
target and really what this tells us
about the people behind this is that
they think quickly on their feet we've
seen it again with move sino with
Facebook we've seen it with Twitter
we've seen it with these you know these
websites that have been set up they look
and they survey American society and
they say where are the weak points
where's our in who are there who are the
people and what are the institutions
that we need to target and then they go
after them so in this case it was
conservative think-tanks those that have
broken with Trump on Russia policy and
they went after them aggressively hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that
and down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
