welcome back to belching rule NBC News
has learned just this hour the jury has
submitted a question to the judge as day
four of final deliberations in the Paul
Manafort trial are under way this former
campaign Chairman is charged with 18
counts of tax evasion bank fraud in
hiding foreign bank accounts Manta Ford
has pled guilty not guilty I'm sorry to
all charges joining me now is NBC
intelligence and national security
reporter Ken Delaney and outside the
courtroom for us in Virginia former
assistant US attorney for the Southern
District of New York Ellie honing is
with me in a studio Ken what do we know
the question alley is a rather dramatic
one the jury is asking the judge what do
we do if we can't come to consensus on
one count now obviously that suggests
they may have come to consensus on the
other 17 counts we don't know whether
that consensus is guilty or not guilty
but that's the question as it stands and
the judge is called a brief recess to
determine how he wants to answer that
question and he also asked the jury to
work on a jury form it's not clear what
where that form fits into the question
if at all but that's what we know from
here Alan hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
