we're also following another piece of
breaking news right now we've just loan
learned that Michael Cohen is in talks
about a possible plea deal WNBC chief
investigative reporter John Ethan Dean's
joins me now with that story Jonathan
what have we got on this well what we
got is that these plea talks have been
ongoing and several sources familiar
with the matter tell us that the deal
may be finalized as early as today
and that there may be if that deal comes
through there may be a court hearing
this afternoon with Michael Cohen with a
potentially guilty plea reached the
talks are fluid and it could all fall
apart and then this could be delayed a
few more days but as of now talks are
heated up between his defense lawyer and
federal prosecutors in lower Manhattan
and that there is a chance that an
agreement can be reached between
prosecutors and the defense sometime
today and that we may learn more about
this latest and Michael Cohen have been
dropping these sort of clues for a while
he had a few conversations on with
George Stephanopoulos one with the
Reverend Al in which he proclaimed his
fealty to the country not his former the
man he represented Donald Trump
however this we've also been hearing
around this timeline that they'd be some
sort of federal indictment of Michael
Cohen so all of that fits
what's interesting to our viewers is
that this would be a deal made with this
other district of New York which is
investigating him which has charged him
this is not the Muller probe but there's
been discussion that in this deal there
may be some cooperation with the mall or
probe involved that is unclear do you
would expect that to happen and one
thing no one has been charged yet right
well the talks are ongoing that you know
later this afternoon we may learn more
about where things stand right and then
there would be an open court hearing in
federal court and perhaps a press
conference by the US attorney what's
happening here in New York is unrelated
to Russia gating trip right it deals
with mr. Cohen had bank fraud his taxi
medallion business but prosecutors could
use that to put pressure on right to
cooperate so we are not as what is
ongoing in terms of these talks so while
we're careful because we don't know what
it is the the
is that this isn't about stormy Daniels
money it's not about the hundred and
thirty thousand dollars it's about
something else it's tough this is about
something else
but what's really newsworthy is that
that's something else could all be
coming to a head this afternoon hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
