one groups taking a unique approach to
disrupting Americans political duopoly
the group called unite America is trying
to recenter the political conversation
that we're having every day by backing
independent candidates competing in
statewide races this fall and in an
effort to build momentum on Saturday
more than 200 independent leaders
gathered in Denver for the first-ever
unite summit with us now veteran
journalists Ron Fournier Ron is now the
president of Truscott rossmann a
Michigan public relations firm hired by
the unite America group and Ron attended
Saturday summit and in a new column for
The Washington Post this morning he
writes in part this well a viable third
party isn't is elusive as elusive as a
horned horse there exists a rare but
rear real creature in American politics
that can systematically dismantle the
status quo the independent untethered to
two major parties growing in sums and
significance independent candidates and
office soldiers are the reindeer of
American politics if these creatures can
be corralled into controlling
coalition's and legislatures across the
country including the US Senate they
could find a powerful leverage point to
break the partisan fever their time has
come November 6th could be Independence
Day run it's great to have you with us
we're gonna go to Nick confess ory with
first question Nick Ron's good to see
you you know I've seen and you've seen
this story before I have heard so many
people argue for it's time for the
independent they're finally here it's
gonna change everything what is
different this time because in the past
we've seen this movie and it ends the
same way in either defeat for the
independent candidate or for electing an
opposing candidate who tends to be more
contrary to the view of the independent
what's different this time well first of
all Nick as you know and Joe knows we've
been talking about this forever and
there is no guarantee this is going to
happen
and it's not going to happen overnight
but what has changes people are even
angrier than ever we've seen that this
this anger turned Bill Clinton in the
president barack obama in the president
donald trump in the president and what's
what's you know we have a plain and
simple fact that there are more
independents in this country than there
are Republicans and Democrats
well unite America is trying to do is to
get over one of the two big hurdles one
is the rules are rigged against
independent candidates the Republicans
and Democrats have the rules rigged in a
way where it's almost impossible to get
on ballots and to think it's a structure
need but the big problem is the issue
you're talking about viability even
though there are more independents out
there voters don't want to waste their
vote and they're worried you know is
there any way that this can really
happen well what unites America is
trying to show on the state level is
that if we can level the playing field
through this organization you can get
independents elected and when you get
them elected there are already examples
where it can change the way state
legislatures are governing we're on this
Susan page here we've covered oh hey
we've covered a lot of campaigns
together I think there's some concern on
part of some Democrats that the rise of
talking about third party and
independent candidacies in this midterm
election could help Republicans because
it could be a place for Republicans who
are Republican leaning voters who are
unhappy with the Trump era give them a
place to land without voting for
Democrats do you think there is a
partisan impact I realize there's not a
partisan intent by this movement but is
there the potential of a partisan impact
from it definitely Susan and you and I
have been covering this long enough to
know that Republicans make the same
argument don't vote for independence you
might help the other guy
Democrats say don't vote for
independence you might help the other
guy well when are we going to stop
saying that and actually have a move in
this country it speaks to the 40 percent
of Americans who don't like either party
who are forced to vote for one party if
they're going to vote if they're going
to vote at all we have to give those
folks some voice the system has got to
be open to more than two choices you
can't go into a drugstore anywhere in
America and only be able to pick between
two kinds of toothpastes how is it that
we're in eliminar
because of the fear of the other guy -
only two choices in politics makes no
sense you know Ron this this could have
a real real impact especially in the
United States Senate if you had five six
seven independent senators that voted as
a bloc they could influence how the
Senate and basically how the government
went for for quite some time yep how did
candidates like angus King and main find
a way forward where he's running this
fall and yes a lot of people consider
him to be more Democrat than Republican
but at the same time he's got some Trump
voters that look at him
liking trusting and he'll be voting for
him this this is another guy who you
know he's most likely going to be
reelected as an independent drawing
support from both sides well because
he's got the two things that unite
Americans trying to get established
nationally one he's got the
infrastructure that can least level the
playing field against a duopoly
in - in Maine voters have seen that it
can happen take Alaska for example you
have up there an independent governor
with a Democratic lieutenant governor
who because one lawmaker flipped from
Republican to independent they were able
to forge a governing coalition it
includes Democrats three or four
Republican moderates and the couple
independent members of the legislature
and they were able to put through a very
courageous very hard-fought budget plan
that neither the Democratic Party on its
own or the Republican party on its own
would have dared to touch thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
