none of that Reuters interview in which
the president said that he could
personally take over the probe into
Russian interference in the 2016
election an investigation in which
several of his own former aides have
been charged the president said the
administration was quote a
smooth-running machine except in that
world and I've decided to say out now I
don't have to stay out I can go in and I
could do whatever I could run it if I
want but I decided to stay out the
president said I'm totally allowed to be
involved if I wanted to be so far I
haven't chosen to be involved
I'll stay out the president also
expressed doubt about the findings of US
intelligence saying the probe quote
played right into the Russians if it was
Russia they played right into Russians
hands Jeff you interviewed the president
what was your takeaway well that was
certainly one of the more interesting
parts of the interview we covered a lot
of ground but in that particular piece
the fact that he portrayed it as a
choice whether or not to be involved in
the Muller probe whether he could run it
was was really interesting and the fact
that he just in that and you showed the
clip right there on the screen and just
kind of in the clause of the sentence as
he was talking about Russia that he
inserted a little bit of doubt as to
whether or not they were responsible for
election meddling in 2016 goes to show
that that is still an issue that he is
not convinced about it is still an issue
Cadi despite the fact every single intel
chief that he himself hired and he hires
only the best people every one of them
said it was Russia yeah I mean it's
amazing how a months after the Helsinki
summit and all of the fuss and the
criticism the president got after that
having to row back his own comments
publicly which he hated doing about
whether he thought it was Russia or not
and then here he is again in this
Reuters interview saying perhaps it
wasn't Russia after all he just doesn't
seem able to bring himself conclusively
to say it was Russia end of story
given this opportunity heroes back on it
again you know I I was I was surprised
also to hear him say that he might take
the opportunity to revoke mullah
security clearance he hadn't really
thought about it but wasn't ruling that
out as a as a possibility yeah no doubt
about it Walter Isaacson is obviously
awakened in New York Jeff and he has a
question for you wall - yes I've been
reading this story that will be released
this morning from Microsoft in which
Brad Smith the general counsel there and
others a releasing report saying that
Microsoft has discovered all sorts of
Russian fake accounts fake sites that
are there right now to hack the midterms
if the president United States keeps
sort of half defending Russia and saying
well we're not even sure they did it is
the government doing things that will
try to protect us against Russia hacking
the midterms or we're gonna have to just
rely on private corporations like
Microsoft well it's a good question and
it comes down to kind of that divide
between his advisers and what they say
and what the president himself says now
the his advisors came out into the White
House briefing room just several weeks
ago and said that Russia remained a
threat and remained a threat in 2018 and
they started detailing all of the things
that the Trump administration is doing
to go against or to protect the the US
election from this kind of meddling but
it gets undermined and there are
confidence and what they are saying gets
undermined by the fact that the
president continues to make comments
like the one that he did to us in our
interview yesterday hey Jeff teittleman
here I'm sort of curious I mean we saw
yesterday this extraordinary outburst on
the president's part he's had some
Twitter tirades in the past this was
pretty extended one I think there were
at least fourteen tweets that he let go
after the McGann news came out I'm
mostly curious beyond the the news and
your excellent interview with him he's
like what had he seen you know he seemed
on in social media I think even if
you're just a completely neutral
observer he seems a little unhinged does
he see money
used in the room that's a good question
too he didn't see him unhinged in the
room no but he did start out the
interview seeming in less of a ambulant
mood than he has in some of the
interviews I've done with my colleagues
in the past and the interview yesterday
was with my colleague Steve Holland and
jamala fund and we got in and sometimes
this is the third time I've been in an
interview with the president he'll offer
us drinks he'll make a big show of
pushing the button on his desk
to bring in somebody to offer a diet
coke and he didn't yesterday and so that
was that was noticeable to the three of
us at the beginning but it ended up and
we were only supposed to have about 15
minutes with him and it ended up being
more than 30 so he he sort of warmed up
and we ended up having a really good
conversation and again I asked you you
know you're you be a bit up close with
the president when he was a candidate
and now as president nighted states more
than most other humans on planet Earth
so I you read him pretty well you've
seen him sometimes
disassembled directly to your face I
know from from some of your past
interactions so when he says something
to you like hey I've never really
thought about the Moller security
clearance question did that read to you
as credible or did that read to you as
maybe one of these instances with in
which the president was not totally
being forthcoming I will tell you he
actually yesterday seemed more
disciplined in some of his answers than
he has in some of our previous
interviews he did say to that question
which I asked him that he hadn't thought
about it but then later we followed up
again and then he said I'm not going to
comment on that and he said I'm not
going to comment to a couple of the
things that we asked yesterday and that
is a little bit unusual for him yes so I
thought he actually showed a little bit
more discipline than he sometimes does
in Q&A with reporters what were the
other things he no commented on I'm just
curious and that'll follow up quickly
like what are the other things that he
steered away from me and what struck you
as an unusually disciplined way well we
talked to him about Trade and China and
there are talks coming up this week
between the Chinese and and US officials
again about that and I asked him if I
phones and US electronics might be part
of another wave of tariffs if the
president decides to impose additional
tariffs on
China and he wouldn't comment on that
although he did mention that he had had
and we know this dinner recently with
Tim Cook of Apple so that was kind of a
hint that that's an issue that he has
discussed with executives but it was
something that he was very careful about
not saying and you know that that again
shows some discipline because if he had
made some comments about that that that
could be a market-moving comment well
Jeff and I want to just press you a
little bit more on how President Trump
discussed China did he have a sense of
confidence that he is winning the trade
war you know what he had confidence that
he's gonna wait it out because we asked
him if he would had any kind of a
deadline in mind for stopping this
dispute over tariffs and he said no I've
got a long term horizon for this he said
we asked him he said he said we said
you're supposed to meet with President
Xi of China again later this year would
you like to have things wrapped up by
then and that was not that's not the
answer he gave us he did however again
praised President Xi says he has a
strong relationship with him so he is
very comfortable with sort of this
dichotomy between really attacking an
economy attacking China over their trade
practices but also praising a leader
with whom he thinks he has a strong
relationship thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
