I'm honored to open this important
summit on cyber bullying prevention he
tweeted that again this morning
witch-hunt the safe and responsible use
of social media who else the president
has tweeted about this weekend six times
a guy named Bruce or but can also be
destructive and harmful when used
incorrectly
he's been venting his frustration in a
series of ten tweets over the last 24
hours
conducted themselves safely in positive
manner in an online setting one of the
many tweets from the president he must
be a John Dean type called rat to
reducing peer-to-peer bullying through
kindness and open communication a
particularly sharp jab at the special
counsel directly calling Muller quotes
disgraced and discredited let's face it
most children are more aware of the
benefits and pitfalls of social media
than some adults oh my goodness I see I
can't figure it out
now is she in time if she completely
clueless or is she trolling the man that
she's married to I kind of think it's
the latter that was the first lady
making remarks at a summit to quote
discourage online bullying she did that
yesterday asked about the contradictory
message the first lady's office said in
a statement that she is quote aware of
the criticism but it will not deter her
from doing what she feels is right the
president is proud of her commitment to
children and encourages her in all that
she dies good morning and welcome to
morning Joe it's Tuesday August 21st
yeah sort of like he encouraged Don
began to do all he did when he was
talking to Robert Muller we've got a
packed show today we've got national
affairs analyst for NBC News and MSNBC
John Heilemann and John I just have to
ask you if she trolling the president
there or is she just completely
separated from the realities of the hell
her husband spends every waking moment
when he has a free time there there are
many questions like that Joe that are
what I like to call force false binaries
they're not either/or as there and boats
in this case I think that is a real
binder it's an either/or and if you look
at the history and you look at Melania
Trump and the way she's handled herself
for the last 18 months in the while her
husband's been in the Oval Office I
would say she's trolling the president
more likely than being totally detached
from reality she seems pretty acutely
aware of what her husband does in social
media and she's been known to take a few
subtle shots out of my seems to me like
this might be one of them thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
