this era in DC has been marked by
mystery by many mysteries not not chief
among those mysteries but maybe deputy
chief among those mysteries is how come
white House Counsel dawn McGann is so
good at playing the hero in the press
how come he's so good at getting a
heroic portrait of his actions and his
secret beliefs and his stoic forbearance
into the papers how is White House
Counsel dan McGann managed to get so
many stories into the newspapers in
which he alone he bravely is secretly
the real American Hero
dawn McGann is reported to have been the
one who calmed the president down after
Robert Muller was appointed so the
president didn't do something truly
crazy Don McGann is reported to have
threatened to resign rather than fire
special counsel Robert Muller which the
president had ordered him to do
Bob McGann saved Bob Muller I think the
White House weirdly mismanaged the
firing of national security adviser Mike
Flynn after they were warned Flynn was
compromised by a foreign government no
no at least Don McGann didn't mismanage
anything Don McGowan reportedly warned
the White House about the lying of
National Security Advisor Mike Flynn
right away he was right on top of it
Don McGann shows up in the process
hanging in there through the chaos
selflessly pulling back from quitting
doing all the right things and hanging
in there to take care of the country's
needs despite really being pushed around
by the president in an unfair way I
don't know who one day will play the
part of someone familiar with Don
McGann's thinking what a movie is made
of all this but the role is getting
larger every day this weekend The Times
reported that Don McGann has cooperated
extensively in the Robert Miller inquiry
that he sat with investigators for 30
hours over the past nine months
The Times laid out how the president
tried to ensure control of the
investigation though never going beyond
his legal authorities and yes the White
House may be a little freaked out to
realize they had no idea Don McGann had
talked so much and had been so
forthcoming they have no idea when he
said in those 30 hours of testimony that
he Don began had no choice but to
selflessly give tonight NBC News's
report
according to a source familiar with the
matter that Don McGann's legal team told
the president's lawyers he would have
resigned if he thought he had witnessed
the president committing a crime the
source tells NBC there's no way of
knowing how Don McGann's testimony may
fit with any other evidence that the
Moller investigation has collected the
mystery of Don began the secret heroism
of Don Magan keeps growing by the hour
there are a few lumps in the ointment
though
hold that thought hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
