thing one tonight as we've discussed
here Donald Trump never misses an
opportunity to parade around law
enforcement officers in order to boost
his image as we were just discussing a
law-and-order president and almost
without fail these that events have led
to epic moments of awkwardness like the
time he stumbled and the teleprompter at
the State of the Union and just gave a
guy a new name right there in front of
the nation here tonight is one leader in
the effort to defend our country
Homeland Security Investigations special
Agent Celestino Martinez he goes by DJ
and CJ he said call me either one so
we'll call you CJ I wonder if that poor
guy still has to pretend he goes by DJ
and CJ anyway he thought that was
cringeworthy a moment from today's
salute to the heroes of ice is thing too
in 60 seconds
Donald Trump held an event at the White
House today called a salute to the
heroes of ice and CBP ice as you know
stands for Immigration and Customs
Enforcement
CBP refers to US Customs and Border
Protection now c.b.c stands for what
we're not sure the Congressional Black
Caucus we're here today to salute the
incredibly brave Patriots who keep
America safe the heroes of ice and CBC
let me extend my gratitude to every law
enforcement professional representing
ice and CBC ice and CB c CB c CB c CB c
officers the officers and agents of ice
and cbc a true and loyal friend of ice
and CBC so during the event Trump
piloted an individual CBC I'm sorry I
mean CBP agent named Adrian on Vil dua
Adrian come here I want to ask you a
question so how did you come to commit
you're not nervous that speaks perfect
English come here I want to ask you
about that yes Adrian anzald√∫a
an American border patrol agent speaks
perfect English for some reason that was
noteworthy a donald trump agent Anzaldua
took it in stride as one must do when
one comes in contact with our president
we don't ask CJ DJ smile and pretend
that what the man just said wasn't
totally weird or offensive at all
Celestino Martinez he goes by DJ and CJ
he said call me either one so we'll call
you CJ hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
