Friday President Trump is set to make
yet another trip to Ohio it's a Texas
state that voted for him in 2008
actually voted for Obama in 2008 in 2012
and then swung dramatically to Trump in
2016 he beat Hillary Clinton Ohio by 8
points
the president set to host a fundraiser
there for a Republican Senate Kennedy
candidate Jim Rene see Rene she was
challenging to term Democratic senator
sherrod Brown faces an uphill battle
Brown holds a double-digit lead right
now according to Real Clear Politics in
the averaging a pulse first elected in
2006 senator Brown has been a vocal
advocate for the working families of his
state and today's Cincinnati Enquirer
writes we need to reset the conversation
to focus on our greatest asset the
American work at one place we can start
is by unraveling the disastrous
provisions of the GOP tax plan actually
rewards companies that move the
production to foreign countries from
what I'm drum by himself
well senator Brown I've always said you
were the ideal Democrat did the
naturally but let's talk about Ohio
you know Trump ran on some pretty
appealing thanks to people like you even
though we didn't vote for my didn't vote
for my don't think you did was gonna
give her some whores and you were
against the Iraq war he was gonna build
infrastructure he's gonna be for the
were dopes no way yeah what happened
well I promised all this guy I think
people well III think Ohioans a lot of
working Ohioans believe that
Washington's forgotten them they've seen
these trade agreements that have shut
down production in Mansfield and Toledo
and moved it to Wuhan and Beijing and
Renault so Mexico and they don't see
their children having it better having a
better material life than they are and
they rolled the dice I think they're
seeing that there is no infrastructure
plan that the tax bill overwhelmingly
helps the rich you know there's a
provision in the tax bill if you if
you're manufacturing Youngstown you pay
21 percent corporate tax rate GM does
but if they move that plant to Mexico
that they've talked about how they pay
ten and a half percent so government
basically gives them a 50 percent off
coupon on their taxes well the
instructions I want to remind people
like it he made a specific promise he
was gonna rebuild Penn Station in New
York all the way to LAX Airport in
California he was gonna rebuild this
country it said he gave the tax cuts to
the rich anyway here's your ad I do like
the ad I think it does tell the
Democratic story not just in your state
let's watch
there is dignity at work whether you
collect minimum wage punch a clock or
earn a salary your hard labor should pay
off in fair wages and benefits
affordable health care in overtime pay
when you weren't because patriotism
demands investing in American workers
and if you love this country you fight
for the people who make it work so the
Democrats have always fit since I was a
kid back in the days of you know
Adelaide Stevenson Hubert Humphrey Jack
Kennedy of course for the working family
then Trump comes along and steals your
lunch what happened well I think
Democrats have not talked enough about
fighting for the little guy meaning it
really our party they too into life so
to free trade you're not there to the
other to the party has been to free
trade but the Republicans have been more
free trade but that's our problem to
show where we are and fight for workers
but I don't think the voters necessarily
think what we should be thinking and
that as you fight for the little guy
whether she punches a clock whether he
works in a diner whether she works
construction whether he works in
manufacturing or works in a nursing home
we don't as a party we've got a show
we're fighting for the little guy we
don't do that enough that's what that ad
is about it's about the dignity of work
respecting all work no matter what you
earn no matter where you work that the
dignity of work is what drives this
country and gives people a decent
standard of living and we've too often
forgotten that you know I hear it from
you when I hear from Bobby Casey Marcia
CAPTA people like that the people from
that part of the country I grew up in
Pennsylvania
thanks to Philadelphia which isn't
exactly right and all the way across of
that area and yet that is the fight that
is the grounds for 2020 as well isn't it
yes you got to win that back sure does I
mean we could win the popular vote by 5
million but we've got to win
Pennsylvania Ohio Wisconsin and Michigan
but I mean I really is though talking
about workers talking about the dignity
of work and showing showing the voters
showing you know I know I don't talk
about Clinton voters and in Trump voters
I don't talk about black or white or
Latino workers I talk about workers and
I think that's how you pull people
together guys just to be Bill Clinton
was really good at this
he used to say I'm frugal to work hard
and play by the rules that's sent a
message to people yeah I'm that for well
prep for work up for people with jobs
getting a little better break they'd say
thinks their work it liberal Catholics
like me I'm
making abortion safe legal and rare that
appeal that seem to get to the center of
the country politically isn't seem to be
there late yeah and we should have
introduced the ability of talking to
people where they're at yeah and you
want and you want it you want it when
you've how you mention that tax bill at
the beginning and how it really is just
to give away to the rich instead of
building infrastructure I said to the
president at the White House with a
group of a dozen senators look at my
Patriot Corporation Act it says if a
company pays decent wages provides good
benefits and makes in the United States
like this suits made by union workers
ten miles from my house if you do that
then you get a lower tax rate that's the
that's the kind of government people in
Ohio won a government that's responsive
to workers that helps our country that
provide brings prosperity to our
communities let me ask you about this
Supreme Court thing coming up because
you're a senator in and you're gonna get
to decide this thing how do you like you
met with Cavanaugh today areas bread
counter what do you make of the cut of
his jib right now where do you worry
about you know I've talked to him about
worker rights and I talked to him about
women's health and I talked to him about
about the CFPB and I talked to about
health care and to me I see in the bag
with the corporate world yeah I mean I
says he isn't but I I mean I think his
his history has shown that there's a
reason the president appointed him the
nominated him and and I I a five million
people in my state have a pre-existing
condition five million people if this is
the narrative on this court nominee
nomination is that he will repeal the
Affordable Care Act and take away that
consumer protection he could go down
because overwhelmingly people in this
country regardless of your party care
about care about pre-existing condition
and note we need consumer I think health
care is there is one of the big things
the country Council in the federal
government doing something about they
made me out to get you able to get your
job tomorrow morning but they can look
out for your health care a pre-existing
condition can we save Obamacare without
the without the individual mandate what
last yeah because Congress will make
some allowances if if the Democrats win
next year but it's hard it's all but but
I mean clearly there were clearly the
Republicans haven't lined up to
eliminate pre-existing people loved
Medicare text they love they love their
Social Security a lot
they love Medicaid for people that need
it like long-term care we got to win
that final health care candidate Trump
promised not to raise the eligibility
for Medicare or social security even
though to pay for the tax cut they've
already started to think about raising
the eligibility age for me they're good
at team fighting say thanks and I guess
like if I could ask people to share it
to go to sherrod Brown comment and share
that ad about the dignity of work
because it's so important
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
