don't go like I know it isn't truth
truth isn't truth you're saying it's a
falsehood and they're giving Sean Spicer
our press secretary gave alternative
facts to that alternative facts and
truth isn't truth to Trumpy slogans that
may be with us for a while but the ideas
behind them aren't new
in 2004 top Bush aide mocked what he
called quote the reality based community
in the press saying that in the bush
White House quote we create our own
reality
a year later Stephen Colbert gave us
truthiness I will speak to you in plain
simple English and that brings us to
tonight's word truthiness I don't trust
books they're all fact no heart and
that's exactly what's pulling our
country apart today
now Trump's lawyer tells us that truth
isn't truth at all and Trump himself is
urging us to quote study the late Joseph
McCarthy the titurius demagogue who used
lies to ruin lives during the Red Scare
until he was finally called out in a
public hearing joining me now a JD on
from the Washington Post the headline of
his new column says America is slouching
toward autocracy he writes that a
slow-motion dismantling of rules norms
and expectations can be more insidious
because we don't even notice what's
happening to us each day good to see you
and I couldn't agree with you more
that's the danger that these things that
operate in the abstract that the average
American doesn't relate to John
Brennan's security clearance and why he
needs it but when the president gets
away with these things one after another
without pushback from Congress it just
eats away at our democracy no that's
just sad and thinks it's good to be with
you that's exactly right and you've got
real-life examples out there in the
world what's happened in Turkey under
Aero
or what's happened in Hungary or bond
that you have formal democratic
structures but leaders slowly eat away
at them they gerrymandered districts so
they can't lose elections they sort of
killed the Free Press sometimes by
having their supporters by the the
papers that are out there that are
critical or putting journalists in jail
ultimately but this all happens very
slowly and we don't notice that I mean
you and I are sitting here very free in
our great America being able to talk
about these things but it's this slow
erosion of Rights and I think that's why
the Brennan thing hit people hard I mean
it's not that security clearances as
such are on people's minds but here are
a group of people including Brennan
whose job it is to protect the country
who were public servants and you use
something like a security clearance as a
punishment taking it away as a
punishment and it's like well what other
ways will President Trump decide that
he's going to make it very difficult for
people who choose to oppose him people
who have some power inside the
government you know on Friday night a
guest referred to us as journalists as
being alarmist about the John Brennan
thing and you have a quote in your
column which says those of us fearful
the Trump is subverting basic freedom of
freedoms and the arrangements that
sustain them are frequently dismissed as
alarmists who fail to recognize the
endurance of checks balances and other
circuit breakers in this view asserting
that Trump imperils our liberties
demonstrates a lack of appreciation for
the genius that is the American
experiment right and and I appreciate
the genius that is the American
experiment but the founders and the
people who expanded our democracy after
them counted on the other branches of
government to act as a check and a
balance on the President and one of the
points I make in the column is that this
Congress has just not done that you have
some obviously the Democratic minority
is but they don't have power
some Republicans at the margin senator
corker senator flake who notably are not
running for reelection
have spoken out but the Republicans who
hold real power in Congress who chair
the committees like the intelligence
committees they're not using this to
hold a President Trump to account on the
contrary in the case of representative
Nunez he's going after he's using his
committee to go after Trump's opponents
so you can only have checks and balances
be effective if the people who are
operating the levers of power within one
of the branches of government are
willing to use them hey I'm already
Melvin from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
