the Trump administration is proposing
major overhauls of the climate
regulations allowing states to set their
own rules on coal emissions I want to
take a look at these new rules and the
potential impact on our environment and
on our health believe it or not the
Environmental Protection Agency the EPA
is behind this plan it would reverse
Obama era measures to combat climate
change specifically the signature clean
power plan Trump's new rules are
projected to allow for 12 times the
amount of carbon dioxide released into
the atmosphere when compared with
Obama's clean power plan according to
the EPA the new rules could have an
impact on over 300 US power plants it
projects that this proposal would make
slight cuts to overall pollutant
emissions over the next decade but the
numbers aren't that great when compared
to the Obama plan that was in place by
2030 the Obama administration's clean
power plan would have reduced carbon
dioxide emissions by about 19% compared
to 2005 levels that would be the
equivalent of taking 75 million cars off
the road the new plant will have less of
an impact than Obama's plan but will
still have a net reduction from those
2005 levels cutting co2 emissions by
just 0.7 percent to two and a half
percent in the same time frame that's
equal to taking only 2.7 to 5.3 million
cars off the road when it comes to
sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide
emissions elements that form smog those
would be cut by one and two percent
respectively under the new plan compared
to 22 and 24 percent under Obama's plan
now the cost of coal energy seems like a
bargain upfront because coal powered
electricity costs about 3.2 cents per
kilowatt hour that's enough to run your
microwave for about an hour straight but
if you factor in the cost of health care
coal is about a hundred and seventy
percent more expensive each kilowatt
hour of coal generated electricity costs
at least an additional five point six
cents of damage to our well being that
includes the price of health care and
climate change-related damages a study
from Harvard Medical School estimates
that the public
health cost of coal in Appalachia alone
is a whopping seventy four point six
billion dollars that's the public health
care we're gonna be paying for these new
rules over the next few decades with our
pocketbooks and with our health joining
me now is former EPA Administrator Gina
McCarthy Gina good to see you again what
do you make of this what's the both the
immediate and the longer-term impact of
rolling back the clean power plan well
Ally I don't know whether I can do a
better job than you just described but
let me give it a shot
really this clean power plan as I
understand it is really a proposal that
is following the industry playbook
step-by-step it's all about coal at all
cost
it's about deferring the mission of the
agency so that you can save a few
dollars and it is in fact not even going
to save a few dollars it's going to
impact our health our well-being the
future for our kids why they're doing
this is very simple they're simply
playing to their their base at this
point and it really is all about pushing
coal out as if that's a path forward
instead of clean energy which is we you
get the biggest bang for the buck all
around right and we've we've seen that
the base when it comes to coal is small
and and people who working coal have
legitimate concerns about what their
future is going to look like but we
could actually spend money in addressing
those concerns in retraining in in doing
other things we are protecting an
industry that it's a little bit strange
to protect what does anybody I mean this
is part of why you and I talked about
why Scott Pruett was in there for so
long because this is what they're busy
doing at the APA they're deregulating
that's exactly what they're doing
they're not paying any attention to the
mission of the agency but even more
importantly with this rural Ally is
they're not just going to result in I
would argue significantly more carbon
pollution then what would have happened
under the clean power plan they're
actually costing us a lot more the
deferring the federal judgment and
giving it to States who could
essentially do little or nothing to
reduce carbon pollution totally up to
them in contrast to the the
rules which we just saw that was all
about the federal government taking
charge in eliminating California's
ability as a state and others to
actually go further so this is just you
know part of a playbook that is nothing
but taking away our public health
protections deferring real action we
need for our future and all at the
expense of our pocketbooks in our health
and at least California in the car issue
is is suing on that but let me just ask
you this if there is a future and if
there is an administration that isn't
sort of not in denial about climate
change could could this be rebuilt could
can we go back can we get back on track
if this happens here's the challenge
that we have you know the clean energy
movement in the u.s. is strong but we
can't afford the kind of delays that
we're seeing from this administration of
course we'll come back people know
climate change is real and EPA is not in
this rule actually denying that or
denying EPA's responsibility to reduce
the carbon pollution that's fueling
climate change they're just not doing it
and so what you see is this is another
delay the great news is that this
administration has an abysmal track
record when they're trying to delay
needed protections like this in the DC
Circuit under the when they're looking
at these appeals are really slamming
them back most recently we saw a
reversal of the delays on the waters of
the US a reversal on the delays of
chlorpyrifos which is a pesticide that
hurts our kids a reversal on the delays
relative to other rules moving forward
like a chemical manufacturing safety
rules all of those are getting thrown
back at EPA the bad news is that every
minute and every year we delay in making
climate action real and happen
we are losing us leadership we're losing
our ability to protect our kids future
and our health today
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and high
you can get more MSNBC for free every
day with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
