let's begin today with this incredible
new reporting on Don Magan he is the
lawyer for the office of the presidency
giving Bob Muller his account of what's
going on inside the West Wing
has he flipped on the President of the
United States for all intents and
purposes I've got a great team to help
me break it all down let's explain where
things stand first up because we have
learned a lot about Bob Muller's
investigation just in the past couple of
days it started with that New York Times
reporting that White House Counsel Don
began had spoken to Bob Muller at least
three times since December spending at
least 30 hours with the special counsels
investigators why is that important
because McGann has had a front-row seat
to many of the key incidents that Muller
is investigating that includes the
firing of Jim Comey and the president's
attempts to gain some measure of control
over the Russia investigation and that's
in addition to what the New York Times
describes as quote the president's most
intimate moments with his lawyers here's
a key point the president could have
prevented McGann from speaking tomorrow
by invoking executive privilege but he
chose not to
but Ganz attorney said over the weekend
quote President Trump through counsel
declined to assert any privilege over
mr. McGann's testimony so mr. McGann
answered the special counsel team's
questions forcibly and honestly as any
person interviewed by federal
investigators must so what did he tell
Muller but we don't know for sure but
the time says quote mr. McGann laid out
how mr. Trump tried to ensure control of
the Russia investigation giving
investigators a mix of information both
potentially damaging and favorable to
the president mr. McGann cautioned to
investigators that he never saw mr.
Trump go beyond his legal authorities
although the limits of executive power
are somewhat murky was it a mistake for
Trump to allow McGann to speak to Muller
depends who you ask
the time says that McGann and his lawyer
were quote stunned by that decision
quote McGann's attorney William Burke
has explained to others that he told
White House advisors they
did not appreciate the president's legal
exposure and that it was insane that mr.
Trump did not fight a magan interview in
court but if you look at the president's
tweets over the weekend he says the
reason he didn't fight the interview is
simple he has nothing to hide and
there's another part of this The Times
says the president's legal team never
gotten a ganz version of events ahead of
time so that's left them in a position
where they believe that the White House
Counsel didn't put the president in
legal jeopardy but they're not sure
here's Rudy Giuliani on Meet the Press
well you have a good sense obviously of
what mr. McGann testified to I can
figure it out from how how do you say
that good sense have you debriefed them
no no but mr. Dowd has a good good
sensitivity to talk to them at the time
so you don't know what mr. McGann you
don't know how two percent of what he
testified to Tiger Muller I think that
through through through John dad we have
a pretty good sense of it and John dad
yesterday said I'll use his words rather
than mine that began with a strong
witness for the president so I don't
need to know much more about that hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
