the allegations are grave the
investigation is legitimate and
ascertaining the truth the whole truth
and nothing but the unqualified on
evasive truth is absolutely critical the
search for truth is being led by highly
capable former Solicitor General of the
United States in a former judge of the
United States Court of Appeals for the
DC Circuit Kenneth Starr
mr. president deeply troubled today
because judge Starr's pursuit of the
truth is being undermined every step of
the way every single day in the press by
those whose sole mission is to attack
and impugn the court-appointed
independent prosecutor and the
congressionally created process and
these attackers are not the journalists
or the broadcasters mr. president what
troubles me the most here is that these
reckless attacks these ruthless
onslaughts are being carried out by the
closest advisors to the President of the
United States Wow
that's Mitch McConnell I you think
talking about the Trump investigation
and all those attacking Robert Muller
but John meet some talk about parallels
between what Mitch McConnell was
complaining about in 1998 and what is
actually happening 20 years later for an
investigation against Bill Clinton that
went on twice as long and didn't produce
1/10 of the results that Robert Muller
has already produced in a year yeah you
know clips like that make you understand
to some extent why people dislike
Washington you know you don't you don't
need to reach very far for an
explanation there's a an inherent
cynicism and life in political life in
particular we all know that you don't
have to pretend that everything is about
the League of Women Voters and common
cause and the Brookings Institution to
say that politics is an imperfect
business full of imperfect people but at
a certain level and in certain moments
in the life of the Republic the people
who really do speak truth who
damn the consequences in the short term
are rewarded in the in the long term
because they did the right thing and I
think that Republicans and Democrats
should be supportive of this
investigation there's clearly probable
cause if not in the legal sense of that
is certainly in the common sense nothing
of it to support this search for for
truth and with all respect to Mayor
Giuliani there there is an objective
truth there are objective things known
such as facts and you know in the middle
of the most important interview arguably
in human history between Jesus of
Nazareth and Pontius Pilate Pilate says
what is truth as kind of a cynical aside
well truth is what we can most
consciously and most diligently or come
to and there's a sign on the wall we've
been talk with the intelligence
community you know the line from the
Gospel of John is on the wall of the
George Bush Center for intelligence and
Langley you shall know the truth and the
truth shall set you free I think what a
lot of people are fearing within the
Trump circles is that if people know the
truth the truth will actually take them
from freedom now and how remarkable it
is that you have Mitch those Mitch
McConnell statements and you can find
other Republicans making similar
statements in 1998 in 1999 being shocked
and distressed that Bill Clinton was
engaging in moral relativism and even
calling into question the definition of
the word is and there you have Mitch
McConnell of course attacking the
president's men and women for going
after the Independent Counsel at the
time well Donald Trump himself the
President himself just tweeted while we
were showing the clip of Mitch McConnell
an attack on robert muller an attack on
a marine
an FBI director a man who has his
intented his entire life to service to
the United States of America there is
certainly nothing disgrace or
discredited about Bob Muller and the
majority of Americans agree and as I
said before there there really there
if the polls taken were elections that
Muller would be beating Donald Trump in
a landslide by 20 points in just about
every single category and sadly that my
biggest takeaway from the Mitch
McConnell clip is John Meacham's take
away this I don't say it a little more
bluntly this is why Americans hate
politics and you know it's tribal
what is is good for Democrats one week
is is good for Republicans the next week
what's bad and and the inconsistencies
through the years actually through the
months through the days drive Americans
mad because that there just seems to be
two teams two tribes fighting each other
and the truth at the end of the day
doesn't mean as much that's protecting a
member of your own tribe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
