we begin through the looking-glass why
is everybody so obsessed with the
president I states that they can't even
begin or finish a sentence without
mentioning his name five times it's kind
of weird that's an interesting question
to try and answer part of the issue is
stories keep evolving like when the
president's son met with Natalia vessel
nets kiyah at Trump Tower the Trump
Tower meeting itself is at least
evidence of you better investigate it's
it's a how is it not well because the
meeting was originally for the purpose
of getting information about about
Clinton the meeting turned into a
meeting which at itself it's attempted
collusion I understand you've just said
it if meeting was intended to get dirt
on Hillary Clinton from a lawyer no no
the intention of the meeting you just
said it that was the original intention
of the meeting it turned out to be a
meeting about another subject and it was
not pursued at all and even the question
of whether the president played a role
in drafting a statement about that
meeting has changed from no to yes those
specifics are damning enough but the
overarching reality is that this
administration repeatedly insists that
you are entitled to your own facts
you're saying it's a falsehood and
they're giving Sean Spicer our press
secretary gave alternative facts to that
I think it's very important to point out
that in a situation like this you have
overtime back to develop fact counting
is anything we've never had anybody with
the level of in destiny that he has the
eye of the beholder no facts or not
always well now okay so just remember
what you're seeing and what you're
reading is not what's happening this
trout I don't need to go like I know it
isn't truth truth is in truth the
president United States says I didn't
truth is a truth mr. mayor do you
realize what I know don't do that don't
do this to me don't tell her that I'm
trying
joining me on set chief correspondent
for the Washington Post Dan Balz
NBC's intelligence and national security
reporter Kendall a nyan former special
assistant to the president and former
press secretary for vice president pence
Mark Lauder and White House reporter for
The Washington Post sungmin Kim thank
you all for being here I hardly know
where to begin on this evening but Dan
Balz
since you have spent many many years
watched many presidents do this have you
ever seen before this kind of
dissembling around what is true and what
is not true in your time as a reporter
covering Washington no I don't think
anybody has I mean we've we've seen
presidents who have dissembled
occasionally we've seen administrations
that have lied we know that that is
sometimes hard and parcel to the way
they approach things but we've never
seen it on the scale and the consistency
of this of this White House in this
administration and I think what we saw
with Mayor Giuliani today was just
another example of that I think we
actually have if I can ask my executive
producer Ben to play that that clip
again of Giuliani sure there's in truth
one more time
truth isn't truth yeah just just so
we're clear
mark water do you agree
what I think is what them it's a yes or
no question what I what I think Rudy
Guiliani is talking about is that
sometimes we have a lot of facts that
are brought together to create an
incomplete and not accurate conclusion
we've seen this time and time it's
administration I mean when you take an
oath you sit down in front of a jury or
a judge or a congressional committee you
say I promise to tell the truth the
whole truth and nothing but the truth is
that a statement that like can no longer
apply in government because if you
listen to all these things that many
administration officials have said it
sure seems that way I think what you're
saying though is that you can take you
can take the facts and and facts are
facts but if you reach a wrong
conclusion by stringing a bunch of them
together then that's still the wrong
conclusion and I mean in a way it's like
a Dan Brown novel we're picking a bunch
of different facts to create a
entertaining and fictional conclusion
and I think that's what Rudy Giuliani is
getting at I don't think that I don't
think that the argument there was that
anyone was trying to say there was
already a conclusion but rather that
there have been several very specific
events that have facts associated with
them the administration has said one
thing and then another thing has turned
out to be true
right yes there have been there have
been times when the wind of the
information has changed and the story
has changed okay so I want to kind of
dig into this a little bit further just
because I think it's it's really
important because this level of
casualness with the truth has permeated
all levels of our politics there is
Texas congressman Blake Farenthold who
resigned after using government money to
settle sexual harassment claims in a
deposition and documents obtained by The
Huffington Post he claims quote the eff
tards one and when the Republican
governor of Texas asked Farenthold to
pay for the special election to fill a
seat Farren hold responded complaining
about quote the deep state fake news and
being a victim of a political witch-hunt
then there's the case of Melissa Howard
running for a state House seat in
Florida this week her campaign said
reports she did not actually have a
college degree were fake news and posted
to social media quote the truth South
shall set you
before distributing this photo of
herself with a diploma then Miami
University of Ohio stepped in and said
no she really doesn't have one doesn't
have one doesn't exist days later she
withdrew from the race segment Kim you
and I are on Capitol Hill most days
talking to lawmakers a wide variety of
whom you know have decent relationships
with the truth what's your sense of of
how much this erosion of what we can
believe in what we can't is really
sitting in well I think there's clearly
a has been a rising distrust in the
media for a while I mean let's be honest
you know the press doesn't always have
the highest approval ratings with the
public but I do think that there is this
rising skepticism from the public about
what we are disseminating what lawmakers
that are telling us and a lot of that
frankly has come from the president you
know this was something that he did
during the campaign you know you know
using the media as his foil calling us
fake news we saw in one of the clips
earlier at a recent public event he said
you know don't essentially don't believe
all you hear so I think that you know
lawmakers are seeing the president's
tactics towards the media and you know
several of them are adopting it as their
own Kenza lenient how much of this has a
real impact on kind of the how the
Muller investigation is going to play
out I mean it does seem as though some
of what this administration is trying to
do in muddying the waters about the
mother investigation is sinking in with
the public absolutely you know I feel
like I'm back in college because the
left when I was in school had a
philosophy that the truth was relative
and could be influenced by your identity
racial gender there was the
Conservatives who hated that argument
now the Conservatives have a dot point
that there is no one truth this is this
is a pretty cynical game in my view that
is all aimed at way you just described
which is discrediting the Moller
investigation for the audience that
matters which is the Republican base and
the Senators and House members who are
elected by that base who are going to
eventually decide on an impeachment
motion and and more importantly a
conviction in the Senate which requires
two-thirds hey can we can we go
- Giuliani for just a minute when he was
talking with Chuck on the program this
morning he was I think trying to say
that Jim Comey says the president told
him to lay off Mike Flynn and the
investigation and the president says no
I never said that so he's saying well
there's no truth you know
but that means there are two sides to a
story but there is truth one of those
people is telling the truth and one of
those people is not telling the truth or
maybe they're both lying and there's a
third version but there is well there is
truth and I think that when when when
Mayor Giuliani does what he does today
it is as Ken says it's an effort to
muddy everything and to discredit as
opposed to what he did as a prosecutor
which was to get at the truth and just
as an aside you know who does that and
is masterful at it the Russian
government and the Russian intelligence
services that is their whole game
against the West is to suggest that
nothing you can believe you can't
believe what you see in the media
there's relativism
it's what about ISM there's no truth
they do it all the time and now the
right the alt-right is adopting that in
our politics mark cluttered want a less
word response or would you prefer we
just move along but I think if there is
there is some relative that we do have
to take a look at and I think we all we
all hold a certain amount of blame in
this I'll go back in October of last
year where and I'll pull it off here we
the george papadapolis plea agreement
was significantly enormous it was more
problematic than the gates and mana fort
indictments he had already given up for
other people those were all things that
were being talked about for 24/7 on
cable news after the fact of a plea deal
now we know this week it was all
insignificant so we've got to be careful
when we get into areas of
prognosticating what we think is going
to happen and what things mean and we
find out the facts later are wrong is
that true I wouldn't say it significant
I think he didn't cooperate and at the
end of the day they couldn't trust what
he said but they have his emails and his
phones that's what we learned in a plea
agreement and so it's not good that they
need his testimony they know about his
interactions with
I know who in the campaign he shared the
information that the Russians had
Hillary Clinton's emails and if anything
that is an argument to wait for Robert
Muller and his team to gather all the
facts and then present conclusions while
the president's team is clearly trying
to prejudice exactly what American
voters feel about those conclusions
before any of us have them anyway we
should move on now because meanwhile
president Trump and his legal team are
firing back at the New York Times after
the paper report of the White House
Counsel dawn McGann has been cooperating
extensively with Robert Muller's
obstruction inquiry just out tonight the
paper reports quote presidents Trump's
lawyers do not know just how much the
White House Counsel Donald Magan told
the special counsels investigators
during months of interviews mr. Miggins
lawyer has offered only a limiting
account limited accounting of what mr.
McGann told the investigators according
to two people close to the president
that has prompted concern among mr.
Trump's advisors that mr. McGann's
statements could help serve as a key
component for a damning report by the
Special Counsel Robert Muller here's
Rudy Giuliani again on Meet the Press
this morning John dad yesterday said
I'll use his words rather than mine that
began with a strong witness for the
president so I don't need to know much
more about that they don't have
collusion or conspiracy as Brennan
pointed out and you say this always so
definitively how do you know they don't
lie I know they don't because look this
whole there's all McGann thing leaked
from them if they had if they had a some
kind of evidence that there was
collusion or there was obstruction don't
you think it'd have been leaked I mean
they leaked everything yeah I mean
Kendall a nyan what's in your view kind
of significance of what we now know
about the McGann testimony and and while
yes the the White House had been arguing
as recently as this morning that they
were fine with it there were still
information down in that story at the
first story at the Times that you know
Magana thought he was gonna potentially
be being set up absolutely that was a
jaw-dropping story if they were fine
with it they didn't read the story very
carefully because it made clear that Don
McGann sees himself as as the White
House Counsel a lawyer protecting the
office of the presidency not Donald
Trump and that he was worried that Trump
was trying to set him up so
he made a decision to fully cooperate
with Robert Muller went in there with
his lawyer three times some 30 hours of
interviews and the White House does not
know what he said but the story
suggested that he talked about those
episodes where Trump was pressuring him
to fire Muller and he was resisting
because he knew it was improper that
could be very damaging and he's the only
witness that can give Muller you know
those the sort of intimate details of
those exchanges could be very important
dan bows were you surprised by this I
mean that John Dean comparison in
particular I mean you've sort of seen
this come arc play out that's a pretty
striking historical comparison it is to
have the White House Counsel in a sense
cooperating fully
even if blessed by the White House
initially with the special prosecutor
and now to recognize as they seem to
tonight or that earlier today that they
didn't really know everything that he
had to say puts them in a very very
difficult position I mean I think I
think it is a reminder that the
president's legal counsels throughout
this the one's not the White House
Counsel but his personal have not served
him well almost from start to finish and
and whether it was the original team
were now mayor Giuliani things are said
things are done and they come back and
they cause them problems at the end so
this I think this has to be very
worrisome we don't know whether he will
turn out to have been a good a good
witness for the president or whether he
will have undermined the president but
if you if you are in the president's
situation right now and you don't fully
know what happened between those two
you've got a problem has to be
nail-biting to say the least
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
