the senator I did not I was not involved
and am not involved in the questions
about the rules governing governing
detention of combatants were and so I
did do not have any involvement with
that Donald Trump's nominee for Supreme
Court Brett Kavanaugh told the Senate in
2006 that he was not involved in the
Bush administration's legal
justifications for torturing suspected
terrorists but now Democrats say he may
not have been telling the truth EJ
Dionne Kareem jean-pierre and Richard
Bader back with me uh EJ it appears that
from the records that they've been able
to ascertain and clearly they are
proceeding without all of the records
coming because National Archives said
that it will take to the end of October
to get all the records and it seems as
though Senator McConnell's trying to
rush the hearings and rush I think he
said the hearings for the 4th he's
trying to rush the process and not wait
on the all of the archives something
they did not do when such of my air was
being nominated but even from what they
do know it appears that that just is not
true that he was involved in the White
House and involved in the legal
decisions and discussions around torture
well this issue has been eating at
Democratic senators particularly Senator
Durbin of Illinois and Senator Leahy of
Vermont a long before Kavanagh was
picked at best of what he said was
incomplete and they believe it was
outright misleading and so they now have
the opportunity to raise this again but
there are a couple of problems here
problem one as you suggested is that
they are not being very they meaning the
Republicans in the Senate are not being
very forthcoming
making all of Judge Cavanaugh's white
house record under President Bush
available when Elena Kagan was nominated
they did a Republicans demanded ain't
got just about everything I think
everything about her White House record
the other thing is the Republicans are
being so partisan about this there's
really only one senator who is not seems
to not fully committed maybe senator
Murkowski but really it's all up to
Susan Collins if Susan Collins doesn't
take this seriously Kavanagh goes
through and that's a kind of
partisanship that is just really
hardened over time that Kareem I think
that is what is scary the partisanship
hardening to the point of you're talking
about seating someone in the Supreme
Court that you have not done a thorough
review of the record many of the civil
rights group including in full
disclosure National Action Network have
been meeting and talking this week and
one of the concerns have been that the
Democrats don't have the votes and
they're not even raising the fact that
they're rushing this through without a
thorough looking of the record I'm not
talking about the Republicans here that
they did the Kagan that they did - sir -
Meyer and I think part of it is they
fear if this goes after the midterm
elections they may not have the majority
of the Senate to really put them in
which is really saying we know we have a
bad candidate but therefore we've got to
go with a stacked deck in order to put
this through and that in itself ought to
be appalling when we're talking about a
lifetime seat on the Supreme Court
there's nothing to do with the given
party or the seasons that we may be
living in in terms of who's up and who's
down political that's exactly right
Reverend I mean here we have everything
is on the line literally everything is
on the line we have a conservatives
conservative Supreme Court justice pick
that is politically toxic because we see
that in a Reese
poll where Cavanaugh is seen as one of
the least popular Supreme Court justice
pics that we have seen in decades I
think the only person the the least
popular is Robert Bork which doesn't say
much for him and you know Cavanaugh is
going to if he makes it to that to the
court he is going to change everything
that you've worked so hard for Reverend
that many of us have worked so hard for
vote voting rights affirmative action
women's rights to choose lbgtq riots I
mean everything is on the line and we
cannot we cannot take that likely I
think Democrats need to do more they
need to talk about this more we have we
are not hearing about Cavanaugh at all
and and then the Supreme Being the the
Supreme Court justice bacon how they're
moving forward so quickly and even the
records his records not being presented
we're not really hearing about that we
have to try and push through the media
coverage and put that back on back out
there because this is incredibly
dangerous what we're seeing and and like
I said everything is on the line we
could not we should be we should be
scared to death by what's happening here
with this potential Cavanaugh pick with
this potential Cavanaugh I'm getting
onto the court Richard in many ways many
of us feels that field that President
Trump has weakened and devalued the
presidency in terms of it as an office
and if we start having people ramrod
based on party and preferences the
Supreme Court we also I believe and I
want your reaction begin to reduce the
Supreme Court and what it means and what
it stands for because then now we're
looking like we're just dealing in some
backroom political game here we're
talking about the people that will
interpret the Constitution people that
have life long appointments and have the
ultimate judicial authority in this
country and we are playing bothering
games almost in the Senate around this
like you're talking about somebody that
is a precent captain in old-time Tammany
Hall New York or Chicago of machine here
this is outrageous when you think about
it well you're absolutely right Reverend
he's acting like a party boss and he's
really acting like a dictator first this
president is not conducting himself as
president is required under the
Constitution he needs to be removed from
office the United States House and
Senate Judiciary Committee should be
having impeachment hearings and they
should not be confirming any nominee to
the United States Supreme Court until
they address the fact that President
Trump is not conducting himself as a
president under the United States
Constitution second Brett Kavanaugh
wrote an article Law Review article in
2009 in the Minnesota law review say
that the president should not be
investigated or sued while he's in
office very different position than that
he took while he's working for Ken Starr
going after a President Bill Clinton but
that being said Brett Kavanaugh is the
obvious pick for President Trump who
wants to stock the back at the Supreme
Court
why does him want to stack the deck
because Bob Muller may have to go to the
Supreme Court to get evidence from the
president from the White House just as
Archibald Cox did in 1973 have to go to
the United States Supreme Court to get
an order to order release of the White
House tapes so President Trump is trying
to stack the deck and Brett Kavanaugh is
the obvious pick given his position the
president should never be investigated
while in office this is a no-go not to
mention the fact that there's been a
conservative Afric by the extreme right
to overturn Roe vs. Wade for four to
five years and I think that's what's
going on here - they're looking at some
people are even kookier but they passed
up on those people for Brett Kavanaugh
but that's going on as well bottom line
there to have this hearing in January we
got impeachment hearing to have right
now absolutely well it did they held up
EJ the nomination of President Obama of
Mill Gossage saying that we've got to
wait till after the election let the
people of America decide well you've got
a water
$0.32 it up you've got all kinds of
seats up let the American people decide
and then we'll see on their nomination I
mean McConnell said this but a Koreans
point we're not hearing the Democrats
aggressively raised that there needs to
be an all-out blitz in my opinion of at
least having this debate because you had
them literally block even a hearing on
President Obama's nomination and now
they're able to Ram this through without
a real groundswell his scary well if you
hadn't raised from Merrick garland I was
going to raise Merrick garland because
they're blocking the pret Merrick
garland you believe you yeah it gave the
that nomination gave the Senate a lot
more time and yet at the time the
Republican majority said no we're gonna
wait till after the election now with
the Republicans having the Senate still
and a Republican nominee they're saying
no no that logic is no longer operative
as Richard Nixon used to say I blocked a
garland coming in I'd said go Gossage
was the one that was yeah he became the
one that Trump was able to get through
because of what they did with Garland
the stolen seat and and I think that
Democrats are raising a lot of these
issues you've got three Democrats who
are in a difficult position
because they are running for reelection
in Trump state senator Donnelly senator
Manchin senator Heitkamp maybe senator
McCaskill but you've got a lot of
Democrats telling it about this and the
reason we're having this conversation is
because of what senators Durbin and
Leahy are doing but the majority has a
lot of power and Senator McConnell is
running the Senate the way the house is
normally run in the Senate historically
the minority had a lot of power to make
its points Senator McConnell is just
basically riding roughshod over minority
rights in the Senate that's how they're
they may push this nomination through
but I think there is still if I can use
the sports metaphor
a number of innings left and I again I
think the pressure what kind of pressure
is brought to bear on on senator Susan
Collins is probably key to this whole
thing I think you're right and I think
that there are innings left and you play
all the way to the bottom of the ninth
it's not over and I think too many
people are throwing in the towel and
people need to understand what's at
stake here as Kareem said is a half a
century of women's rights voting rights
civil rights there's too much at stake
not to fight every second till this is
over
EJ Kareem and Richard are sticking
around Rudy's out on the Sunday morning
talk shows we'll have it for you next
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
