you've made appearances at four of
david' Horace's Freedom Center events
again four separate times for speeches
among some of mr. Horwitz's statements
quoting here this country's only serious
race war is against whites he even made
those statements then yes he had sir the
first statement was made am I supposed
to know every single statement somebody
makes mr. Gilliam I'll give you a chance
to respond now let me first say my
grandmother used to say a hit dog will
holler
now I'm not calling mr. DeSantis a
racist I'm simply saying the racists
believe he's a racist if you're not
following the Florida governor's race
you should be that was one of the more
heated exchanges from the final debate
for Florida governor between former
Republican congressman Ron de Santos and
Tallahassee's Democratic mayor Andrew
Gilliam where the issue of race was a
big part of last night's Meetup
the Miami Herald described it as a
bare-knuckle brawl and Wright school was
lost the moderator was not spared any
venom and in between daggers and
accusations when policy was actually
discussed two candidates firmly on the
opposite ends of the political spectrum
left little for the voters in the middle
to chew on with less than two weeks ago
polls still show Gilliam with the lead
over his opponent the latest Real Clear
Politics average has him four and a half
points ahead of De Santis
Joyce Steve and the table are here what
do you make of this race you know this
has been a Republican State at that
level for so long you know what look I
think that Ron de santis made a tactical
choice in the primary to dive headlong
into the Trump wing of the party in
court them and he is paying the price it
used to be that if you're a Republican
in the primary it was it was a problem
of tacking too hard right on issues and
now it's a problem of tacking and
becoming to Trump II and he became to
Trumpy let's illustrate your point
here's one of DeSantis his ads
everyone knows my husband Ron De Santis
is endorsed by President Trump but he's
also an amazing dad
loves playing with the kids filled the
wall he reads stories then mr. Trump
said you're fired I love that part he's
teaching Madison to talk make America
great again
people say Ron's all Trump but he is so
much more
big-league so good I just thought you
should know
Ron DeSantis for governor listen this ad
is both the best and worst ad of the
cycle we gave him the nomination but now
it looks silly
it looks like a parody I mean just to
deconstruct it for one second she says
you know that Donald Trump has endorsed
my husband but he's a good father it's
in other words it's saying he's
demonized by Donald Trump but he has
some saving graces he's actually nice to
his children I mean that's kind of
amazing that that's the ad and that
that's where we are Kareem jean-pierre
is joining the conversation she's a
senior advisor to moveon.org and you've
been on the ground around the country
this race seems like one that is I don't
know jinx anything but trending in the
Democrats favor talk about what you see
going on in what we've been describing
is a pretty red state yeah it really is
I mean you know of you guys I'm sure
talked about Donald Trump won the state
by one or two percentage points it's a
very red state it's the big battleground
states and the 20 I'm sorry in the in
the presidential election I think what's
happening is in this particular election
is the Santis has literally embraced the
worst parts of Donald Trump's political
playbook and by doing that you have
white national as he sent a loud and
clear message to white nationalists who
are coming out and supporting him talk
to you know I'm sure you guys talked
about the robo calls that have happened
after he kicked off his general election
campaign with a racial slur and so
essentially what's happening though
Nicole is they're running a very very
different campaign you have and closing
arguments are you have a DeSantis saying
you know fear mongering doing
fear-mongering politics of fear and
that's what he's going with and you have
Andrew Gilliam if elected would be the
first african-american governor of
Florida running in this an inspiring
campaign that really authentic and
talking about the issues that people
care about I mean young people you talk
to young people in the state
who are in college and university coming
out to support him and they will tell
you exactly why they support Andrew
Gilliam and they are in energize and and
totally all-in for him and so it's very
two different campaigns and we're
talking about the midterms where
Democrats the base does not come out on
our side and so Andrew Gilliam has been
able to do that because he is authentic
and inspiring the one other thing he's
doing that really no one has done in the
trump era is he's taking the question of
race that John has weaponized through
dog whistles and really after
Charlottesville not so much dog whistles
but but megaphones
and he's turned that dynamic around to
say in his debate last night I'm not
calling you a racist but the races think
you're on their side David Duke after
Donald Trump announced that he's going
to make the word nationalist great again
David Duke said Trump embraces
nationalism in a massive jam-packed
99.9% white venue in Houston zeo
journalist asked him if this is white
nationalism of course fundamentally it
is as there is no ethnic or racial group
in America more nationalist than white
Americans so what's the problem I mean
this is the conversation about race from
the point of view of the racists and
Gilliam just went there and didn't let
this sort of undercurrent of you can't
even call an undercurrent this current
of racism turned the tide in that state
Nicole that's exactly right he was
skillful at it normally Democrats stay
away from talking about racism they
don't deal with it they run away from it
and what he did is he was able to call
to talk about racism and call and well
he did it without calling his candidate
they could be his opponent a racist
which is really amazing and what ended
up happening is he made it go viral
he made that moment go viral which is
incredibly difficult to do in a debate
and we're not talking about anything
else but we're talking about how
skillful Andrew Gilliam was able to do
that to pull that out in a way that was
incredibly smart Steve Schmidt the the
question of race and trumpism nothing
surprises me about the lack of courage
from Republicans but there are a handful
of Republicans about whom I'm still
disappointed that they don't speak out
about Donald Trump's flagrant racism I
get why they go along
some of the hardline immigration
policies I get that that has torn that I
don't agree with it but that's torn the
Republican Party apart since since when
you and I were still practicing
Republicans but I don't get the silence
over the flagrant blatant constant
racism the embrace from David Duke I
have no explanation for that is this is
is this race as this state finally
turning that dynamic around well it
speaks to the corruption of the
conservative movement in the Republican
Party the reality is is that when Donald
Trump declares himself a nationalist the
Nationalists understand exactly what he
means and by the way let's stop calling
them white nationalists and called them
by their name which are neo-nazis and
Klansmen but what Trump has done with
regard to nationalist quote-unquote is
send a signal that well we may not bring
you home to Thanksgiving dinner and put
you in the front row at the rallies but
you're an important and vital part of
our coalition and after Trump said he
was a nationalist if you go to the
neo-nazi website the daily stormer you
see celebration that they have achieved
a goal that they have been given a seat
at the table that their views are held
as somewhere in the mainstream and that
they are part of a coalition that is led
by Donald Trump and when you look at
that DeSantis head remember two things
the first thing he says in the election
is it's not time to monkey around uses
the word monkey which of course is
deliberately racist against an
african-american ponent but think about
the small seed corruption of the
Republican Party Florida is a state with
21 million people it has very nearly a 1
trillion dollar economy and DeSantis is
argument to put him in charge of that as
the chief executive is that he is a
faithful obedient drone to the maximum
leader Donald Trump what an absurdity
what a stupid proposition and so what
the Santis is done is he's played
footsie openly
with all of these white national
with the most base elements of the Trump
coalition and Florida voters are
rejecting it which is good choice can
you weigh in both on this race the Gil
of the Santos race in Florida and also
just you know in your life in your role
as part of the law-enforcement community
just speak to the combustion of the
present United States declaring and
announcing that he's a nationalist not
48 hours later this this unsuccessful
massive assassination attempt on
Democratic Party leadership one issue
that prosecutors in the South have to
confront on an ongoing basis something
that I had to deal with in Alabama are
these occasions where law enforcement
usually inverted finds that on a police
force or in a Sheriff's Office there's
some some nationalists some white
supremacists who have managed to make it
past their screening and become police
officers become law enforcement it rips
communities apart when this happens law
enforcement and our political leadership
are meant to serve all of us they're not
meant to serve only the people who
support them who vote for them who elect
them once they're in office they're
there for all of us so to have a
governor in a southern state like
Florida in Ron de Santos who explicitly
goes out and talks about supporting the
Trump nationalist agenda will not help
to move us forward it will continue to
inflame passions and people like
DeSantis who have aligned themselves
with Trump now need to distance
themselves from his rhetoric and say
that they do not support the use of
violence in support of political aims
it's something that should never have to
be said in American society but suddenly
we're in a point in time where people
who are part of the Trump movement need
to say that they don't support violence
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
