Republican cars from Dave Brad is in a
tight reelection race against Democratic
challenger Abigail spammer or a former
CIA officer who will be our next guests
husband brat is in the normally safe
Republican Virginia district which he
won in 2016 by 15 points while Donald
Trump was winning the state of Virginia
by five points now congressman brat
believes he needs Donald Trump's help
today the president tweeted dave has my
total endorsement also today - brat
issued this statement as a Christian we
love the least of these we visit those
in prison as a member of Congress one of
the most moving experiences I have in
this job is talking with recovering men
and women fighting to rebuilding their
lives fighting to rebuilding their lives
that was their choice of words the cars
been issued that statement after a
recording became public of what he said
when he was speaking with prisoners at a
County Jail in Virginia Democratic
candidate
Abigail Stan burger tweeted this it is
absolutely shameful for Dave brat to
compare the hardship of addiction and
the struggles of recovery to his
campaign this is an affront to every
person in recovery and the Virginians
who died daily due to their addiction
Abigail Spann burger is one of many
Democratic women running for Congress
for the first time before I announced my
candidacy for Congress I chose to serve
my country I bled on foreign soil for
people to have the right to vote this is
the first time I've run for office
I have never run for political office
before I started realizing maybe I
should run myself like alright let's go
let's do this and come November 6 I will
continue to serve the people the people
of Michigan Pennsylvania New Jersey I
will continue to serve the people of the
United States of America are you ready
to serve America is now
Abigail's Bamberger the Democratic
nominee for Congress in Virginia's
seventh District and former CIA officer
I wanna get your reaction again to what
Cartman Bret said we heard him telling
people who were in jail and struggling
with their addiction problems that he
has problems too because he's trying to
run for re-election to Congress yeah to
me his comments were just emblematic of
how out of touch he is with the
challenges people across our district
are facing I spend so much time going
across our ten counties talking to
voters listening to the questions that
people ask listening to people's
concerns and very personal personal
stories and the idea that someone in a
position of elected office someone in a
position of power would sit before
people facing incredible challenges like
substance use disorders and and their
own recovery and compare it to an
election experience is just kind of
beyond the pale for me opioid addiction
has hit the country hard it's it's your
hit your district in a serious way
Donald Trump running for president said
he was going to address this he was
going to fix it the problem was going to
go away what has President Trump of what
have you seen in your district that
President Trump and Congressman brat
have done so in our district like so
many districts across the country the
opioid crisis and and substance use
disorders continue to really impact
people across the district it's it's one
of the top issues that people talk about
and and we need to make a lot more
forward movement you know Congress
passed a good bill recently making some
forward progress but there's still a lot
to be done we have the the rates
of death by overdose in our district and
in the state is now it's it is
continuing to rise its surpassed other
causes of premature death and you know
it's it's a it's got to be a focus that
people continue to have and and I think
looking at these comments the the real
issue is that you know when when we are
looking at the challenges facing people
who are struggling with substance use
disorders and and recovery it needs to
be we need to hear their stories and we
need to listen to the challenges that
that people are facing in with substance
use disorders with healthcare related
issues and and really try to find
solutions what is your background as a
former CIA officer bring in terms of in
your view and in terms of an asset to
your possible service in Congress so my
background with CIA is is is one of
service first and foremost I was serving
the mission of helping to keep our
policymakers our president our military
and our diplomats informed about issues
of national security and and in order to
do my job well I needed to spend a lot
of time listening listening to people
asking the right questions seeking to
understand really complicated
interrelated issues and so I think
that's an experience from a values
perspective it's a focus on service to
this country but from a skill set it's a
focus on really truly deeply
understanding complicated issues less
than three weeks now and what is
traditionally a Republican district
you're pulling very close to the
incumbent Republican what is there left
to do what is the closing case for you
to make to your district at this point
it's an issue of turnout we have had
over I think it's a hundred and thirty
seven events meet-and-greet events
across the district we've done forums
we've done policy related events we just
had our first and only debate with my
opponent this past Monday so we've we've
we've done all the right things it's
about turnout at this point we have an
incredible field operation on the ground
we have incredible volunteers over 4,000
volunteers registered with our campaign
just getting people excited making sure
that people know that their voice
matters
their voice counts but their voice their
voice has to be heard and it has to be
heard at the poll so making sure people
know you know where to go to vote and
how to get there and ensuring that they
do what is been your biggest surprise as
a first-time campaigner for me honestly
the the biggest surprise that I've had
is the the level of personal stories the
the depth of real personal experience
that people are willing to share with
candidates with with me because they
hope that my story the story they share
with me will inform decisions and policy
objectives that I that I may pursue
later and the Trust's that people put in
you on the hope that you might someday
be able to help them is really profound
and and very very special Abigail Spann
burger thank you very much for joining
us really appreciate it thank you thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
