funeral services for Rita Franklin the
beloved Queen of Soul set to take place
on August 31st in her hometown of
Detroit the legendary singer died
Thursday of pancreatic cancer
I knew Aretha for many years
her music including the iconic song
respect was part of the soundtrack of
the civil rights movement in my
exclusive interview with the wreath of
four years ago hatched about the impact
of that song now I hear the song respect
I mean it is a universal classical
anyway I've gone in the world people
love that song hey did you have any idea
when you recorded respect that it was
going to be what it was no I really did
not I did not have any idea that the
civil rights movement would have got
that as it's my mantra joining me now
social and cultural commentator Danielle
Moody Mills and Tory is back with me one
of the things Dan yelled that was
interesting is that you know the no
question Aretha Franklin the greatest
female vocalists of all time and and
I'll get to it also a real civil rights
activist people don't know how much
she's supported not only from dr. King
but even today a lot of the things that
we're doing but the irony is that
respect song that a lot of people know
about she did not make a lot of the
money on that because of how publishing
is done and she led she was part of the
fight that artists ought to be paid for
performing not just the writers and
producers Otis Redding had done the song
and his estate gets the money that's
even being played now
because performers are don't get paid
for that and Rita Franklin was part of
those that would raise the issue of
rights of performers but she was such a
strong person who never apologized and
never back down of her rights as a woman
as a black and she made people respect
and I think that authenticity added to
her fan base on a global level yeah
there's no doubt the pathway that Aretha
Franklin
created for women but especially for
black women artists right to be able to
own their sound to own their power I
look now back since you know this week
everywhere there's a tribute and look at
how the Beyonce's the Rihanna's like all
of these people have built their careers
off of the work that she did when you
think about Aretha Franklin you think
about being a black woman born in 1942
you think about having two kids by the
time that you're 14 years old
the genius doesn't begin to describe the
obstacles in the way that she was able
to climb over so many obstacles create
just this iconic platform for black
sound and for black power in a way that
I don't think anyone else could have
done at that time but her and and I knew
up to race I started as a boy preacher
in the Pentecostal church as you know
you wrote about it Playboy magazine ugly
yes and I knew a father who was Co
Franklin who was the preeminent black
minister when I was a little boy and
Rita was little about thirteen years old
at least I looked up to her cause I knew
her as a gospel singer and then this
relationship and civil rights and one of
the things that always struck me in the
music world Aretha was one of the few
that would never leave her base she was
a crossover she could sing classical I
mean the famous story of her the Grammys
at the Grammys a proper show up in seven
hours she got up there
and killed it and nobody could do that
she could do classical music she could
do our beat she could do gospel but she
in her own being remained true to who
she was look I think this is the
greatest singer America has ever
produced not just female singer but I
can't think of anybody America's
produces greater than this and it's
because of the way she's able to make
you feel that's you feel those records
you feel these women who she's singing
about dr. feelgood I remember a
girlfriend in college playing me this
record like this is how I want you to be
and you feel it in your bones I mean the
gospel and blues roots that are deep in
her Mahalia Jackson is one of her
extended mother's right I mean that is
what makes these records really really
come to life other people could have
sang them but you wouldn't have the
voice you wouldn't have the phrasing you
wouldn't have the feeling that would be
that gift you can hear other singers but
you felt and then heard a retail in
Claire ward and and Maggie Jackson she
was that tradition the image of
President Obama crying like the tear
just like coming down his face at the
Kennedy Center because of the power that
washes over you when you would when you
listen to her
I yesterday I'm sitting at work and I'm
listening to you know the soundtracks
and all of these compilations that have
been put together and I'm sitting there
and I'm knocked over there's something
about that which I wanted it came from
her and when she's saying that the
president's inauguration and I talked
about that interview with that ultimate
Sunday morning church yes and and I said
did you think about your father who
marched for this you say I thought about
all of those generations all the way to
you ever now Ted marched for this and
she would call me to a race she said
right now I'm gonna send you something
to help you all out she saw us fight in
this case of that case and she said I'm
was sent to the house so I remember I
saw about three months later she had
sent a check to help National Action
Network and I said you know I framed
that check cuz who gets a check for a
read the fragrant she's a boy you better
put that back
some money in the different account
she's framed the copy of the chick but
she was just like that she was really
there with this bunch of my mother
chagrin I'm not a religious person but
when Aretha talks about getting the
spirit in the dark I can feel it right
and those gospel roots are so much a
part of this and she is the mother of
all these women who were out here today
beyonce alicia mary j blige they are all
her daughter's the way that she does
this thing they learn how to do it from
her let me thank you
Danielle moody mills and of course my
Mantaray tomorrow afternoon I will be in
Harlem with the National Action Network
for special community salute at Harlem
weep honoring Aretha Franklin's life and
legacy coming up next
some personal reflections on the Queen
of Soul
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
