let's start with the midterms if they
were held today who do you think would
win the house I think they're held today
we'd have a tough time holding the house
I really do I think it could be north of
25 maybe 30 seats maybe north of that
there people are projecting the day
could be 45 or 50 seats I believe on by
November 6th we're gonna win this I
think all this takes is people on our
side of the football focusing on what
has to happen this up or down vote and
president Trump you know this is this
election is going to come as a
referendum on him he permeates the
entire political culture and I think
those that are around him are telling
him that hey it's okay to lose the house
you can work with the Democrats and you
can run against a Democratic House in
2020 it's bad advice we have a C for now
and have actually made a film that's
very much focused on getting out the
Trump the Trump based a deplorable 's
plus the blue-collar democrats i think
this the opposition party media and the
democrats did succeed in one thing i
think they did get a do-over to 2016 and
i think this is his first real life you
have a new group is that because you
think Republicans are on pace to lose
and they need your help I think look our
group is principally to do the
undergirding of president Trump's
populism and economic national
nationalism message we're trying to have
one site that kind of provides
information we also think we can augment
and help grassroots groups I mean the
RNC's got the what they do the super PAC
for president Trump what they do the
campaign we're totally independent and
what we're trying to do is idea
generation messaging around that and
then kind of action helping to
coordinate grassroots you know I'm a big
believer as people on the Democratic
Left are that grassroots are really
where the power is and so we're that's
what we're trying to focus that you are
gonna save the trump presidency in these
midterms does he know that he needs you
to save him well I don't think I don't
think that quote was we're going to save
them what we're trying to do is actually
get this message focused the message is
about President Trump it's about a
referendum on President Trump to me it's
an up or down vote I think that
Democrats and particularly the
grassroots Democrats are running as an
impeachment campaign I think our side
has to understand that you just can't
run on tax cuts you have to run on the
entire package of the trump president
I think impeachments on the ballot in
November why absolutely because number
one Tom Steyer in the grassroots of the
Democratic Party have put it on the
ballot and so as Nancy Pelosi right now
are when they say they're not talking
about impeachment because they've looked
at the crosstabs in the polling and they
understand what we put in Pietschmann on
the ballot that it is a way to get all
of the deployables out even if the
congressman in your district is a rhino
that you have to come out to support
President Trump look people on the
Democratic Left you saw grassroots
Netroots nation a couple weeks ago there
people in these districts in July in
90-degree heat going door-to-door the
reason that going door-to-door is
they're talking about the impeachment of
President Trump and so all we're saying
is that hey it's already on the ballot
let's do it mm-hmm your new group is
citizens the American Republic and say
we're at war what does that really mean
well the film says trumpet war I mean
the film is about Trump you know Trump's
at war against the permanent political
class as your film yeah the film is my
film it's a film called trumpet war and
it shows you that Trump is against is at
war with the the permanent political
class the opposition party media and
basically he's at economic war with
China and so I think that when you look
at this film you see that President
Trump is a disrupter in an innovator and
you see that he is kind of kind of
delivering on the promises he put
forward to the American people that he's
not into just managing the decline of
the country but he's going to try to
turn the country around us so that's
what the film is I think I think it's a
film that is focused on getting our base
jacked up and our base out because if we
don't get our base out on November 6
we're gonna have a very bad day at the
polls and so it's very important that
the Trump voter and the invisible Trump
voter show up that like a presidential
year it's very important what do you say
to Republicans who say why should they
take your help if you haven't backed
winning candidates in the special
elections thus far well I think I think
I did back winning candidates in the
primary you know the Republican
establishment in Alabama a roy more
specifically I mean Roy Moore would have
won that election if Mitch McConnell and
she'll be in these other's head and
turned against him and so I think we've
got a very good feel for how to to how
to win a very good feel how to turn
people out you know then I've been
irrelevant
I've been very involved in this since
the Tea Party you know the Tea Party
election in 2010 so I think we have a
very good idea of how to make these
films I had to get people out you bring
up really more how can you blame
Republicans in Washington for what
happened out in Alabama didn't devote
make up their mind
well the Shelby came out on Sunday
morning on national TV and said I'm not
voting for more and more I'm doing it
right in you know McConnell was the guy
it it's the Republican establishment
that dumped all this stuff to the
Washington Post that turned against him
when their candidate got smoked in the
primary so there's a Republican
establishment that said from day one
we're never gone we're now going to
support Rory more they were already
meeting to unseat Rory more and not to
seat him if he'd even won so that was
the Republican establishment turning
against and they were sending a signal
they would rather even lose control the
Senate then to allow disruptors in there
how much money does your group have
we've raised you know quite a bit of
money I mean we've made a pretty
impressive film we're going to release
the film we've got a 25-person staff we
run a war room every day we do talking
points we can message million dollars
over five million dollars over ten
million dollars I don't want to get put
a specific name on number one is it fair
to say you have right now between five
and ten million dollars I think it's
fair to say that we've got enough
resources and even more resources
pouring in from from donors and we're
eventually going to start a small donor
program I've never by the way I've never
had a problem getting resources you know
whether it was with Breitbart or doing
other things I've always had because I'm
always you're also very rich and you
know a lot of rich people I've had I've
had a pretty good run and I do know some
high net worth individuals who is
funding this group why is it's private
donors just private donors just like in
the Democratic Party and these some of
those groups it's it's private donors
why not tell people who they are well
because I think that donors want to be
private it's it's the law and and and
they got full right to do that if they
want to come to go public or private if
they want if they want to come forward
if donors want to come forward they
can't come forward does it include Wall
Street people finance people hedge
definitely includes hedge fund people
yes I think you I think you would say
there's clue we are very much focused on
where the China Hawk you know see for
you know I'm very upfront about I think
what the situation is with China and I
would tend to think that there are
people that back this that our China
Hawks so for
it may be ideology for them they want to
make money off what comes out of these
election because of their positions no
no no I think it's because of their
patriotism do they how I don't think
it's enough money in this no that's mine
outcome no in terms of their positions
and that they can benefit from no no no
is there anyone you would rather it's
really it's really I think more about
what they think the direction of the
country is is there anyone you would not
take money from well I would not take
money from foreigners right and there's
certain people and I'm pretty selective
about you know who I take money from
I've always had good partners always had
partners have been pretty happy so I'm
pretty selective about who I take money
from but I've never had I've never had a
problem raising money I think you've
seen particularly in Wall Street and
others you see a lot of people have come
from hardscrabble backgrounds or
blue-collar backgrounds that see the
that like this populism that like
economic nationalism that kind of like
the Trump the Trump program that are
pretty supportive but your critics say
that you talk a lot of smack about Wall
Street but then you're funded by Wall
Street your new group you're admitting
is funded by certain individuals you
just told me it includes finance ears
and includes people with a position in
China is what you just said people that
understand our position in China the
people that understand that working out
of the China Hawks I didn't say they had
a position in China why should you
understand that was how do you take on
Wall Street if you're funded by Wall
Street well by the way
individuals and Wall feet some of the
biggest guys on some of the biggest guys
on Wall Street are kite quite anti the
antics of all fruits been up to I came
out of Wall Street I was at Goldman
Sachs you kind of know what the game is
just because just because you've made
some money on Wall Street adjustably
cigars you're currently in a hedge fund
doesn't mean you don't know what the the
practices of Wall Street are I think
some of the in effect I think it's a
it's been a great way for some people
that are blue-collar have come from
blue-collar backgrounds to actually get
to get ahead last question on this
because you know the concern about money
in politics runs across the spectrum
will you today encourage publicly your
donors to come forward because people do
want to know who's involved in these
elections across the spectrum it's there
it's like it's a it's their choice if
they want to come forward they can come
forward not I mean we talk about dad
telling me hey if you want to come
forward and say who you are come forward
it's look it's not it's not a huge
amount of money for them if they want to
come forward come forward but I think
that if you look at it where the money
in politics comes from is the control of
both political parties by
The Wall Street fashion both the big
donor class in the Republican Party and
then the wall street fashion that backs
the Clintons and backs the centrist in
the Democratic Party you're back in the
mix partly because of this effort let me
read to you what Axios reports some of
the White House aides are saying quote
there is animus towards Bannon and
regarding his latest effort when Matt
band's name is mentioned to White House
officials they still quote roll their
eyes your response I think that's fine I
look at the you got to judge the White
House on its on its results I'll judge
myself and my results I have no problem
with that at all
what's your current relationship with
presidential you can see it every day on
in TV I mean is exactly what people
report you know president Trump's doing
his thing I'm doing my thing remember I
didn't really know President Trump that
well before I stepped in took in a CEO
of the campaign when's the last time you
spoke a couple months ago how do you get
messages to him other than directly
talking I think you get message the
president Trump they're talking to the
staff I seen you on TV
looking what you're doing seeing the
film I understand he saw I made a short
film on Afghanistan somebody told me he
he saw that did it in conjunction with
Eric Prince somebody said he saw that
sorry it's it's look President Trump
people talked about who talks to him who
gets to him who does what all president
Trump's got to do is listen to himself I
mean he's got a very definitive set of
beliefs that he's acted on and I think
they've been terrific and so he doesn't
need Steve Bannon in his ear he doesn't
need all the stuff about all the stuff
that was a Svengali and all that it's
all this all nonsense made up by the
opposition party me we're not gonna go
through all of it but he said a lot
about you when you had a public parting
do you think he still believes those
things about you I don't I don't know no
I don't care look I come from Irish
Catholic family with a couple of
brothers so I have been in a I've been
in a situation when people call people
names all the time it doesn't it doesn't
affect me I think President Trump has
done a terrific job and I think he sees
that my Gripen we got a bunch of ex
people on the campaign people have been
around a long time people been around
the Trump movement a long time I think
he's I think he sees this I think he
would view this as being very supportive
did you sign an NDA regarding your
campaign experience or your White House
experience I think everybody signed up
NDA did you yes I think everybody had to
sign that yet so does your NDA limit
what you're willing or able to say about
the president right now I know it
doesn't at least in my interpretation
and do you have any funds that come to
you pursuant to any NDA you've gotten
with the president or the campaign or
what do you mean by that are you paid
pursuant to an NDA contract or a
separation agreement are you receiving
money in exchange for the terms of the
NDA no an NDA is just a non-disclosure
agreement I don't think it's I don't
think it's a something you get paid for
well often there has to be some if you
were to if you were to break with NBC
and they wanted you had a two-year
payout you would have a non-disclosure
agreement during that time so that you
couldn't badmouth NBC in that time the
White House doesn't work the White House
doesn't work like that your time at the
White House is controversial you know
that what do you I think it depends on
who you're talking to I think you talk
to I think you've talked to the populace
it was quite it was quite a non come
time you're talking to you because we
want to get your perspective what do you
see is your accomplishments when you
were in the White House well I think one
of the accomplishment was kind of help
remember President Trump the central
part of the campaign was about manage
decline you know President Trump went in
there said hey we're just not going to
do things the old way we're just not I'm
just not there to see the decline of the
country whether it's in North Korea in
China on you know in Iran in the Persian
Gulf with the financing of radical
Islamic terrorism so I think one of the
biggest things was just to sit there and
support and I had the white board just
to sit there and just go through the
campaign promise accomplishments were
well I think the accomplishers were to
kind of set the framework for what the
Trump you know the Trump agenda was and
just kind of prioritize it if you look a
year and a half later to me he's doing
everything on the campaign trail that he
that he said he was going to do right
he's going down one thing after the
other and doing it and so I think it's I
think it's been quite positive and I
think my time at the White House was
kind of set the framework for that said
the context of that the main piece of
economic legislation that has been
passed in the Trump administration is
the tax bill most of those benefits go
to the very wealthy
is that a mistake no no hang over a
second the tax bill the central part of
the tax bill was also the corporate tax
bill was to make sure that we were
competitive with Germany and China and
if you look at manufacturing jobs coming
back here it's part and parcel of this
of the situation we're in with the
tariffs the economic package in the tax
package that was the central part of it
so you look at manufacturing jobs and
I know I'm not policies that's not 99%
of the been of not globally talk not one
not globally I'm talking about what
happened here what happened here in
manufacturing jobs coming back that's
why you've got that's what you've got
such economic growth in the country one
of the reasons is the tax is the tax
bill now I wasn't totally I didn't
actually love some of the things on the
on the on the personal income tax
remember in Wolfson Wall Street Journal
reported in the Oval Office I fought for
a 44% tax for people making over five
million dollars I lost that fight but
it's not that that can't be redressed
sometime in the future when you see 83
percent going to the top one percent is
that too much I think what's important
is what's happening with corporate
America is that corporate America is
becoming more competitive and we're
repatriating three trillion dollars of
cash to come back here investor United
States I think this about manufacturing
jobs and I think if you look at
president Trump's overall economic
agenda it's working it's working for
it's working for middle-class and
working-class people about one more tax
thing and then I want to hit some other
policy you talk about populism yes
the president went to Marlo go where
membership is $200,000 and told people
the tax bill meant quote you all just
got a lot richer is that your populism
look I think populism when you look at
President Trump as an entire program
okay this this tax cut was focused on
industrial tax cut and a repatriation of
cash it was to make the manufacturing
side of this country stronger we had 100
percent you know right off of capital
expenditure and period zero this was all
about building rebuilding the
manufacturing base and that is the type
of pipe ilysm I'm talking about am I
totally excited about every aspect of
the of the tax bill not not that excited
you remember I was a big supporter of
paul ryan's border addressable tax and
that didn't go anywhere so we went to
plan B so and do I think this can get
better over time absolutely but I think
given the context and given the
situation this is a very strong tax bill
and look at the look at the economic
growth I just want to quote so I brought
a heuristic device a paper that's not a
fan of president Trump's at the
Financial Times of London today
Walmart bask in US economic glow and
this and Mahler
a proxy for the working class because
when Walmart's good the working class in
the middle class in this country doing
what I just want to quote the CEO for a
second customers tell us that they feel
better about the current health of the
US economy as well as their personal
finances they're more confident about
their employment opportunities and
that's a CEO of Walmart and Walmart's
known as you know Ari on Wall Street as
being a proxy for how the working-class
and middle-class is doing so you bring
it up Walmart it's a big company it
employs a lot of people and a lot of
people get your cheap products there but
you know the labor conditions at Walmart
are significantly under strain by the
way by you know I'm not I'm not a huge
proponent of how they treat their
employees what I'm saying is they're
talking about the results and what
they're talking about is the overall
economy that tax cut okay that tax plan
the tax reorganization was a central
part of that along with tariffs and
other things the president is focused on
rebuilding the manufacturing base of
this country in that and bringing jobs
back from China that is populism let me
read you something you said after the
2016 election victory the Conservatives
are going to go crazy I'm the guy
pushing a trillion dollar infrastructure
plan the greatest opportunity to rebuild
everything shipyards ironworks it will
be as exciting as the 1930s greater than
the Reagan Revolution you didn't get
that done at the White House why not
well because I think we triage that
we're going to do health care first the
tax cut second in infrastructure third
and obviously we had a lot of trouble
with with health care right and by the
way we tied ourselves to the Republican
establishment because that was kind of
the unity we had to win the Republican
establishment was going to do health
care we also worked together initially
with Paul Ryan and his border adjustable
tax which didn't go anywhere we then
kind of went to plan B which is the tax
bill that you saw the third was going to
be infrastructure I'm a huge proponent
that we ought to move forward with a
with the infrastructure part and I would
hope I would hope that President Trump
and I think you'll see it that come
after the victory in November this year
in 2019 you'll start to see the movement
into infrastructure how does Donald
Trump run for reelection 2020 without
ever having done anything on
infrastructure well first off you got
the economy growing at 4% I mean right
now you've got a no no I think an
appropriate time we got to come back
with an infrastructure plant we got to
figure out how to pay for it now that
we've got a four point
three trillion dollar appropriations
bill we do we have trillion-dollar
deficits you know going forward I think
until we start paying off those deficits
we're going to figure out how to do
infrastructure but there's no doubt with
the growth of the economy the economic
growth that I think President Trump will
be very well situated and I'd strongly
believe that what he's going to do is
pivot to infrastructure remember
infrastructure has always been at the
top one of his top until after the real
lecture say well after the reelect of 20
that this reelect here in November here
yes yes let me read you more going to me
this is a reluctance so in nineteen I
think I think will be one of the driving
forces of what he doesn't I'm gonna read
you more about it okay yes sir quo
twenty love here in Benin 2016 sir not
one criminal charge has ever been
brought to any bank executive associated
with the 2008 crisis you said that then
then you got in office why hasn't that
happened under the Trump administration
and what should be done about that I
think it look we're in the tenth year
anniversary this September's the tenth
year anniversary of the financial crisis
Donald Trump as I said at New York
magazine last week is that the fuse was
lit in 2008 and Donald Trump was the
explosion he's the result of the
financial crisis it was during the Obama
administration under under Eric Holder
that all the criminal referrals went to
and the Justice Department didn't do
anything with them you know he's a
Covington and Burleigh you know
white-collar criminal lawyer I think
it's outrageous I think the Justice
Department should be I think we ought to
rip I think on the tech the lack of
action by the Trump Justice Department
is outrageous now I just had their no no
any was an i but now you can probably
hang on hang on I am very upset about
Obama in all those years when nothing
was done right but I think nobody well I
probably I think senator sessions what I
would hope would happen okay and
particularly on the tenth your
anniversary is we start to review some
of that and I think people ought to be
held accountable no one's been held
accountable for the financial crisis and
here we are ten years ten years
afterwards and we still have no
accountability I don't think any real
explanation of what went on so you were
applying that to both administrations
than two sessions as well absolutely you
mentioned that you think impeachments
driving Democrats what else is driving
Democratic turnout in your view in 2018
I think it's I think it's stopping the
Trump program I think president I think
President Trump has triggered certain
elements of the day what about 72
movement
well if you look at if you look at the
three movements I think are most
innovated I don't think it's the me - I
call it the times up I think that times
up movement is much senior me - is about
sexual harassment I think times up is a
much more what I call primal that's
really about the power dynamics in
society what are the times that mean to
you what times up means to me is that
the end of the patriarchy that's times
up in the end of the patriarchy and what
they wanted to have is a fundamental
shift in the power dynamics in society
and so I think you have the times up
movement you have what I call the
resistance and then I think you have Tom
Stiers impeach the president I think
those three elements are kind of the the
the enthusiasm on the job so you say
challenge the patriarchy given the
history of gender relations in this
country and around the world and the
desire for gender equality isn't that a
good thing to revise the patriarchy as
you put it my oldest daughter is a West
Point graduate that served with a
hundred and first error and the mantle
right there sitting on the throne of
Sudan Saddam Hussein in her uniform with
the hundred first airborne now I'm a
huge believer in equality right and in
my daughters I think are living proof of
that and the rest of my family so know
I'm a huge believer in that I think
there's some just evolved I think in the
times up movement as a subset of that
some of the things have gone as sexual
harassment particularly in the media
companies that have not been vetted with
the executives is something that really
needs to be done and so yeah I think I'm
not a hundred percent with the times up
movement but I can see it's a very
powerful political force I was the one
that said I think something like Oprah
Winfrey will come out of that movement
it could be actually a win the
Democratic nomination I can't quite tell
if you're saying it's a good thing
bottom line is it constructive I think
is constructive to always review things
like this I think some of the radical
nosov the is not a positive thing but I
think that it's always good to question
your assumptions so I think that some of
the things are coming out of it
particularly what we found out in some
of these companies that things went on I
think is quite positive there are people
who would observe that the way you talk
about your daughter and what you just
said about gender relations is very
different from the way Donald Trump
talks the times that by a gender gap now
that as you know is 20 points in
negative views of the President
this Authority let me finish the
question you give your time sure is this
party walking away from women voters or
college-educated women vote well first
of you know we won
what white women fifty two forty eight
over Hillary Clinton the first female
nominee in history I think we won white
working-class woman something like 69 or
70 percent seventy thirty and so Donald
Trump does resonate with that I realized
they responded that I'll give you more
time okay fine the gender gap in 2016
was the at eleven points was the largest
in twenty years right go ahead yeah yeah
no but I think a lot of that was also
minority women right and Donald Trump
you know I think we what we won eight
percent of overall african-american
voters but I think we had a very big
turnout in african-american women but
I'm saying but there was never quite
there was a question I'll give you time
the question is is Donald Trump walking
away and walk down the GOP ways
definitely news women definitely not
walk away look at look at Ivanka I think
Ivanka has been very engaged in women's
issues she's talking about you know job
training and all these other things I
think she's very engaged I think you see
the way that Donald Trump has a terrific
relationship with his daughter show and
his wife shows that you know what he
what he thinks about this I think a lot
of things that people jump on some of
the some of the tweets are they jumped
on some of the things that they
allegedly happened during the campaign
right or if the women that came out
during the campaign to try to stop it as
we as we push through that let's go to
Billy Bush weekend me Billy Bush weekend
everybody said he should resign there's
some of the Republican establishment
says you should resign people walked
away from the campaign and what he did
is he presented the facts of the locker
room talk and then we went to st. Louis
the next night and I brought the the
people that Bill Clinton had actually
had actually molested and and I think
that the American people weighed and
measured that and voted in November and
you you brought adult women who were
accusers of Bill Clinton and you said
they should be heard yes and the
response from any people is what about
the accusers of Donald Trump should they
be heard he threatened to sue them and
suggested that would resolve it he never
sued them he's facing suits from them
and Roy Moore who you backed of course
faced his own accusers including
multiple women who say he preyed on the
hon if you're bringing in you brought it
up you brought it up not if I'm what
about
those accused by the way if they want to
come forward they should come forward if
they want to come forward they should
come forward there are comes someone
were coming forward in the court system
right now so they want to come forward
there's not shy about going after Donald
Trump but back to your question Donald
Trump hasn't abandoned women he has not
abandoned women at all I think that I
think if you look at the economy if you
look what he's doing across the board
that they're they're the beneficiaries
of this and I think Donald Trump's going
to play very well but you with those
accusers yep what do you say to people
who see your backing of Roy Moore who is
accused of legally worse things Steve I
will finish the question I will give you
your response time yes sir
what do you say to people who say to you
is the only standard here partisanship
and whether you like the candidate if
you're not giving Roy mores accusers the
same time well we're more superiors had
time during the campaign they're going
to have additional time they came
forward they had the Washington Post
they had the biggest platforms in media
were more was buried by that you can't
sit there and you can't sit there
reasonably as do they not have adequate
representation they not have a platform
they had the biggest media platforms in
the country the boys are getting the
most used to be the question gets to be
how legitimate were those they ever they
ever turn out to be something and that's
going to be adjudicated ever shake your
view did you ever say maybe I shouldn't
be like this personally not given what
these women are absolutely not when we
look like that what because we looked at
the allegations I don't believe I don't
believe them didn't I did not believe
him then I do not believe them today if
they get adjudicated over top maybe I
changed my mind but from the facts that
I saw then and the facts I see now
absolutely not
I want to ask you about your of your
time in the White House but anything
else that you want to say on this topic
I don't want to cut you off I just think
if you look at it I think President
Trump look a lot of people you got to
separate this signal from the noise a
lot of people get hooked up on the
Twitter account and hooked up on what I
think is kind of all marginalia if you
look at what he's doing which is really
saying hey I'm rejecting the decline of
the country and whether that's in this
economic war the China or whether it's
reordering the American economy and
really getting jobs for working-class
people that's where I think we talk
about gender I think he's going to have
very strong representation among women
that's one of the reasons I'm telling
people hey let's get out there and get
the Trump coalition that one in 2016 if
we get that coalition which
included women we're gonna win it we're
going to be fine bottom line and a lot
of people disagree vehemently with your
view of it but bottom line you're saying
that what was a historic 11 point gap
that currently is 20 with Trump and
women you think somehow it will close I
think somehow we can definitely close up
from 20 absolutely do we get it to the
11 I don't know but I think you enclose
it from 20 and I think more importantly
we can close it in those districts that
we have to win to hold the house there's
no doubt about that
turning to your time in the White House
yes right you had a front row seat that
many people would be very interested in
I want to start with a very basic
question when did you first hear about a
proposal to fire James Comey well it was
it's been publicly talked about you know
the in the in the week before right and
the weekend before Bedminster the week
before it happened that's what I was
starting to be discussed I mean I think
it's been pretty well vetted in the
press I was not a fan of that I thought
the Comey investigation was the reason I
wasn't a fan as I said the Comey
investigation is going nowhere it's
going to start to Peter out actually
used a rival of yours you know Anderson
Cooper I said it's on the C block at
anus and Cooper there's no more juice in
this thing and it'll just plant over
time and let's just tell that well I
talked to the president I mean it's been
that's been pretty well reported that
was not I was not a fan of the firing of
coming and then as you mentioned they go
to the Bedminster Golf Club and there
started to be an effort by staff to
write a letter about the reasons to fire
Club I don't know because I look it's
one of the reasons I'd left the White
House I came on the campaign in August
of 16 and I'd always said one year I was
gonna leave in August of 17 I told
Maggie Haberman of the of the New York
Times for early I'm just I'm just you
know all I was in the White House was a
staffer that was a senior staffer but I
was a staffer you know you can't run
your own operation you report to the
president I states chief of staff you
were a White House adviser to the
president with walk-in privileges no
that was but you know what that is you
can give your advice to the President
and you're one of a number of voices and
he accepts that doesn't so when when
when I basically laid out the facts of
what I thought the Comey situation was
if they if people decide to go in a
different direction then it's not it's
not my thing I'm not there to try to try
to fight things to the very end so you
advise against it walk us through the
day
he was fired the day's fired I see it on
TV like everybody else I mean I'm
sitting in the chief of staff's office
I'm working on something for rights that
needs to be done I see it up on TV and
what did you think I thought as I said I
thought it was a big mistake and I
thought it would lead to a special
counsel I mean I was pretty I think
everything I said the time basically
worked itself out there was going to
lead to a special case I think if the
Comey investigation had been allowed to
continue would have taken up another
couple of months in a wrapped up do you
think at that time the day Comey was
fired that Donald Trump or Mike Pence
understood this could become evidence in
an obstruction case I don't think we're
suppressing had forward at full
authority to fire company other than a
doubt about that I disagree with it we
had absolutely full authority he never
said probably when he when he when he
fired call me he didn't say to the guys
at the FBI to shut down the
investigation investigation was still
continuing on remember the the
investigation is not really run by
combing it was didn't want any run by
McCabe there are other people there
running it the report up the McCabe into
Comey so he didn't sit there and go hey
oh by the way shut up Ryan Comey and
shut down the investigation so I don't
know why they were ever think that the
investigation was going to continue on
well when I think if that if that's a if
that is what the mole was working on is
one of the obstruction things I think
it's a pretty thin read totally no we're
not in court but I brought a little bit
of evidence okay you're familiar with
okay the president is you know yeah
linked his own criminal exposure and
liability to the firing of Comey in that
letter you advised him not to do the
firing didn't that make it more likely
that there would be a special counsel I
don't know I don't know if that made it
but I thought that if you fired the head
of the FBI that it would lead to special
counsel just I advise that I don't know
if that if that if that the signing of
that brought about are lead to a special
counsel I said that that's why I thought
the firing Comey was stupid like I said
the FBI investigation I thought was
starting to I believe start to wind down
it lost any kind of real juice even in
the most the most vitriolic of network
CNN and I thought it just should play
out and also there's no Russian
collusion so let's just yeah just you
know cooperate and do what you got to do
so there you are working the White House
this firing occurs when is the first
time during your White
service that you ever talked to Bob
Muller well Bob molar came in you know
in gave advice or was interviewed has
been publicly reported for FBI director
and you know Bob molar I was sitting in
a kind of the outer office and molar
actually walks up to me and I've never
made before my life I'm standing
actually back a who picks at her
computer terminal and we're talking
about something he walks up and says he
just shook hands said Steve I can't
believe you know molars a Marine
he says Steve I can't believe somebody
in the senior naval service allowed his
daughter to matriculate at at West Point
and I just laughed I told somebody
laters pre third guy to know that that's
the first time I ever met him what was
he trying to say to you I think he was
just trying to say I think he was trying
to you know just introduce himself at
that time it was he was actually there
to give advice on the type of person
that we should select to be FBI director
so it was pretty fascinating yours there
working in the White House right after
Tommy's five right Bob Miller walks and
says this to you and then he what goes
into the Oval yeah then it's been
reported he was you know they reached
out to him vice president pence the
president to talk about the attributes
that one would look for in a in an FBI
director and that's that's the last time
him and Donald Trump have spoken face to
face I have no idea that you thought you
refer to public reporting that's a
teller understanding and the White House
doesn't claim otherwise did you hear
anything about their conversation no I
was not part of that that was that was I
think it was the Attorney General and I
think it was vice president pence and
the President had a meeting and I didn't
need to be a part of that was Deputy
Attorney General Rosen Stein there that
day I don't know don't remember did that
then precipitate any of the discussions
about Muller becoming Special Counsel
which was a Rosenstein decision I don't
know that that was something that White
House Counsel would know I only try to
involve myself in things that that are
in my bailiwick that was not my daily
work I was part of the overall team
though that reviewed with Senator
sessions at the time the people that he
was going to select to be in the singer
of the senior leadership of the attorney
general's office
Rosen Steiner was one of those and I've
been pretty adamant about Rosenstein
about these failure of the
no effectuating the subpoenas on Capitol
Hill and I have said you know vocally
just like I said I thought the president
should fire Ty Cobb and John and John
down because I thought they were doing a
terrible job representing him as Isis
counsel and his White House Counsel
I thought Rosenstein should have 72
hours I've been adamant about this I
think president Trump bought a direct
Rosenstein to to fully effectuate all
the subpoenas on the hill dealing with
crossfire hurricane that all that
material should be turned over to the
appropriate committees and if he doesn't
do it in 48 or 72 hours given some
amount of time I think you're a fire
Rosenstein and it's not for obstruction
I think it's for transparency the
administration should turn those things
over to the appropriate committees on
the hill did you ever hear Donald Trump
talked about wanting to fire sessions
Rosenstein or Muller well first of I
can't go under all this stuff because
it's still an open investigation and I
am a witness of fact in a number of
these but I would just check reporting
on that but I think all of this stuff I
think I think all the obstruction
stuffed at least I've read about in the
paper okay are all pretty thin reads to
hold on to think think things like the
firing a Comey whatever happened on Air
Force One or all the situations with
sessions are pretty thin reads you say
you're a witness of fact yep which is a
good thing for you I think so you
haven't been advised it you were
something worse than their eyes where
you were witness of fact to the
investigation regarding obstruction or
collusion or both I think what witness a
fact for all of it I think I'm a witness
a fact for all of it I mean they caught
you up there it's not they don't really
kind of bifurcate they kind of go to the
whole thing and of course I've been to
Capitol Hill right a couple of times so
you know I'm a witness of fact up there
also how many days did you talk to
Miller's investigator I don't go into
the details but I had a very thorough
session right he didn't it was over
several days I'd only be specific about
how many buds I respected on the details
and you know I get that on the other
hand some witnesses have spoken out and
some of them even work with you and it's
fascinating when we can learn something
that's part of our jobs what else can
you tell us about what you walked away
from at a broad level did you feel they
were professional did you feel it was a
witch hunt what did you know listen I I
do think that they're elements of this
particularly as things are leaked that
it looks like it's a witch hunt I think
what's most disturbing is that I did I
hang out the IG report that came out
about
Strock and some of the stuff at the FBI
it's clearly causing the question about
this entire thing and particularly the
crossfire hurricane which is the second
part of it about the you know the
oversight of this investigation into the
Trump campaign and led into the you know
the the transition and the Trump
administration everything that was done
that I engage with with Bob Mullen and
I've said from day one bob was a patriot
is a combat marine I've got a lot of
respect for him personally and I think
that his investigation ought to play out
and I think you ought to do a report
I've also advocated I think it's very
important for Bob mola to do the report
and to put it out before the November
elections and so no but everything in my
relationship with them has been very
professional it's that will tell people
it's quite thorough right but it's quite
thorough but I don't say it's a
proctology yeah but it's quite thorough
but I think it's very professional now I
there's certain aspects that I've seen
in the press particularly about some of
the FBI and and CIA and others that I
think calling the question this entire
thing I think you could argue that's a
witch-hunt and I think the American
people are starting to come this way so
that's why I think it's let me this is
what I think four hooves but hooves
Moeller is to get the report done and
let's get it out and let people decide
what I hear you saying is your personal
experience in that questioning and
dealing with Bob Miller is that you were
not treated in a way that made you think
it was a witch-hunt but your
observations of other public information
Peter struck the IG report gives you
that concern yes
coppy is jeff Sessions a real attorney
general look Jeff Sessions is really the
father of kind of this populist movement
right he's a great populist I've been
very close in fact in this very space
right over there is in 2013 sessions and
Steven mill and I sat down and kind of
plotted out what we thought would be the
2016 the Republican primary how we're
going to make trade from number 100 to
the number two issue and make
immigration like the number one issue
some very close to Senator sessions I
think he's done a terrific job in some
areas particularly in immigration in
other areas I am one of the people that
are very disappointed about how he's
comport himself in other areas
particularly this thing with the the
subpoenas in crossfire hurricane I think
that these things ought to be a
she waited I'm also coming to look and
be people that that drove a Clinton cash
was you know it was my organization at
the time that came out with the book and
then came out with a movie later I think
that the Clintons I think the Clinton is
a particularly uranium one and other
aspects of it should it be investigated
so I think I think senator sessions in
that regard has been has been very
missed now I though a totally agree I
think it was appropriate and I know
there many people disagree with me
including the president that he should
have recused himself from any direct
involvement in this investigation in
fact I think to my belief Rudy Giuliani
chris Christie and Jeff Sessions those
three who were quite prominent on the
campaign all of them would have had to
recuse himself even for grant sleaze
committee kind of vote I was I think was
right not and I think was practical I'm
not so sure senator Grassley's committee
would have even voted him out to go to
the floor for a full vote as attorney
general if they had not recuse
themselves for aspects of the
investigation sorry I think they're
aspects of the Justice Department I
think the senator sessions had been a
big letdown and I'm a light down but
he's Donald Trump wrong to continually
attack him and say he's not I think it's
the president's president selected him
he's the Attorney General that the
president selected that's the president
spraga t'v but I don't totally agree but
that's the president's part if I can
stand given everything else the
president's got going on in the Middle
East with Korea I can understand how
this gets under his skin sometimes and
it's been a big you know it's been a big
issue for of him from the beginning I
think Senator sessions could have done a
much better job in certain areas I'm
very disappointed in sessions in
Rosenstein about failing to to put
forward what the information they want
in these subpoenas and I agree with
David Rifkin
I think of Baker hot stellar he wrote
this big piece in The Wall Street
Journal a couple of months ago called
the fruits of the poisonous tree I mean
he actually argued when the crossfire
hurricane subpoenas are effectuating we
see that information you almost have to
adjudicate that before you continue on
with parts of the Moller investigation
so I think that this whole thing has got
to be really drilled down on it I think
sessions in that regard has done it done
a very poor job and I'm as I think of
one of his biggest advocates when you
said the Trump Tower meeting with the
Russians was treasonous and you said you
meant Paul Manafort
yeah what about it made it treason
you I just didn't look I think for a
professional like Paul Manafort I don't
think you ever have you know forget it
just you know people from other
countries Russians or whatever come in
and try to get opposition research is
there's enough for opposition research
out there look Clinton cash to me did
all the opposition research you had to
do you just had to get down there and
drill down on it and as we did when I
took over the campaign on that Monday or
when I was CEO of the campaign with
Kelly Anna's campaign manager on that
Monday the first day we kind of took
over we put out a I think a statement
from then candidate Trump it was about
Paul Manafort when Manafort was I think
getting ready to resign and we've
referenced Clinton cash and her
corruption in Clinton cash so you're by
your standard it's that knowledge of the
foreign offer of help well no I don't
know the foreign offer help I think it's
even just trying to do something like
that I think is trying to do something
like that
so if Donald Trump knew about that then
he was in on treasonous behavior in your
standard no and I'm it's hasn't been
proven that he knew anything about it we
don't know anything know anything about
it he's not he's denied nor anything you
said that zero chance Don junior didn't
tell him and Michael Cohen reportedly
says Trump knew about it well you have
to take Michael Khan for Michael Cohen
right you're just kind of to take you
know you don't know what Michael Cohen's
doing with federal authorities what
deals he's cutting what he's trying to
do with if art if a camera knows about
that in advance then are they part of
treasonous behavior by your standard I
think if you have to call into question
if somebody's actually out there trying
to get information from foreign parties
you have to you have to question that
yeah so if Muller could prove that about
Donald Trump that would concern you
it would it would definitely concern me
yes but the president's been pretty
adamant that he didn't know about it and
hasn't heard about it
Charlottesville yep
was the president wrong to say there was
blame on both sides no he's absolutely
correct listen the whole discussion what
the president was saying and go back and
look at those statements he made if you
look at it what he's saying is that the
the discussion about the Confederate
monuments where the Confederate
monuments should be covered whether the
Confederate monuments should be removed
or where the Confederate monuments of
these generals are part of southern
heritage there are people on both sides
and that's a First Amendment right to
debate that in two
Marcin then to protest that and that's
what he's trying to set you said well
Utah said let's take away hang on and if
you said he says where is it all in if
you talk about the neo-nazis and the neo
Confederates and the KKK and and Tifa I
think the president has been adamant in
saying that though both of those parties
are wrong
both those party shouldn't be allowed to
come there and start to cause havoc and
that authorities ought to shut that down
the president I think was very what the
president said let's go to the words
quote I think there's blame on both
sides you had a group on one side that
was bad and you had a group on the other
side that was also very violent nobody
wants to say it but I will say it right
now it was the organizers of the rally
that talked about anti-black prejudice
that chanted anti-semitic slogans and
there's as you know a second-degree
murder charge
for Heather for the Heather hires death
he's right and absolutely adamant about
this I'm saying when you talk about the
Confederate monuments and you talk about
whether they should stay or not or be
covered or not the president saying
there's good people on both sides okay
when you talk about the people that come
there for violence he's condemned those
people he condemned the New York
Confederates he condemned the neo-nazis
you condemn the KKK he also condemned an
T fo and if you look at Cuomo the other
night the problem with the left no
problem with the mainstream media you
give antifa a complete free pass they
are just as violent as the New York
Confederates are just as violent as the
as these KKK guys and they have to be
condemned and that's what you've seen
the Von's come from I've actually
advocated even a situation like
Charlottesville they don't to me they
shouldn't have the right to kind of
March because they come looking for a
fight they come and to do violence and
what you're seeing is a true not just a
tremendous cost but you're also seeing
violence and so and I think the
president and I think this word is being
smeared I think he's been very I think I
don't think he could be more adamant
about that and look at this March that
happened the other day when I got nine
guys showed up late if the mainstream
media they journalist mark marginal
people these marginal guys a platform
and make them bigger than let's finish
on Charlottesville and we could talk
about anything you want to bring up on
chocolate sundae what Charles VII was
the anniversary anniversary right I'm
referring
the original time there was this killing
and there was not a killing on both
sides it was a killing as you know on
one side let me read another quote to
you this is from David Duke let me
finish
nobody ever said let me finish David
Duke and all this more I'm gonna respond
I had a guy read what he said for your
stop hang over second hang or a second
just because you've got these marginal
cranks that come out and want to latch
on to Donald Trump doesn't explain the
entire thing this is what you guys are
not sorry you know this the president I
states could not have been more adamant
in condemning these people I mean it's
outweighed results outrageous that you
take these marginal groups these neo
Confederates and KKK guys because they
come out and say something about Donald
Trump them the media blows it up as like
oh they're there the wingman for Trump
nothing can be fond of giving you the
opportunity to respond that what David
Duke said was that Charlottesville was
quote a turning point for the people of
this country determined to take our
country back and fulfill the promises of
Donald Trump he said he's going to take
our country back
end quote is that that's a thought this
is all nonsense David Duke is a hater he
has no no no position in this movement
Donald Trump is one the the best guys
I've ever seen he's done more for the
african-american community as far as
economic nationalism goes I mean look at
the unemployment rate look what look
what his policies are this is a guy that
wants all Americans remember on the
night we won Stephen Mel and I drafted a
speech a victory speech that was a
throwdown
it was Trump that came in and said hey I
want to de-escalate tonight let's try to
bring the country together let's try to
brew we've had a very tough campaign
it's very been very is let's take the
acrimony down no Miller and I were ready
to go let's throw down and march on
Washington it was Donald Trump and his
wisdom said hey guys let's deescalate
let's try to bring the country together
so he got cranks like this to come out
and try to latch on to Donald Trump in
the movement you're not going to stop
this populist movement you're not going
to stop this economic nationalist
movement by continually referring to
these cranks sunday showed what nine
guys show up there's what 500 media a
couple thousand cops
these guys are cranks nobody takes them
seriously except to me it's MSNBC's
camera and CNN's camera gives them a
platform if you didn't pay attention to
him they were I'm ready to move on but
when I say that about the press are you
suggesting we shouldn't cover
this killing and the second degree
murder try and say that come on I didn't
say that the guy should be tried for
murder
Rustom degree murder not second-degree
murder okay
guys like that are bad guys and there's
just as many bad guys on the other side
the antifa movement is very violent
somebody said the other day in this
trailer I did for my spot oh my gosh
where'd you get this stuff from I said
it's from Trump rallies these are just
12 people that have been beaten up
you have violence on both sides it has
no place in America and as long as we
keep giving these guys platforms okay
they're just gonna think they're bigger
and bigger and bigger this stuff could
be shut down to be shut down very easily
I think local authorities particularly
when you have neo-nazis and neo
Confederates with these anti Fugazi
looking for a fight there's no reason
the crown jewels of the world should
accommodate that peaceful protests and
this protest about the Confederate
monuments I come from the south you know
I'm from Richmond and it's a hot issue
down there and in one way the other
through politics and through the ballot
box is gonna be it's gonna be resolved
and that's the way America is you know
I've got one opinion other people have
other opinion it's one of the reasons I
don't agree with but I respect the
energy of the time's up movement I
respect the energy of the resistance and
I respect the energy of even what Tom
Steyer is doing I saw that energy in
2010 in the Tea Party movement and so
what I think is that is that is that
that thing will be resolved it'll be
resolved by who wins elections and this
is why I'm so pumped up for November sex
because I think as Donald Trump
continues to focus on the the November 6
election that you're going to see this
as an up or down vote as we get closer
and you're not going to see a blue wave
I think that you're going to see the
left of the Democratic Party are going
to sit there and turn what they're going
to do you're finally going to have the
internecine civil war inside the
Democratic Party has been put off you
know we've been at this the populist in
the Republican Party been at this for
nine ten years okay some days we win
against the establishment and more often
we lose but we continue to try to make
progress I think in the Democratic Party
it's been suppressed and I think as we
get closer to November 6 and you do not
see a blue wave I think it's gonna
become quite evident on the last thing
or sit there and go hey this Wall Street
ownership of the Democratic
you know this pillow fight that we've
been having against the Democratic
establishment it's got to stop and I
think you're going to see a complete
civil war in the Democratic Party is
going to clear the path for Donald Trump
in 2020 turning to immigration what is
the right level of immigration in your
view when documented immigration is
declining well I think I think I like
what a non legal immigration
I like the raise act I think what the
raise Act talks about I think is 500,000
is is a good number but I think that can
it be adjusted with the economy over
time right now what I would like to see
with the you know stopping of what I
would like to see there's a stopping of
h-1b visas until we start getting better
employment by the minority communities
in Silicon Valley and in these tech jobs
I think we ought to still consider
stopping h-1b visas I think the future
of the country and technology is to make
sure that we've got people coming from
the inner cities remember we've changed
the entire education system over to stem
science technology engineering and math
and yet we still don't have enough
minorities in engineering schools I went
to a land-grant university basically
engineering school for jigna attack and
I would love to see more minorities in
the engineering schools and I would love
to see more minorities in Silicon Valley
I think one of the ways to do that is
not to open up competition to our
American citizens to the world I think I
think I think we've got to be very
careful about starting to nurture right
our citizenship here and particularly in
technology jobs so that's what I think
we've got to be very careful about all
immigrations
the illegal immigration is nothing more
than to try to suppress the wages of
working class blacks and Hispanics so
when you say that and then you look at
the statistics that say a majority of
billion-dollar capitalized tech
companies in this country have at least
one foreign founder what about losing
that and losing those jobs well first
off I think I'm not a big proponent I
think for the world to be a better place
and to start to have better economies
throughout the world this whole thing
that we've got to take the best and the
brightest from everywhere and it's got
to come the United States and be
educated here and stay here I would hope
that that would hope people would come
here be educated the United States and
then go back to their countries and form
the companies there so look I think it's
it's very helpful on one side but I
think if you
opportunities and we have more blacks
and Hispanics in engineering schools you
must see more in blacks and Hispanics as
these tech innovators and end times
going forward that's what I think is
very important I mean I think we have to
nurture American citizen remember
economic nationalism doesn't care about
your race your color your ethnicity your
gender your sexual preference what he
cares about is you're a citizen of the
United States as one of the reasons in
this group I found it I said one of the
things that I think really hurt the
country back in the 80s came at the
business school is this whole thing of
maximization of shareholder value and I
like the fact that Elizabeth Warren kind
of ripped me off and using that the
other day when she laid out do you think
you guys agree on that we definitely
agree on that all the things Nate Dunn I
think I think there was a radical theory
that came out of the business schools
and went to Wall Street that everything
had to come back to the equity holders
is maximization Sheryl value was this
mantra I think it was very destructive
and not thinking about the different
stakeholders in modern capitalism and I
think that's got to be changed what I'm
saying in our group is that we're trying
to maximize your citizenship value part
of that is to make sure that you don't
have to have unfair competition remember
illegal immigration immigration and
trade are two sides of the same coin
that's what we talked about here with
sessions in Miller back in 2013 trade is
just allowing unfair competition by
foreign labor against our own libro
manufacturing illegal immigration is
just allowing that too that labor to
come here is all about the suppression
of wages what do you h b-1 visas the
same thing all Silicon Valley wants is
higher margin and that's talking about
skilled labor when you go to what is
called unskilled labor as you know a lot
of this is not direct competition that
the most common job for a native-born
American without a diploma is a cashier
and it's the least common job for
documented immigrants so what do you say
to people who think that you are
building a fear about jobs being taken
that is not supported by that by the way
in construction oilfield services in
agriculture okay this is where you're
starting to see wages rise finally
you've got it we've got to restrict
illegal immigration or you're just going
to have unfair competition in Hispanic
and black working class if somebody says
you have to have this minimum wage I'm
saying hey if we restrict the labor pool
okay
wages will rise I'm all for higher wages
and I think it could come I think Trump
program is to do that so I categorically
reject that people that and that's one
of the reasons on left wing populism
you're never really going to be able to
kind of get your hand on the throttle
until you deal with this issue of
immigration you have to deal with them
it's the globalists that want to have
American citizens compete with the world
both in our borders and outside all I'm
saying is unfair competition and so I
think on an illegal immigration a labor
is that if you restrict illegal
immigration labor coming in here you're
going to have a rise in wages and that's
why I start I think you're starting to
see that right now finally someone who
held a similar job to you Paul Manafort
is awaiting a verdict any views on him
and as we conclude your views of how
you're going to evaluate your
performance in the midterms and beyond
Manta Ford's look they took a you know
obviously his attorneys really thought
through this idea of not putting on a
defense and so I think they'll let the
chips fall oh they where they might I'd
really haven't followed the case but I
would a pine that if defense attorneys
to decided not to put in a case they
really didn't think the government made
a very compelling case I think we're
going to judge it whether Donald Trump
what we keep the house or not I mean I'm
all in Donald Trump's a winner I mean
Donald Trump is a closer that's one of
the things in when when I first kind of
the campaign Hillary Clinton it wouldn't
really never closed the main deal and
Donald Trump said closer he closed the
primaries he closed the presidency and I
think when everybody's totally focused
on the stakes here on November 6 that
that Donald Trump will closed and I
think everybody's going to be held
accountable of whether we hold the House
of Representatives or not I mean it's
one of the reasons that it's look it's
it's a risky venture but I feel it has
to be done I'm a big believer in the
Trump program big believer in the
President and I think it really behooves
everybody to hold the House of
Representatives so I'll have to say
Steve Bannon thank you for your time
thanks for coming by and I apologize got
a little hot today here in the 100
degrees outside it's hot in this
building thank you good sir
Thanks
