former Trump campaign chief Steve Bannon
famously defended Donald Trump against
allegations of sexual misconduct and his
political operation doubled down on ROI
more well after several independent
allegations that he preyed on underage
girls decisions that have helped fuel a
backlash that ranges from a
record-breaking number of female
candidates running for office right now
this year it's mostly Democrats running
against Trump plus these growing
movements like me too and times up so
today I asked Bannon about times up
about the rising opposition to Trump
among women and whether these movements
are a constructive force to advance
equality and force changes on what he
refers to as the patriarchy what at
times that mean to you what times that
means to me is at the end of the
patriarchy that's times up in the end of
the patriarchy and what they wanted to
have is a fundamental shift and the
power dynamics in society and so I think
you have the times up movement you have
what I call the resistance and then I
think you have Tom Stiers impeach the
president I think those three elements
are kind of the the enthusiasm on the so
you say challenge the patriarchy given
the history of gender relations in this
country and around the world and the
desire for gender equality isn't that a
good thing to revise the patriarchy as
you put it my oldest daughter is a West
Point graduate that served with the
hundred and the first error and the men
right there sitting on a throne of Sudan
as Saddam Hussein in her uniform with
the hundred first airborne you know I'm
a huge believer in equality right and in
my daughters I think are living proof of
that and the rest of my family so no I'm
a huge believer in that I think there's
some just above but I think in the times
up movement as a subset of that some of
the things are going to sexual
harassment particularly in the media
companies that have not been vetted with
the executives is something that really
needs to be done and so yeah I think I'm
not a hundred percent with the times of
movement but I can see it's a very
powerful political force I was the one
that said I think something like Oprah
Winfrey will come out of that movement
it could be actually a win the
Democratic nomination I can't quite tell
if you're saying it's a good thing
bottom line is it constructive I think
is constructive to always review things
like this I think some of the radical
this of that movement is not a positive
thing but I think that it's always good
to question your assumptions so I think
that some of the things are coming out
of it particularly what we found out in
some of these companies that things went
on I think is quite positive there are
people who would observe that the way
you talk about your daughter and what
you just said about gender relations is
very different from the way Donald Trump
talks the times that buy a gender gap
now that as you know is 20 points in
negative views of the president is this
Authority let me finish the question is
this party walking away from women
voters or college educated women vote
well first off you know we won
what white women 52:48 over Hillary
Clinton the first female nominee in
history I think we won white
working-class woman something like 69 or
70 percent seventy thirty and so Donald
Trump does resonate with that I realize
we responded that I'll give you more
time okay fine the gender gap in 2016
was at 11 points was the largest in 20
years right go ahead yeah you know but I
think a lot of that was also minority
women right and Donald Trump you know I
think we won eight percent of overall
african-american voters but I think we
had a very big turnout in
african-american women but I'm saying
well there was never give you time the
question is is Donald Trump walking away
and walked on the GOP way there's
definitely women definitely not walk
away look at look at Ivanka I think
Ivanka has been very engaged in women's
issues she's talking about you know job
training and all these other things I
think she's very engaged I think you see
the way that Donald Trump has a terrific
relationship with his daughter show and
his wife shows that you know what he
what he thinks about this I think a lot
of things that people jump on some of
the some of the tweets or they've jumped
on some of the things that they
allegedly happened during the campaign
right or women that came out during the
campaign to try to stop it as we as we
push through that let's go to Billy Bush
weekend me Billy Bush weekend everybody
said he should resign there's some of
the Republican establishment says you
should resign people walked away from
the campaign and what he did is he
presented the facts of the locker room
talk and then we went to st. Louis the
next night and I brought the the people
that Bill Clinton had actually had
actually molested and and I think that
the American people weighed and measured
that and voted in November and you
you brought adult women who were
accusers of Bill Clinton yeah and you
said they should be heard yes and the
response from any people is what about
the accusers of Donald Trump should they
be heard he threatened to sue them and
suggested that would resolve it he never
sued them he's facing suits from them
and Roy Moore who you backed of course
faced his own accusers including
multiple women who say he preyed on that
if they want to come forward they should
come forward if they want to come
forward they should come forward there
are cons some of our coming forward in
the court system right now if they want
to come forward there's not shy about
going after Donald Trump but back to
your question the how Trump has an
abandoned women he has not been in women
at all I think that I think if you look
at the economy if you look what he's
doing across the board that they're
they're the beneficiaries of this and I
think Donald Trump's going to play very
well but you would accusers yeah what do
you say to people who see your backing
of Roy Moore who was accused of Legally
worse things we'll finish the question I
will give you your response time yes sir
what do you say to people who say to you
is the only standard here partisanship
and whether you like the candidate if
you're not giving Roy Moore his accusers
at the same time we're more secure
tzer's had time during the campaign or
they're going to have additional time
they came forward they had the
Washington Post they had the biggest
platforms in media where Moore was
buried by that you can't sit there and
you can't sit there reasonably asked do
they not have adequate representation
they not have a platform they had the
biggest media platforms in the country
the question gets to be how legitimate
were those they ever they ever turn out
to be something and that's going to be
adjudicated ever shake your review did
you ever say maybe I shouldn't be not
this personally not given what these
women are absolutely not when we looked
at what because we looked at the
allegations I don't believe I don't
believe in then I didn't I did not
believe him then I do not believe them
today if they get adjudicated over top
maybe I changed my mind but from the
facts that I saw then and the facts I
see now absolutely not bottom line and a
lot of people disagree vehemently with
your view of it but bottom line you're
saying that what was a historic 11 point
gap that currently is 20 with Trump and
women you'd think somehow it will close
I think somehow we definitely close up
from 20 absolutely do we get it to the
eleven I don't know but I think you were
in closing from twenty and I think more
importantly we can close it in those
districts that we have to win to hold
the house hey I'm already Melvin from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
