there's perhaps no controversy that his
dog president Trump and Steve Bannon
more than their both sides response to
the violence and the killing of a
counter protester Heather hire in
Charlottesville at a white supremacy
unite the right rally just over a year
ago the incident came just a week before
Bannon was leaving the White House
Trump's response ignited more pain and
revulsion on these searing issues of
racism and civil rights I asked the
abandon about the issue today
Charlotte's Hill was the president wrong
to say there was blame on both sides
well he's absolutely correct listen the
whole discussion and what the president
was saying and go back and look at those
statements he made if you look at it
what he's saying is that the the
discussion about the Confederate
monuments where the Confederate
monuments should be covered whether the
Confederate monuments should be removed
whether the Confederate monuments of
these generals are part of southern
heritage there are people on both sides
and that's a First Amendment right to
debate that and to March and then to
protest that and that's what he's trying
to say you said let's look at what hang
on and if you said he says where's it
all in if you talk about the neo Nazis
and the neo Confederates and the KKK and
and Tifa I think the president has been
adamant in saying that though both of
those parties are wrong both those
parties shouldn't be allowed to come
there and start to cause havoc and that
authorities ought to shut that down the
president I think was very to what the
president said let's go to the words
quote I think there's blame on both
sides you had a group on one side that
was bad and you had a group on the other
side that was also very violent nobody
wants to say it but I will say it right
now was the organizers of the rally that
talked about anti-black prejudice that
chanted anti-semitic slogans and there's
as you know a second-degree murder
charge for Heather for the Heather hires
death he's right and absolutely adamant
about this so I'm saying when you talk
about the Confederate monuments and you
talk about whether they should stay or
not it'll be covered or not the
president saying there's good people on
both sides okay when you talk about the
people that come there for violence he's
condemned those people he condemned the
neo Confederates he condemned the
neo-nazis he condemned the cake
kay he also condemned ante fo and if you
look at cuomo the other night the
problem with the left and probably the
mainstream media you give antifa
complete free pass they are just as
violence in New York Confederates are
just as violent as the as these KKK guys
and they have to be condemned and that's
what you've seen the Von's come from
i've actually advocated even a situation
like Charlottesville they don't to me
they shouldn't have the right to kind of
March because they come looking for a
fight they come and to do violence and
what you're seeing is a true not just a
tremendous cost but you're also seeing
violence and so and I think the
president I think this word is being
smeared I think he's been very I think I
don't think he could be more adamant
about that and look at this March that
happened the other day
look nine nine guy showed up listen to
the mainstream media that journalism in
marginal people these marginal guys a
platform and make them bigger than let's
finish on Charlottesville and we could
talk about anything you want to bring up
on Sunday what Charlottesville it's the
anniversary anniversary right I'm
referring to the original time here
there was this killing and there was not
a killing on both sides it was a killing
as you know on one side hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
