and thanks you at home for joining us
this hour happy Friday we here on this
show are having a big news night tonight
that we have been prepping for for the
past two days we have for our special
guests tonight former CIA director John
Brennan director Brennan is the first in
what the president has threatened will
be a long line of current and former
senior law enforcement and intelligence
officials whose security clearances the
president plans to revoke almost all of
the officials he's put on his list thus
far are perhaps coincidentally people
who might be in a position to
conceivably
testify about what they observed during
the Russian attack on the 2016 election
including potentially tries to ties to
Trump campaign officials and reaction to
the investigation from inside the Trump
transition the Trump White House and
from the President himself
after the president yanked the former
CIA director security clearance the
president told The Wall Street Journal
bluntly and a sort of impromptu
interview according to the Journal that
the reason he went after the CIA
director in that way the reason he
revoked those security clearances is
specifically because of the Russia
investigation the president drew a
direct link telling the journal quote I
call it the rigged witch hunt it is a
sham and these people let it no
president is ever known to have ever
personally intervened to revoke the
security clearance of any official or
former official let alone for the reason
this president explained in this case
when you're on uncharted territory you
don't always know what will come next
for us as a country but when you're the
person in the middle of Uncharted
attacks like this you have to wonder
what it feels like this interview
tonight with John Brennan will be his
first live TV interview since the
president took this action director
Brennan thank you very much for being
here tonight sir I know you have choices
about where to be thanks for being here
no thanks Rachel if I haven't gone so
you were CIA director from 2013 to
January of 2017 you were President
Obama's counterterrorism and homeland
vizor you were 25 years as a CIA officer
before that you have been through some
stressful situations in your life how
has it been these past couple of days
since the president singled you out for
her attack and punishment in this way
it's fine as far as I'm concerned
personally I'm fine it's not unexpected
he had signals that something like this
was going to happen nobody though got in
touch with me from the White House or
CIA since it was first noted that my
security clearance during review I
learned about it when somebody called me
to say that Sarah Huckabee Sanders was
announcing at the podium that those
clearances were revoked again I was not
shocked for a couple reasons one there
was a heads-up but secondly I'm not
shocked quite frankly yet all the
appalling things that mr. Trump has done
and so I think this is an egregious act
that it flies in the face of traditional
practice as well as common sense as well
as national security and I think that's
why there's been such a out cry from
many intelligence professionals not to
support me but to support the principle
that security clearances are something
that's very very solemn and sacred and
they never ever should be used for
political purposes either to grant
friends those clearances or to revoke
clearances of your critics and with
three decades experience at the CIA and
all of your other government service
clearly you're familiar with clearances
with the processes and procedures or run
clearances including the processes that
exist inside the government for revoking
them for cause when the president first
signaled that he might go after your
security clearance did you expect that
the CIA would then be put through its
paces in terms of the normal procedures
for how these things go that they would
write a memo they would evaluate whether
you were had behaved in any way that
would justify this action did you expect
expect that it would go through channels
well if these were normal times I would
have expected it but these are not
normal times these are quite frankly
very frightening times so I didn't
expect any adherence to process any
adherence to the steps and the measures
and the regulations that exist by
executive order
I think mr. Trump has demonstrated time
and time again that he believes that
just because he has the
all ready to do these things that he has
in fact the right to do it
irrespective of what is truly the
appropriate thing to do
and appropriate is a general word there
congressman Elijah Cummings has
suggested and other observers have
subjected have suggests suggested that
even though the President does have the
right to sort of handle security
clearances as commander-in-chief there
are executive orders that supposedly
guide the way these things are handled
congressman Cummings has suggested
overtly that it may be illegal what the
president has done congressman Schiff
who's the top Democrat on Intel has
suggested the same thing
are you considering legal action or do
you think you have a legal right to
exert against the president's actions
here well I think as you can imagine a
number of lawyers have reached out to
say that there is a very strong case
here not so much to reclaim mine but to
prevent this from happening in the
future
and so I am thinking about what it is
that I might want to do at this time I'm
trying to make sure that the principle
is what is going to be defended and
supported and this this is something
that should not be repeated the other
people on the so-called enemies list now
I think this is just another example of
mr. Trump trying to frighten intimidate
others but I can tell you having worked
in the national security and
intelligence community for many many
years these are not the type people who
are going to be bullied or intimidated
by someone that the likes of mr. Trump
there is a list
they are former senior one current
currently serving Justice Department
official and there's actually some some
news about him tonight that I want to
get your reaction to it's just broken
within the last hour or so but but among
this list you appear to be first the
president is threatening to revoke
everybody else's security clearances he
acted against you do you have a sense of
why the president thinks you're so
special why he has why he's started with
you it I mean and I I don't know I guess
I don't know if I'm asking about
something personal I guess the way that
I imagine this might go is that there
might be something that that you know or
that he knows that you know that
be making him particularly angry a
particularly nervous I don't know what
it is that's motivating mr. Trump to
focus on me at first I met mr. Trump
only once at Trump Tower and early
January 2017 when we briefed him on the
intelligent assessment on Russian
interference deduction that's the only
interaction I've had with them ever now
I have been outspoken and I'm sure that
my outspokenness and some of the things
that I have said have you know irritated
him I wish I didn't have to say these
things and it's one thing to have policy
differences of substantive differences
with presidents and I've had them in the
past with previous presidents what
really gets under my skin is mr. Trump's
lack of decency integrity honesty and
his lack of commitment to this country's
well-being in NASH security mr. Trump is
motivated by whatever is the best
interest of mr. Trump that has been his
modus operandi for many decades I was
hoping that he was going to change once
he assumed the solemn responsibilities
the office of presidency that's why from
my first year I sometimes spoke out when
he was in front of the agency's memorial
wall and spoke about his the size of his
inauguration crowd well I did it very
very selectively I gave him a year I
said maybe he is going to adapt and
change but it seemed like day after day
week after week month after month things
just got worse and he did not live up to
I think what Americans expect of the
President of the United States to speak
with great forcefulness
but to do it with integrity and honesty
mr. Trump time after time I think has
really just disappointed millions of
Americans which I'm trying to give voice
to and so I know a lot of people think
that a former intelligence official
shouldn't be doing this I don't consider
what I'm doing political at all
I've never registered as a Republican or
a Democrat at you know it's my entire
life but I feel such a commitment to
this country's security and its
reputation I'm the son of an immigrant
and my father taught me and my siblings
early on just how important it is that
we take as very special the privilege of
being born an American citizen and so
when I see what mr. Trump is doing
the trashing reputation of this country
worldwide and the way he has treated
Americans fellow Americans but how he
refers to them the divisiveness the
incitement the the fuelling of hatred
and polarization this is not what this
country's about presidents over the
centuries over the generations some of
them have been terrible jerks if you
read the right history books some of
them have been deliberately divisive
some of them have had terrible ideas or
treated people in their personal lives
or even in political life in egregious
ways your criticism of President Trump
is rises above that type despite we do
start ikkyu lated here you've gone
further than that after Helsinki you
were stark and even a little bit scary
in your criticism of his behavior you
said it rose to to Teresa I said was
nothing short of treasonous in this
current controversy that specific
comment has been singled out by a number
of people as a comment that maybe by you
cross the line that was maybe in line
well what is it freedom of speech no I'm
not saying we don't have a right to say
it but do you stand by that
consideration and can you explain can
you elaborate what you mean by
treasonous it's a very serious
allegation I know what the Russians did
and interfering in the election I have
you know I'm a hundred percent
confidence in what they did and for mr.
Trump to stand on that stage in Helsinki
with all the world's eyes upon him and
to basically said he wouldn't he doesn't
understand why would the Russians
interfere in the election he's given mr.
Putin and the Russians have passed time
after time after time and he keeps
referring to this whole investigation as
a witch hunt
as you know bogus as you know and to me
this was a an attack against the
foundational principle of our great
Republic which is the right of all
Americans to choose their elected
leaders and for mr. Trump to so
cavalierly just dismiss that yes
sometimes my my Irish comes out and in
my tweets and I did say that it rises to
and exceeds the level of
the high crimes and misdemeanors and
there's nothing short of treasonous
because he had the opportunity there to
be able to say to the world that this is
something that happened it should never
ever happen again
and if Russia tries at all to do it
they're going to pay a serious price for
it
I don't expect mr. Putin to acknowledge
it he's you know he's going to deny deny
deny but for the president United States
to continue to prevaricate on this issue
I think does a great injustice and a
disservice to the men and women of the
intelligence law enforcement community
and does a great disservice to the
citizens United States and that's why I
said it was nothing short of treasonous
I didn't mean that he committed treason
but it was a term that I used nothing
short of treasonous well you didn't mean
that he committed treason though I said
it's nothing short of treasonous that
was the term that I use yeah that's that
if we if we diagram the sentence nothing
short of treason this means it's treason
I mean the reason the reason I'm
bringing I'm bringing this out is
because when you say I know what the
Russians did anyone you know knowing
what the Russians did observing the
president's behavior you go to the word
trees and it suggests that you think the
president maybe I think the preserving
another serving a foreign country rather
than our own well yeah I think he has
crossed the line repeatedly in terms of
his failure to fulfill the
responsibilities office and to look with
Putin square in the eye and say this
should never ever happen again do you
think that he is knowingly serving the
interests of the Russian government
instead of the US government you know I
scratched my head a lot I'm puzzled over
why mr. Trump acts this way with such
obsequious Ness to mr. Putin I don't I
don't know and I'm not going to try to
pretend that I know but there is
something that is very disconcerting
very worrisome about how an individual
who occupies the Oval Office interacts
with mr. Putin I'm a great advocate of
improving relations between Moscow and
Washington don't get me wrong I was a
strong supporter of that during the
Obama ministration and I went I stuck my
neck out a number of times this
typically on Syria to say no we need to
be able to work at the Russians to be
able to bring this mass carnage to a
halt but time after time the Russians
you know would feign sincerity better
than anybody I've ever known
but I do believe we need to get this
behind us I don't want this to you know
royal the waters forever but we need to
have a presence is going to acknowledge
this and make sure that he is able to
then move on how do we get this behind
this I mean you're suggesting that
there's things that we do not yet know
that have not yet been adjudicated or
laid fairly before the American people
about the president his connection to
what happened with Russia do we need to
know that in order to move on or should
we decide to move on before we know it's
called the Muller investigation it's
called the duly appointed special
counsel who has given the mandate to
investigate what Russia did in terms of
interference in our presidential
election and who might have been working
in support of Russian objectives and who
might have committed a crime in that
process and that's why a robert muller
is a real national treasure he needs to
be able to continue with this
investigation unimpeded Motors
indictment about the GRU about Russian
military intelligence lays out in black
and white in great detail an alleged
criminal conspiracy to illegally sway
the u.s. election it's named
conspirators it describes what they did
there was an agreement among multiple
actors to pursue a name and then they
took actions in pursuit of that name so
they've defined a criminal conspiracy
existing in the world on the point of a
foreign government which you need yes
government yes
actually but because that conspiracy has
been defined what would an American have
to do to be considered part of that
conspiracy all right if you've got a
foreign conspiracy orchestrated by a
foreign government what does it mean to
have an American abettor what does it
mean for an American I mean we talk the
word collusion has become you know
refrigerator poetry it's used by anybody
for any reason it often times
incoherently but what would amount in
your minds and intelligence terms to an
American being a part of that conspiracy
the one that's been defined by robert
muller already yeah and I will leave it
to the lawyers since the courts to
decide whether or not something is
criminal not but in my mind it requires
someone to knowingly so
port the efforts of a foreign government
to interfere in u.s. domestic politics
and especially in election and so any
American who was working with the
Russians are working with intermediaries
who are working with the Russians and
those Americans who knowingly tried to
collude conspire and to work with them
in order to advance their political
objectives here in the States
I think that rises to the level of
conspiracy now a lot depends on what
Robert Muller has been able to uncover
maybe there's none of that
and in my op-ed in The New York Times
when I said that mr. Trump's claims of
no illusion are hogwash is because there
is collusion I think in open sight now
because so many things I've learned
since I left office because of what has
appeared in the press you know the Trump
Tower meeting at Don jr. and others and
I also when I was CI director I didn't
know that it was the day that mr. Trump
basically gave a public call to the
Russians to find Hillary Clinton's
emails that were fact was that same day
that the GRU was actively looking for it
so there is collusion in plain sight but
I don't know whether or not any of that
rise level of conspiracy and whether any
of that conspiracy rise level of
criminal liability for that conspiracy
you described in detail before Congress
and open its open studying congressional
testimony last spring that's in the
summer of 2016 you at CIA were alarmed
by said your radar went up about the
number of contacts between Russian
officials and US persons at a time that
Russia was mounting this interference
campaign when you say that your radar
went up about that digital radar go up
about that just because it appeared that
that Russian operation had as a
component of that operation the
engagement of Americans toward that end
or was it specifically because of the
people the Americans the specific US
citizens who those Russians were
targeting what was it that put your
alarm up well first I do that it was a
very intense Russian effort to interfere
in the election number one number two I
am well aware and have a lot of
experience in observing what the
Russians will do to try to suborn
American citizens to get American
citizens to work for them and this was a
very intensive effort and so
as I said in my bed myself and Jim Comey
and Mike Rogers man si we talked about
the importance of making sure that our
radar our collection radar was up so
that we had early indications or be able
to uncover any effort on the part of the
Russians to work with American citizens
where the American citizens are reaching
out to the Russians as well to see what
they could get see if they could get any
dirt on Hillary Clinton
so my radar was going because I knew the
Russians were engaged in this effort and
I was aware of contacts with American
citizens that may have been totally
innocent on the American citizens part
and maybe they weren't abetting at all
was it clear to either those contacts
with American citizens were part of the
operation that it was part of the way
that Russia was trying to accomplish its
objectives I was very concerned and
aware that the Russians were trying to
leverage US citizens in order to achieve
their objectives in the presidential
election
while you were in office as CIA director
before you left on inauguration day
did you conclude that US persons were
successfully leveraged in that effort no
no and that's why I said in an open
testimony that I that I was concerned
about these contacts because people will
go down a treasonous path sometimes very
unknowingly and they get into very hot
water and deep water and then they in
fact cannot extricate themselves because
the Russians are very clever at getting
people in positions of potential
compromise compromising positions that
they then cannot sort of turn back so
when I left office on January 20th or
2017 I had unresolved questions in my
mind about whether or not any of those
u.s. persons were working in support of
the Russian efforts and those were
referred those concerns and about
specific US persons referred to the FBI
right we call it incidental collection
in terms of CIA's foreign intelligence
collection authorities any time we would
incidentally collect information on the
u.s. person we would hand that over to
the FBI because they have the legal
authorities to do it we would not pursue
that type of investigative you know so
the leads we would give it to the FBI so
we were picking things up
that was of great relevance to the FBI
we want to make sure that they were
there so they could piece it together
with whatever they were collecting
domestically here again it was an
intelligence sharing operation between
right we put together a fusion center at
CIA with a broad NSA and FBI officers
together with CIA to make sure that
those proverbial dots would be connected
let me ask you about one other one other
thing that happened during your tenure
as CIA director and I don't believe
you've ever been asked about this before
several weeks before the election in
2016 the early fall of 2016 I know
personally that two well-respected
reporters here at NBC approached you and
asked you about a story that they were
chasing concerning than candidate Donald
Trump and connections he might have to
Russia and the Kremlin you were
approached by these reporters they were
asking for either on the record or off
the record guidance from you on that
story and they say you told them I don't
think I can help you with that I don't
think I can help you with this I can't
confirm it I don't that I don't have
that for you I can't help you so you
wouldn't confirm any of it you offered
no help this was September of 2016
mm-hmm it sounds like at that time you
actually did know quite a lot about the
Russian operation to influence the
election and potential connections to
the Trump campaign the press was coming
to you with these queries I know they at
least were coming to you from the space
from within this building what was that
of interest to you that the press seemed
to be on to some of this and how did you
handle that press interest yes well I
don't think I've ever been asked this
question on a news show but in fact I
informed the Senate tells committee
about this in my semi-closed testimony
over the past year and a half yes it was
in September and to journalists
noteworthy members of the media asked me
if I had heard about a document or a
report about that it contains some
salacious information related to Donald
Trump were they specifically asking
about that supposed the alleged sex tape
they were they were talking about a bat
and they used some of those descriptors
didn't go into great detail but they led
me to believe that it was
some things that might have happened in
Moscow
I didn't confirm or deny anything for
various reasons one is that I don't talk
to American journalists about US persons
ever number to much less talk about a
u.s. presidential candidate to
journalists and it was later that year
when in December was the first time I
had ever put eyes on the so-called
Steele dossier that I recalled the
conversation I had with those two
members of the media and said oh this
must be what they're talking about
because they said this was widely
circulating among the media and the
press this document this report these
rumors or whatever else and I basically
told them I can't help you with that and
I'm not going to engage but it was
subsequent to that that I connected the
dots then and said they must have been
talking about what ultimately was
referred to as the seal dossier yeah I
didn't see that dossier until December
there are a lot of people out there
including members of Congress who claim
that I told Senate Majority Leader
monarda the time how I read about it in
August to September that is you know
that is false I did not have eyes or
information on that election until after
the election that's right before pub
before it was published in January but
after the election in November right it
became a hot topic of debate within CIA
NSA and FBI and DNI about whether or not
to take that dossier into account when
the in telecommunication we decided no
because we there's no way we could
substantiate it
it wasn't an intelligence document so it
was appended to it but it was not taken
into account at all as that Intel's
community assessment was done and was
completed president has made a specific
on the record allegation against you on
that specific topic there's also a
little bit of breaking news about the
security clearance fallout after the
president revoked your security
clearance this week please stick with us
former CIA director John Brennan is my
we'll be right back hey there are misses
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
