Donald Trump's clash with intelligence
leaders many across the spectrum now say
it is clear there is no doubt there is
no debate he is abusing national
security powers to punish government
employees not only because of their
criticism which is political debate but
also because of their potential role as
witnesses in the Russia probe the
criminal investigation into his white
house and we are seeing a rising chorus
when you look at the screen it now
includes defense secretary Robert Gates
and six former CIA directors who served
under presidents from both parties
signing on to a strong letter condemning
what Donald Trump is doing they say
they've quote never before seen security
clearances abused as a political tool
they say this is quote inappropriate and
deeply regrettable Donald Trump has
admitted this is all about Russia
payback it's a disgusting thing frankly
look I say it I say it again that whole
situation is a rigged would John it's a
totally rigged deal they should be
looking at the other side and while this
week involved a lot of discussion of
former CIA director Brennan who I
mentioned is also an NBC analysts there
is more going on Trump now using the
same trick to attack a Justice
Department official Bruce or who's
linked to some intelligence in the
Russia probe though he's not even
working on the investigation itself I
think Bruce or is a disgrace I suspect
I'll be taking it away very quickly I
think that Bruce or is it just great
with his wife Nellie for him to be in
the Justice Department and to be doing
what he did that is a disgrace let's get
right to it Howard Fineman is an MSNBC
political analyst and longtime student
of Washington retired Army Lieutenant
Colonel Ralph Peters who served his
country as well as a Fox News analyst
although when he left he said it had
become a propaganda machine he's also
had security clearances at a high level
as as my next guest Mary McCord former
acting assistant attorney general and
she ran and helped run the Deo Jays
National Security Division I should say
not a one-person job probably she says
to the New York Times today Donald Trump
is sending out a clear message quote
don't cross me and joining us from New
York as well as Christina Greer a
professor at Fordham University my
thanks
all colonel I begin with you Donald
Trump does many things that people don't
like which is fine this is a free
country why in your view does this go
beyond something that's disliked and
become something gained
because this isn't how we do things this
is it's been said before this is Banana
Republic behavior which is sort of an
insult to banana republics and to
bananas
yeah arguably yes what let us not it's
open and it's Andy Warhol album cover
Velvet Underground but in the United
States of America we closed the ranks
when it comes to national security and
it's not merely a matter of keeping
these people red on giving them security
and continued security clearances so
that they can give us advice but in the
case of a national catastrophe on a
nuclear attack on Washington you've also
got this be team ready to help out it
goes on and on but the bottom line is
this we've gotten to the point where the
only thing we're worried about is is it
illegal well no it's not illegal the
president can do this but it is
profoundly unethical hmm and morally
wrong and I think while government has
never been an ethical paradise the depth
to which this administration is sunk as
exemplified by this behavior is
literally immeasurable well you began
with bananas and you end with paradise
which makes me think of apples and the
Adam and Eve and the Apple Mary of
course involves knowledge and this is a
fight over knowledge and power and
that's the part of it that's not funny
that's not to be just dismissed because
it is according to the president's
critics and we just showed how many of
them come from both parties and from the
type of jobs you have where you had a
clearance it is the idea that he is
going to say the knowledge is only
accessible to people who agree with him
and the punishment will be for everyone
else including these potential witnesses
I think just you know a comment was just
made not illegal I'm not sure that's the
case
because it's well it's clear that the
executive has a great prerogative when
it comes to revoking security clearances
he can't do that in ways that are
unconstitutional I think that's one of
the things that's very concerning here
which is this seems to be in direct
retaliation for the exercise of First
Amendment rights well how would that
work as we discussed this earlier this
week with a legal expert and I take your
point there are things that you can have
the authority to do and abuse the
authority right but in this instance
with the presidential security powers
but you're not suggesting that there's a
felony here
no no not a criminal offense which would
violate which part of the Constitution
the First Amendment retaliation for
exercise of First Amendment rights and
so that's the kind of thing that the
Supreme Court has left open when it's
come to review of the revocation of
national security clearances they've
been pretty clear that generally
speaking it's not judicially reviewable
but they've left this question and we're
looking at your comments the New York
Times here that I think made waves in
your analysis of this Christina Greer I
want to show Donald Trump who as we
report here often says things that are
not true and we report that he sometimes
deliberately lies and we report that but
today he said something that seemed to
be true although disturbing it was his
honest view that being attacked in this
way which as our former leader of the
National Division of the Justice
Department just said might even be
unconstitutional that that attack could
be good because it's the kind of hate or
haterade that brings attention and
Donald Trump thinks attention helps
anybody which I thought itself was kind
of a sad but stunning admission of sorts
take a look
there's no silence if anything I'm
giving up a bigger voice many people
don't even know who he is and now he has
the bigger voice and that's okay with me
because I like taking on voices like
that
I've never respected him I've never had
a lot of respect I know that I've got to
tremendous response from having done
that because security clearances are
very important to me Christina as a
political scientist an observer I wonder
if you could walk us through the
multiple layers of of sad premises there
because he's basically saying I'm
helping someone by being in a fight I've
never liked him as if that's the
rationale for national security access
and to completely willfully ignorant of
the First Amendment consideration right
I mean Ari what we talked about almost
every week on the show is that there is
there seems to be no bottom to this
particular presidency and so we know
that Trump really does traffic in
branding right he's using the term
witch-hunt he's using the term rigged
because he'd like to he has the red hats
that's always been his you know his
schtick and so now we see when he's
interacting with even adversaries though
his framework is even while I'm helping
to make them famous so you know I don't
understand what the problem is we saw
this even with gold star families how he
talks about everything in this idea of
winners and losers I mean part of my
sincere frustration I feel like I'm
sounding like a broken record with you
is that where are the separation of
powers
where are the Republican members of
Congress who are saying our president is
over stepping in in a very dangerous
unethical territory but we actually need
to speak out it shouldn't just be former
CIA directors it should be AG's across
the country it should be Republicans
powerful Republicans we're getting these
milquetoast responses from Republican
senators by saying well I mean it's not
ideal that's not enough I think that
they should really ring the alarm
because once we go into Banana Republic
territory which I think we're in we're
cruising on a pretty steady stream of an
authoritarian dictatorial country where
this president just keeps pushing the
envelope
his own party isn't checking him and
unfortunately he's able to brand it in a
way where it seems powerful but it's
incredibly dangerous Howard Fineman
politics life existence for Donald Trump
is a zero-sum game he sees he believes
that he can only have power and
authority if no one else has it so any
independent institution with a history
with a reputation with a mission that is
independent of politics is something
that he has to destroy and that's the
essence of what dictatorial banana
republics are all about they're about
the personality the will and the wants
of the person in charge there is no more
independent at least since world war ii
institution in america with greater
power than the intelligence community
and we designed it that way we wanted it
that way because we wanted to have
people who are free to look for the
truth where it was and give well and
bill good advice to people what on the
point you're making because when you use
the word power you also seem to be
referring to autonomy yes well that's
that's implicit in the idea of of what
Donald Trump hates anybody who has
autonomy cannot exist in his cosmos and
that's true the Republican Party which
is completely neutered and by the way if
you're expecting any of those August
senators on the hill to start
complaining forget about it I think they
secretly like what he's doing because
they want to maintain maintain power
themselves and in the case of the
intelligence community they have the
temerity not only to be independent but
to say you know what Russia has been
deeply complicit and mucking around in
American politics for a long time and
John Brennan had the temerity to say the
idea that there was no collusion with
the Trump campaign is to use the his
technical world hogwash so this is
ultimately a political battle in which
Donald Trump is going to use every tool
he can find including withdrawing
national security clearances to destroy
the independence and the vision and the
integrity of the intelligence community
he's at war with the intelligence
community to try to save himself from
impeachment
conviction I'd agree with that and I
think that another important point here
to to go to the president's comments
today about John Brennan it's true John
Brennan is not going to be cowed from
stating his opinions I mean that's clear
but don't forget about the threat to
others who might not be John Brennan
they might not have that kind of stature
in that respect around the world who not
only the other people that are on the
list including you know a current
sitting Department of Justice official
but also others who aren't on the list
yet but are afraid that either if they
speak out their minds or even if they
just do their jobs if their jobs have
anything to do that might be threatening
to the president then they might get on
that list as well so that chilling
effect I think is something we have to
be very concerned I think we should be
naive about the intelligence community
they're fully capable of playing
hardball themselves but they've always
done it I think in the interest of
Independence of their independence so
they can give in their sense of
patriotic duty unvarnished information
about the world the secrets about the
world and guidance to our American
leaders so so Colonel when you look at
everything that's just been said one of
the takeaways here is according to a lot
of experts this is a bad thing but it's
also a bad thing that's being done very
effectively which makes it worse than
incompetence in pursuing a bad thing and
some people are so against Donald Trump
they seem to forget sometimes how
effective he is but when it comes to
creating a politicized polarized
environment where people like you who've
served the country in a non-partisan way
for the bulk of your career are being
Mis perceived as a part of a quote deep
state when in fact the agenda seems to
be to change the leadership of the FBI
because he's in under investigation in
Russia probably got Comey out he got
McCabe out and now Peter Struck's fired
and he's going after Bruce doors
security clearance which does limit the
department you were in right you can't
work there without one of those and then
you go out to clapper but animals hate
in what if he pulls Muller's and then
that goes to the molar question which
we'll put up on the screen what you're
saying which is a Jeremy bass who was a
CIA counsel says my concern quote is
that Trump will strip the clearances
Ababwa investigative team
give us your analysis if you will on how
effective this is and how Donald Trump
who has been so underestimated
politically seems to be good at doing
this bad thing well I think a
fundamental problem we have Ari is we
try to analyze him as a politician he is
not a politician he's a masterful
entertainer indeed he may be the most
successful entertainer in history I mean
back in the 60s John Lennon got in
trouble for saying the Beatles are more
popular than Jesus I'll tell you Trump
is a lot more popular than the Beatles
and he's commanding headlines daily
around the world
what other entertainer can do that but
for me the fundamental problem I mean
everything else is a symptom but this is
a president who doesn't like our system
of government who does not understand
our servicemen government despises the
idea of the separation of powers of
sharing power as was said here and when
it comes to the Constitution he and many
of his core supporters think it's a menu
where they can pick what they love menu
yeah like the Second Amendment don't
like that First Amendment's so much and
I see them as fundamentally on American
not always intentionally so but to just
wrap up Trump Trump's genius and it's
really it's been done before by many a
dictator many a charlatan his genius
with his core supporters is that he has
offer them absolution
nothing is their fault it's the fault of
the deep state it's a fault of
minorities it's a fault of the left it's
a fault of traditional Republicans it's
a fault of immigrants and his message to
them is you're not responsible whatever
failures you've had your life what are
bad choices you were somebody else's
fault he gives them somebody to blame
and at heart his core supporters aren't
builders they're their couch potato
anarchists who are just thrilled to tear
things down he is a potent destructive
force who as you observed are you
alleging that about all 46% of people
who voted for him know his core
supporters his supporters come in a lot
of different flavors but the core
supporters I see is people who have been
told so many times that they're entitled
to more
that despite their red hats saying
America great again they're not really
wild about America
in fact I'm that's it's something I
charge I would lay at the feet of it
left and the right we're an ungrateful
nation hmm we're spoiled and we're
crying out that we deserve more no we
don't we've lost that fundamental
fundamental American value the sense of
responsibility Trump is ultimately the
the theological Antichrist of our
political scene arguing that nothing is
your fault I can save you
you know Christina Greer I can't help
but say that when I listen to Colonel
Peters when he's on a good run it feels
like a combination of General Patton and
Lao Tzu and I hate to ask you to follow
that but I think you're capable because
I've heard you make many a good point as
well take us home well I think we need
to keep our eyes on two things one the
reason why Muller is investigating Trump
has to do with Russia and it's not like
we don't have elections coming up in
September in New York at least and in
November and in two years for the
presidency so we always have to make
sure that we maintain our eye on the
beacon which is is has Russia colluded
with the President of the United States
and his ilk to interfere in our
elections we cannot forget that with all
of the the the nonsense that Trump
brings in multiple times a day he's
really great at switching news stories
and he's he's done that for for several
decades now and I think the second piece
that's really important is that you know
going going over what the colonel said
Trump is masterful at being both the
hero and the victim and making his
supporters feel as though they're the
heroes and their red hats when they're
clamoring for more red meat at his his
rallies that look a lot like 1920s Klan
rallies but also that they're the
victims that again this country has not
provided them with what they are but
what they deserve
especially as white Americans because
it's Muslims Mexicans blacks who women
whoever it may be and so we have to make
sure that we stay vigilant because he
keeps going deeper and deeper into this
sense that they deserve something
as the victims but also that they're the
true Americans and the true champions
there is no such thing you know I'm over
15 generation American in this country
I'm more American than you know probably
90% of the people walking in this
country and so but we have to change our
ideology of what this country really
means and Trump unfortunately has called
into question
truths facts and the media so when we
have these conversations if he doesn't
like them he can just throw them out as
fake news and so I think we always have
to sort of keep our eye on the prize
which is this is a man who who does not
love this country and he doesn't
understand this country hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
