it's brand-new reporting tonight from
The Associated Press that emarosa
Manigault newman has more than just
audio tapes according to a person with
direct knowledge she also has a stash
apparently a big one of videos emails
text messages and other hard
documentation supporting her claims
against President Trump
this comes after she released tapes this
week already having to do with the
president possibly using racist language
and a job offer in exchange for her
shutting up basically she said she
wasn't done yet and that's apparently
true let's watch I'm not gonna be
bullied I'm not intimidated and I'm
gonna go toe-to-toe with him everything
he throws at me believe me my tapes are
much better than theirs you're going to
release more tapes
if I need to I'll do what I have to do
to protect myself don't worry I can't
well go put a great point with the New
York Times Christine embas a columnist
for The Washington Post thank you both I
like your reporting and your writing let
me go to Ken you've already reported
that she's got hundreds of tapes what do
you know how do you react to the news
that somebody's getting in the reporting
tonight in it at the associate impressed
that she's got other forms of proof of
her what she wrote in the book cause she
did say everything in the book is
documented and documental ten it was
very much consistent with her approach
which was very premeditated to come in
there with the assumption that either
she was going to try to cash in on her
experience in the form of a tell-all
book or she was going to need to protect
herself because she thought that the
Trump Trump inner circle and Donald
Trump himself had the capacity to turn
on people in this case both manifests
themselves and she is playing Trump's
tactics against him very effectively in
a way that is driving him just crazy as
you can see from his Twitter feed do you
know whether she began collecting this
documentation especially the audio tapes
when she knew he was going to be dumped
on disposed of by Trump or she did so
from the beginning I mean so far what
she's released have been more recent and
suggest that it was after she learned
that things were going south however in
very Trumpy and fashion she is
suggesting without any evidence that
there's a whole lot more out there
that's a whole lot more
blow civ because again what we've seen
thus far telling certainly it's telling
both in the content but both in the
content and also to actually hear these
things directly from some other people
in their voice but it's not bombshells
we haven't seen anything super explosive
however just like Trump suggesting he
has Barack Obama's birth certificate and
it shows he wasn't born in the US she is
suggesting that there is more here well
she is really going to make them squirm
Trump was was full of BS on his claim
she has actually provided I I disagree
but can I think they said well she has
what she's provided so far is pretty
interesting to me wanting versus Laura
babies interests I bring her $185,000
hearing for three years that's a lot of
money right through the campaign to shut
up there was no definition of what the
job was it was just money yeah we cut
yeah we kind of already knew that some
of that was going on the super PAC has
the trump back super PAC has a lot of
people who are working for it who don't
really have clear job descriptions and
sort of fit into the categories of just
hangers-on that said you're right to
hear Laura Trump actually make that
offer it is powerful and it does lead us
wanting to know what else she has I've
never heard of a job conversation where
the offer of a job is your primarily
about the money but then really a lot if
you want to give a speech now and then
that because okay you know Christine
what a job it sound like hutch to me hi
sweet amorosa it really dies you know
it's like if you want to talk if you
want to even exist it's fine but just
please don't hurt us and I think that
speaks to how important these tapes are
to trump or these tape I don't think the
general general Kelly with all his
dignity when he tried to erase her from
the scene you know please leave the
building don't cause any trouble he
won't destroy you had any idea what kind
of order of battle she had what kind of
weapons she possessed yeah it's actually
fascinating this is one of the crises
that Trump has responded to almost the
most strongly I think he tweeted about
her eight times in one day but the thing
is these tapes like really represent an
existential threat to the whole Trump MO
right which is about you know being
slippery with the true if you say x one
day why the
next you never know but when there's
hard evidence you can't do that anymore
it really throws a wrench into his whole
thing I was I'm wondering uh Ken if your
Trump and you think you're the smartest
guy in your family I think that's fair
to assume he thinks so and you got
people around these Fredo characters and
there's one in his family then aren't
quite as wiser as tough as he is and
then he finds out that Laura Bush got
taped his daughter-in-law
he's already worried about Don jr. at
the tower at the Trump Tower meeting
with the Russians I wonder if he's
worried as he goes to sleep or plays
golf this week I'm about the eighth hole
he's thinking you know what what in hell
is that woman got on my kids because
they don't know they're being taped we
already know they got something your
thoughts because that's what I think
Trump's worried about yeah he wonders if
she has the gall of what he's actually
she's already taped him - yeah and you
even hear a large Trump sort of tone in
that tape that was played that you guys
did obtain that she's saying how much he
cares for well I don't think Donna Rosa
wedded with this expectation of loyalty
or sort of a warm mutual relationship
she went in and she was butting heads
with people from the very beginning she
had a long list of folks who were kind
of on on her bad side who she had
motivation to be recording and it just
so happens that some of the tapes that
she's released thus far again though in
my opinion are not super condemnatory or
of some of the most powerful people who
are closest to Trump so yes it does it
should raise concerns about who else she
has and what she has themselves well it
was just broke Christina that the reason
that they gave $130,000 that's a lot of
money to stormy Daniels they weren't
going to give her a nickel the reason
they did is because they heard the
access how it would taste they get
spooked yeah I mean again it shows the
power of the tapes it also shows what
Trump's usual method is he was planning
to just brazen it out to completely lie
about the whole affair and then someone
had the evidence and suddenly it doesn't
work and I think that is frightening to
trump when he said against it that's not
my voice on the tape one thing we know
is what do you say there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
