Jeremy now is John McLaughlin former
acting director of the CIA Benjamin
witness is a Brookings Institution
fellow and the editor of law fair honey
presents an exploit or order reported
with NBC News and Susan Dell / Co is a
Republican strategist I want to start
with John you know I'm not sure Tom
cares where he shoots he's shooting if
anybody gets in his way he goes with
whatever that weapon he can find in this
holster he wants to arrest morosa he
wants his f via his attorney general to
just go out an arrest her suing her
isn't enough but he does know he's
allowed to yank security clearances so
that's his first weapon of choice yeah
and in this case I don't think he looks
strong and determined as he says I think
he looks thoughtless and looks a little
bit like a Mad King
I've seen this movie before and it's
never in a democracy this is what you
see when a tyrant chooses to use power
that they exclusively hold to punish
people who've spoken out against them
and frankly he's been very transparent
about this there's not much artifice in
his response he basically says the guy's
erratic following your lines I've often
thought that demagoguery is not a good
long-term career move the only one I
know who got a long term career it was
Franco the rest of them all died
hideously your thoughts Ben yeah so I
the other problem with this is it's not
gonna work because you can revoke the
security clearances unilaterally of
people who are out of government and who
aren't actively using them anyway but
the problem with revoking security
clearances as a strategy for dealing
with your political problems is that
most of the people who have them
actually need them to do jobs that
they're doing in the service of you and
so you know what are you gonna do you
sound like governing the country if you
want to run the CIA you gotta have some
people with that long term in years
thank you so serious Heidi I just think
he reaches for the reach of a weapon the
one that apparently heated with her
reporting now is that he loves any power
he can get because I think there are
moments when we need to remind people
that Trump's presidency is
in itself a grand experiment in the
American experience never had a
president without public service
experience never had a president without
government experience military
experience and actually never had a
president with no accountability even
within as a businessman he was a sole
proprietor he didn't he wasn't
accountable to a board or to
shareholders we just thought that he
would learn and respect the norms that
have been established throughout the
history of this country and here's why
people are you talk about Franco and
other dictators here's why we're having
that discussion people compared his some
of his moves to Nixon having an enemies
list this is why we're moving from
Nixonian
to people saying creeping
authoritarianism because Nixon at least
knew enough to be embarrassed of his
enemies like John said they were his
enemies not the state of it this guy
said yeah he says they're enemies of the
people
sue said here's a thought I think Trump
is back on his heels for the first time
in his presidency I think he's acting in
reaction I think everything he's doing
now what Brennan is reacting against
Omarosa
and more amra amaurosis got a lot more
ammo than he's ever thought of this is a
person who is created in terms of
tactics she's got more - apparently we
get to in the next segment she's got
emails she's got all kinds of document
date video film the tape she's got
everything she's got what we're going to
get to a lot of this stuff but she's got
a hell of an arsenal and I think he's
reacting I think Brennan paid the price
for amaurosis assault we just found out
today
for example that Michael Cohen began his
payoff to stormy Daniels Stephanie
Clifford paying her off because of the
Access Hollywood tapes tapes scare Trump
because it's not fake news it's real
it's existent your thoughts you know
this guy well first I agree with you
100% Donald Trump is back on his heels
and he's like a kid like a cornered
animal who will just keep striking out
and especially when it comes to amarosa
because he knows what she's capable of
and I do think that now that we hear
about more tapes that is or videos and
videos emails everything that has got to
concern him but
also let's not forget whenever he goes
after whether it's Karen McDougal stormy
Daniels or even amorosa his his bite his
bark is way worse than his bite none of
these non-disclosure agreements have
held up yet that's also something he's
very much aware of but I agree he went
after Brennan and once again Chris this
man who is weak and petty not
surprisingly put himself before country
because that's what he's doing when he's
looking to revoke these security
clearances it is all about himself and
nothing to do with the security of this
country well he occasionally for his own
good or to offer a song that he admits
such Trump has admitted he took action
against Brennan because the Russia probe
but as I mentioned this also appears to
be an alternate ulterior motive and
making that announcement this week as
the Washington Post this reported Trump
made his decision weeks ago about
Britain however senior advisors
including Sarah centers recommended the
president they announced their action
Wednesday amid an onslaught of news
coverage from former Trump aide morosa
Manigault Newman's new book John I know
you're concerned about your institution
the CIA and the government of the United
States this present is primarily
concerned about covering his but yeah
you know they'll use anything I think
that's why you see the signatures of all
of these people on these letters yeah
it's because all of them particularly
the directors and deputy directors have
had governing responsibilities they've
had responsibility for granting these
clearances or sometimes adjudicating
them for revoking them on occasion and
they've had to do that under the law
they've had to do it fairly they've had
to do it with integrity and they've know
that it affects the it affects the
security of the United States it's never
been done in my memory for any political
reason in fact do it for that reason and
you're gonna end up in court now the
president has the authority to do it I
don't think he should because this is
all all of this is governed by executive
order this is legislation so this is an
area that he can seize upon although I
think it will rebound on him hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up
date with the videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
