man affords tax and bank fraud trial is
going to stretch into another week the
jury isn't ready to deliver a verdict
yet they've just gone home for the day
asking to be released early on this
summer Friday and while the jury was
deliberating today president Trump said
this when asked about whether he would
pardon Paul Manafort I don't talk about
that I don't talk about that I think the
whole manner for trial is very sad when
you look at what's going on there I
think it's a very sad day for our
country he worked for me for a very
short period of time but you know what
he happens to be a very good person a
very good person who was facing 18
counts of tax and bank fraud and could
spend the rest of his life in jail if
the jury convicts him joining us now NBC
News national security and justice
reporter Julia Ainsley from outside the
courthouse along with Chuck Rosenberg
MSNBC contributor and former US attorney
and senior FBI official so Julia even
though today ended a bit early it was
still a pretty interesting day the jury
asked to go home early and then the
judge announced that not only or that he
is getting death threats and he's
concerned about the well-being of the
jurors as well that's right Katie so
right now we're in a weekend recess
they'll come back at 9:30 on Monday they
continue these deliberations
what's clear so far is that this is a
jury that wants to take its time the
complicated case it's not like you can
it's a kids of a smoking gun and someone
being in one place at one time this is
more complicated when it comes to tax
and bank fraud if 18 counts some are
conspiracy to commit a crime some is
committing the crime itself and by the
questions I asked yesterday particularly
about the requirements for foreign
filing on foreign bank accounts it's
clear they want to be really careful
they also have mountains of documents
even more evidence and we saw during the
trial so that's a lot to go through we
saw some people coming out for periodic
breaks but for the most part they stayed
inside all day going over this so it
would make sense it would want to break
they need to break for the weekend it
seems one juror had an event they had to
get to so they left by 5:00 today
and now we are yes are hearing that the
judge is having threats I'm not sure if
they're death threats of what kind there
but definitely threat to his security he
is a US Marshal in the courtroom now and
you apparently escorts him around to
secure his safety and it's for that
reason Katie that he does not want to
reveal the names of the jurors even
after the verdict comes he wants to
protect them because he says he's been
surprised by the level of attention this
case has gotten Julia Ainsley Julia
thank you very much Chuck let's get into
this a little bit more when you're
hearing that the jury seems to be taking
its time in this case are you if you're
a prosecutor are you nervous no
prosecutors took their time to lay out a
methodical case the jury is taking its
time to review the methodical case they
laid out and one of the questions they
asked the other day struck me is really
interesting along those lines Katie they
wanted the judge to tell them of that
big stack of exhibits they had which
counts did they pertain to in a judge of
course that I can't do that you have to
do that and so they're gonna match
exhibits to encounter the indictment and
try to make sense of it they're taking
their time to get it right Harry
Lippmann was on with us yesterday and he
said there's zero chance of an acquittal
would you agree with him there's zero
chance that I will flap my arms and fly
home there is a nonzero chance of an
acquittal I think it's very likely that
they will convict I'd be surprised if
they didn't but I would hate to ascribe
a zero chance to that I know you don't
get into the politics of this all but if
they do come back with an acquittal or
if there's a hung jury what are you
worried it could do to the entire
Special Counsel investigation so legally
nothing legally it will continue as it
should because that investigation is
predicated on facts and law and those
don't change by virtue of an acquittal
politically small P politically it
matters a lot that the prosecutors win
their first public trial I'm sure
they're feeling the pressure I'm sure
that they want to bring home what they
believe is a just and guilty verdict but
facts in law don't change the president
today said he wouldn't talk about
pardoning manna fort but he did make a
point of calling him
a good guy and said it was a sad day for
this country that he was on trial in the
same sentence that he said he would not
talk about Matt afford he talked about
mana Ford and that seems kind of odd
what it was he signaling to mount afford
possibly I mean it's clear to everybody
involved that the president has that
authority if you're his defense lawyer
mana Ford's defense lawyer I knew you're
hearing that are you thinking hey this
could be something we can hold out hope
for sure you always hold out hope I
gather I'm sure they're also holding out
hope for an acquittal on that point
please remember I think it's important
for your viewers to know to be acquitted
in a federal trial the jury has to be
unanimous twelve oh just like they have
to be unanimous to convict so you know
back to Harry's point for just a moment
I think it much more likely highly
likely they will convict running the
table and getting acquitted on 18 counts
seems very unlikely and so this is a
financial crimes case we would not be
paying attention to it if Paul Manafort
was not the president's former campaign
chairman and if this was not being done
by the entire by the special counsel
that's were investigating Russia it is a
bit of a side issue for Robert Muller's
team it doesn't fit neatly into the
Russia investigation which is why I
think people are looking at this trial
and looking for any hints and and the
fact that a couple of bench discussions
were sealed I think there are folks out
there or there are folks out there
looking at that and saying that's
because maybe Gates's testimony pertains
to the investigation going forward and
are wondering how this trial might tie
into everything else
so the case itself the things with which
Matt afford is charged don't seem to be
at the heart of the Russia interference
investigation but I think this is an
important but Katie
what does mana Ford know based on his
time in the Trump campaign and in the
Trump war vet that's what Mahler and his
investigators want this is a means
perhaps to that end is it appropriate to
charge him with this stuff absolutely
why because he committed these crimes
how do we know that well I mean the
documentary evidence it's pretty strong
but they want something else
to turn him to get him to talk look
prosecutors are trying to turn anybody
who has truthful information that will
further an investigation so I hate to
turn that question on you but if he has
truthful information that will help the
investigation you bet they we're not
even sure that they are trying to turn
him though I mean it could just be that
they're trying to they could just be
trying to convict them and it could be
that he has no information about anyone
else but that strikes me as unlikely
Paul Manafort when he took the job there
has been coming out in these in this
court trial evidence said that he had
financial problems he was late on his
payments to American Express there's
talk about the money healed owed Oleg
Deripaska the Russian oligarch when he
took on the Trump campaign job and
didn't take any money for that job I
know we've talked about this before but
it does seem like it's something that
would be if I were a federal prosecutor
and I'm not but if I were a federal
prosecutor would make my ears perk up
I'd want to know more about that well
you'd be a good federal prosecutor of
Canada and they absolutely want to know
more and I am certain that if they
convict him they will try to still get
him to cooperate look we're willing as
prosecutors to take cooperation at many
different stages ideally is much much
earlier than this but if after a
conviction and I believe there will be
one at least on some large number of
counts he's willing to cooperate with
the prosecutors take it you bet Chuck
Rosenberg Chuck it's so great to have
you thanks for sticking around with us
today we appreciate the pleasure can
join your weekend hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC
you get more beat the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
