joining me now is Eric Prince a former
Navy SEAL the founder of Blackwater and
the former firm that had faced years of
investigations for its role in Iraq no
longer exists he has now launched a new
security organization and he's pushing
for the privatization of the war in
Afghanistan mr. Prince thank you
thank you much for being here what would
be the advantages of privatizing given
all the objections from the Pentagon
from the State Department from the rest
of military first of all privatization
is a loaded term right there's right now
there's 15,000 US troops and another
30,000 contractors all I need my plan
would say 2,000 US Special Forces remain
and about 6,000 contractors so by any
stretch that is a severe reduction in
manpower and certainly in spending right
now America this year 2019 will spend
sixty two billion dollars just in
Afghanistan that's more than the entire
UK defense budget so if people are
concerned about domestic spending or
budget deficits or the fact that we have
Americans dying fighting and dying there
now as recently as last week who were
infants when the twin towers came down
we now have our first multi-generational
war and I'm trying to get a
rationalization of it what worked after
9/11 were a few CIA officers a few
Special Forces and some air support and
they devastated the Taliban in a matter
of weeks if we when we shifted six
months after 9/11 to a very conventional
battle plan effectively repeating what
the Soviet battle plan was in the 1980s
we have been losing ever since we've
been losing blood and treasure and just
as recently as this week when you have
four simultaneous attacks across the
country killing 350 Afghans and blowing
up 50 kids in Kabul who are studying for
exams that is not what winning looks
like despite the fact that secretary
Pompey was there last month saying that
we are making good progress there are
all sorts of arguments from the Pentagon
that they're making progress let me
share with you some criticism of your
plan Shaun McFate in Politico magazine
I'm sure you've seen this it is a piece
called I was a mercenary trust me Eric
Prince's plan is garbage tough words
princes and amateur and makes rookie
mistakes which is probably why the
generals laughed at him somehow he
believes 6,000 mercenary
in a small air force can solve
Afghanistan's problems this is magical
thinking NATO could not succeed with
140,000 troops eight years ago when the
Taliban was in retreat sure give you a
chance to respond easy in the days after
9/11 if we can remember back that far 17
years ago you had the national security
cabinet huddled at Camp David and the
best the Pentagon came up with was
missiles bombing and a conventional
invasion through Pakistan with 40,000
people and they didn't want to do it
while the Pentagon was still smoldering
for another six months
so again a conventional plan that didn't
work then and still hasn't worked verses
a small unconventional plan does work
every Special Forces officer I talked to
if you if you ask them honestly they'll
say that is the approach that works they
might not like my plan specifically but
small and unconventional and and living
with and working with the Afghans is the
only way to do it so the United States
right we've been sending troops there
for 17 years they send them for six
seven eight months maybe a year those
troops spend the first few months
getting to learn the area a few months
very productive the last couple months
making sure everybody comes home and
then we lift that unit out send them
home and send a new one in with no
continuity now there are 30 times now
but we have been sending people back for
a recurring torez which our militia
that's like working in Miami versus
working in Columbus Ohio in the same
area but let me ask you this what about
oversight what about a you know the
chain of command if you're had private
no right now you do have one company for
private security that is licensed in
Hong Kong you train in a rented facility
in Beijing you've graduated at least
5,000 from there already
Oh mmm no not the company that I have
anything to do with has not done
anything like that no acquaintance we've
Gordon no we've graduated 20 or 30
employees how cool is that school has
social materials claims that prior to
our involvement German look and you're
in November when you were giving the the
giving them a commencement message on
skype correct those relations those are
the first 20 company employees that's it
and
'we going back to Afghanistan the
problem is we have no continuity of
troops so we have again they they deploy
and they say but there's a chain of
command of course there's a chain of
command and and the same would there be
a chain of command if we believe in
empowering the Afghans putting
contractors that live with train with
and fight with their Afghan counterparts
under Afghan rules of engagement if we
really as the United States want to
stand up the Afghan government as a
sovereign force putting a structural
support that supports the Afghan units
in the field not from a headquarters but
in the field wherever those units are
just this week okay you had multiple
Afghan units that were run over and in
some cases didn't get air support for
three and four days until they were
finally surrendered or slaughtered this
approach fixes that how does not a
private army it is a very clear
delineation of who's in charge okay
Afghan government working for a US
government official funded by the United
States at a fraction of a fraction of
the cost coursing now all up this is
about a three and a half billion dollar
package saving more than fifty fifty two
billion let me ask you how do you get
your message through to the president
Steve ban is no longer insider you do
have others advocating for you is Don
junior involved Gary look the president
was right to campaign against endless
wars I think any president any candidate
right now is that your message to him
he's gonna have to overrule Jim mattis
too for this to happen if we leave if we
leave decisions on warfare solely to the
Pentagon we will be at war for now we'll
be here seventeen years your long since
been retired and we'll be fighting we'll
still be fighting in Afghanistan then
we'll have our grandchildren going - I
understand enough is enough let's
rationalize that the president's
original instincts were correct he
should have gone with them and now we're
another sixty-two billion dollars spent
sixty two billion dollars that we have
to create in sell in debt because we
don't have it let me ask you about your
own record because we know about
Blackwater but you've been you've been
questioned by the mother team you've
testified to the House Intelligence
Committee about this meeting the the
issues being raised is whether or not
you during the transition just before
the inaugural were meeting
Seychelles Islands in the Indian Ocean
with a prominent Russian connected to
Vladimir Putin whether this was a
back-channel I wanted to just get you to
respond no certainly not and I've been
very clear and I think the house was the
meeting about the house transcript was
released and people can can read it if
they want to it was a an incidental
meeting and I had no follow up with him
since then not before after you know
it's your sister who is the education
secretary in the cabinet and your big
campaign contributor is she helping you
with this not at all
entree no are you offended by the way
the president according to amaurosis
book and her interviews talks about
people like your sister with nicknames
ditzy DeVos that rude missive of a woman
I've been I've been traveling abroad and
I really don't follow the day-to-day
political comings and goings in America
I worry about bigger things well thank
you very much you bet Erik Prince thanks
for being with us today
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
