while President Trump de-friends defends
stripping security clearance from former
CIA director John Brennan he's gearing
up to revoke more clearances from his
critics and those involved in the Russia
investigation that's according to a new
report in The Washington Post but if
President Trump thought he would silence
his critics by making this move he was
wrong more than a dozen former top Intel
officials are publicly chastising the
president for his decision in a letter
thirteen former directors at the CIA and
DNI say quote insinuations and
allegations of wrongdoing on the part of
Brennan while in office are baseless the
president's action has nothing to do
with who should and should not hold
security clearances and everything to do
with an attempt to stifle free speech we
have never before seen the approval or
removal of security clearances used as a
political tool one of the letters
co-signers former acting CIA director
Mike Morell says it sends a message to
other security officials this in our
view was an intent to intimidate them
and the the risk here is that a number
of people will no longer speak out
because they'll be afraid of the
president taking action against them
that's not all the Navy admiral who
oversaw the raid that killed Osama bin
Laden is blasting the president as well
William McRaven writes in The Washington
Post quote dear mr. president former CIA
director John Brennan whose security
clearance you revoked on Wednesday is
one of the finest public servants I have
ever known
few Americans have done more to protect
this country than John he's a man of
unparalleled integrity whose honesty and
character I have never been have never
been in question except by those who
don't know him therefore I would
consider it an honor if you would revoke
my security clearance as well so I can
add my name to the list of men and women
who have spoken up against your
presidency like most Americans I had
hoped that when you became president you
would rise to the occasion and become
the leader this great nation needs a
good leader tries to embody the best
qualities of his or her organization a
good leader sets the example for others
to follow
a good leader always puts the welfare of
others before himself or herself your
leadership however has shown little of
those qualities though you through your
actions you have embarrassed us in the
eyes of our children humiliated us on
the world stage
and worst of all divided us as a nation
if you think for a moment that your
McCarthy era tactics will suppress the
voices of criticism you are sadly
mistaken the criticism will continue
until you become the leader we prayed
you would be end quote now if anyone
needs a reminder of Brennan's public
service here it is he joined the CIA in
1980 he spent most of his time as an
analyst eventually serving three
presidents both Republican and Democrat
rising through the ranks he served as
CIA chief of staff and then as deputy
executive director where he helped
establish the National Counterterrorism
Center he retired from the CIA in 2005
after 25 years with the agency to work
in the private sector in 2008 Brennan
advised then-senator Barack Obama during
his presidential campaign and then
served as President Obama's homeland
security adviser for four years Obama
nominated him to the CIA director job in
January of 2013 and he was sworn in two
months later we should note Brennan is
currently a senior national security
intelligence analyst for NBC News and
MSNBC
joining me now Joshua gelts our Senior
Director for counterterrorism at the
National Security Council under
President Obama and bill kristol
editor-at-large of the Weekly Standard
with whom we were just talking bill
there's a piece on the Weekly Standard
site arguing that Brennan is a political
hack and no hero as you mentioned before
the break you're no fan of John
Brennan's how does that square with your
view on what the president has done yeah
it doesn't at all justify what the
president has done I had lunch this week
with someone who served in the Obama in
the Bush administration very senior
levels and he was joking of a this was
before this story broke about having to
the pain of having to renew his security
clearance wheat which he had kept
throughout the Obama administration as a
matter of routine even though he had
written many pieces for the Weekly
Standard and others criticizing policies
and even personnel in the Obama
administration criticizing speeches to
the President and President Obama and so
forth so this is really I mean there's
been a very strong tradition of
bipartisanship here the regardless of
how much unless there's a genuine reason
to remove the clients you know it's part
of it it's about intimidation as people
were saying but I think part of it is
about an attempt to discredit the entire
I mean it's sort of an attack as part of
the attack on the deep state don't
believe any of these into what Trump is
telling people especially in supporters
is don't believe any of these
intelligent people they're all
your paralyzers they're all deep state
they're all just in the business of
attack me they stand up for each other
so when you next see Mike Hayden or when
you next see Bob gates are usually Leon
Panetta on I think so this is not again
I very much disapprove obviously what
Trump's done politically from his point
of view
he's there's a method to his madness I'm
afraid so Josh this is the the problem
though that if you if the attack on the
deep state continues what it does what
it's shown us in other historical
settings in other countries is that it
allows a leader and that leaders cabal
to be able to say whatever they want to
say because they fended off criticism of
the court they fended off criticism of
the civil service they've been defended
off criticism of the media they've sort
of created a bubble amongst their
supporters that say just listen to me
everybody else is sort of giving you
hogwash
it's dangerous and that's part of why I
think it's gratifying to see this
remarkable collection of voices
bipartisan some of the most
distinguished respected military and
intelligence officers who've served this
country in recent decades come out come
out quickly and come out forcefully in
defense of director Brennan and more
importantly in response to what the
president has done here because this
group knows well all of us who had
security clearances know that it's not a
perk it's not some sort of political
spoil to be given to friends of the
President and taken away from those he
doesn't like it's a serious tool to be
used for serious national security work
what happens let's just follow with your
logic here bill does the president move
forward and start to strip the clearance
of people involved in the Muller
investigation yeah well he said he would
do it to Bruce or whose lawyer at the
Justice Department and then you start
using to just go out to mid-level people
whose comments he doesn't like and start
stripping them then you really do get to
intimidation but these people don't have
the sort of job opportunities that are
John Brennan or or you know or clapper
and others happen and but you also and
you do get to an attempt to discredit
everyone I was also struck just thinking
about it a little more the president
said at one point in the the little
stand-up he did today on the before
leaving the White House but it's
terrible what they've done yeah - - it's
a Manafort of all matter for the they
that is a very characteristic
by a demagogue by someone who is the vay
there's a legal system here right he's
in effect saying this is giant
conspiracy a ton of lawyers presumably
the judges who saw it you know who
didn't dismiss the case all the
witnesses and many of them you know
people working in banks and you know and
normal jobs who've testified to the you
know honestly is apparently I would
think so you know the that kind of
rhetoric the the discredit and the Veii
is out to get you yeah that is the
paranoid style in American politics it's
the style of the demagogue and in that
respect a lot of what he does in
attacking Muller and taking away the
security clearance from Renan in
defending Manafort it's all of a piece
Josh I I sort of like bills analysis on
this being about discrediting
discrediting risk writ large anybody
involved in the Muller investigation or
the idea that Russians were involved in
the election or frankly anybody who's a
critic of the president but it's not
entirely divorced from the idea of
intimidation of those in the
intelligence and intelligence gathering
community what role does this play as
the president starts naming people like
Bruce or whom the country doesn't know
and people who maybe get more junior in
in the Justice Department or in the
intelligence system what is the actual
message that that some of these people
who are working in these jobs will take
the message seems to be speak out
against this presidency or even do your
job because of course that's what
director Brennan was doing in relation
to some of the the Russia analysis that
he was asked to do by the previous
president and so speak out do your job
do some combination of those and you
will suffer the wrath of this president
and to lose your clearance if you are in
government can radically change the
opportunities available to you of course
there are some jobs in government that
require a clearance to do them and the
opportunities outside of government that
are linked to clearances are numerous
it's not something that are that's given
out because the government is rewarding
people for government service the
government wants some people outside of
government to have those clearances to
offer continuity to help defense
contractors with the work that the
government needs done
and to chill speech is worrisome for the
speech and it's worrisome because those
are needs of this government hey MSNBC
fans thanks for checking out our
Tube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
