thing one tonight we've been talking a
lot about midterm ads but there's one we
haven't mentioned yet that the internet
has really been enjoying for the most
part I'm an easygoing guy but not when
my chronic keeps lying about my record I
split with my own party to support
funding for Trump's border wall the
liberal left wants to chop defense
spending no way I'm not into a fair
fight I'm about giving our troops the
edge I voted to extend the Bush tax cuts
and Mike Braun he ships jobs to China
we've got to cut that out I'm Joe
Donnelly I approve this message okay so
there's a whole lot going on there and a
lot to work with for Senator Dolly's
opponent whose campaign quickly posted
this remix for the most part I'm an
easygoing guy but not with my chronic
keeps lying about my record
we've got to cut that out okay
that's not bad slightly creepy but
there's much much more and it's
particularly VP and that's thing too in
60 seconds there are times during the
Trump era when it feels like we're all
living through an extremely long episode
of veep the crazy White House comedy on
HBO but a new campaign ad from Indiana
Senator Joe Donnelly takes this to a
whole new level is it possible he
purposely remade a Jonah Ryan ad Selina
Meyer thinks she can jump our prosperity
our dignity and our stature around the
world
well someone is job and back I'm
generating boat for Jonah Ryan future
president Meyer down Desai's my name is
Jonah Ryan and I approve this message
I mean they're practically identical
down to the plaid shirts and the bad
chopping puns we can only hope that
someday we'll get Donnelly's
behind-the-scenes footage - hello there
I'm Jonah Ryan
mother pieces Oh careful careful careful
I think the problems that you lack
upper-body strength
oh why if I get chopping aborted the
21st century really use it anymore work
fine and I grew up right here in the
awesome state of New Hampshire
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
