Nancy let me turn to you and as I do I
want to put up the president's tweets
this morning because this is what he's
talking about this clearly has his
attention we know that he cared a lot
about this he says basically we're not
going to do this until we can get the
cost way down now we can buy some more
jets and he talks about attending that
other parade on November 11th what do
you make of these tweets by the
president is this another case of the
president sort of creating an issue and
then taking credit for fixing it himself
yeah he likes to do that and I also
could see part of the sort of part of
the delay in the military parade being
in the lack of preparations just being
his own administration official slow
walking him on this a lot of times what
we've seen at the White House is if
advisors don't really like what he's
proposed or they think it's far-fetched
they'll sort of nod and say yes yes
we'll do that and then there won't be
preparations or they'll delay and I
could see this being another example of
that too and now the president Trump can
say to his supporters oh we're not going
to do it because it cost too much and
I'm a fiscal conservative and my
colleague Peter Alexander on top of this
as well overnight he got this statement
from the American Legion let me read
this to you it says the American Legion
appreciates that our president wants to
show in a dramatic fashion our nation's
support for our troops however until
such time as we can celebrate victory in
the war on terrorism and bring our
military home we think the parade money
would be better spent fully funding the
Department of Veterans Affairs and
giving our troops and their families the
best care possible son this is something
that when the president first announced
the military was sort of scratching
their heads and saying hey let's fix the
VA first before we spend money on this
is that part of the problem for the
president here maybe that's a part
that's definitely part of it too and
this is the president that's really
taking so much pride and his support for
the military one of his biggest
accomplishments that he tells all the
time is the mass spending increase for
the Pentagon that we've gotten through
Congress he was just up in New York
earlier this week signing a defense
authorization bill that allocates money
for the Pentagon that's what he is
focused on that's what he talks about
all the time but I also want to put this
in the context as well of his kind of
track record on deficits I mean he
didn't campaign on you know he's dirty
he promised during the campaign that he
would not touch Medicare and not touch
Social Security
when he was about to sign this major
budget spending measure earlier this
year he got so much blowback from the
conservative base but deficits isn't
something that this president really has
focused on I mean one of his biggest
legislative accomplishment was a major
tax law that blows a hole in the butt in
the deficit over the next ten years
so that's the ELSA that's also the
context that we should be looking at as
well that he didn't necessarily think of
the price tag of this parade as a
problem until we saw the actual number
Johnson very quickly before we go to
break I would just point out that they
were planning to maybe do this right
after the election November 10th I think
was the date they were looking at it
will look really awful to have a big
military parade after losing the House
of Representatives what a grace Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
