I am gonna work very hard I'll go six or
seven days a week when we're sixty days
out and I will be campaigning for all of
these great people that do have a
difficult race president Trump recently
told the Wall Street Journal quote as
long as I can get out in campaign I
think Republicans are going to win it's
a lot of work for me I have to make 50
stops it's a lot so there are a lot of
people that can do that physically
fortunately I have no problem with that
and when asked if his appearances
mobilized Democratic voters the
president said this I think the
Democrats give up when I turn out if you
want to know the truth I don't think it
energizes them I think it D energizes
them
join us now from Washington Democratic
senator Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin one
of the Democrats in that race most
recent polling has you up senator by 17
points going into this fall's election
what's your sense of the energy of
Democrats in your state a state that
went by a narrow margin for president
Trump in 2016 you know I have a sense
that there's a lot of energy and it's
not just partisan energy that turnout
for our primaries earlier this week was
record-setting in terms of pure numbers
and the highest percentage of a turnout
for a primary since 2002 so the energy
is there and it's very exciting to see I
think for the last year and a half I've
seen people get involved in our
democracy in numbers that I haven't seen
in in my whole life frankly usually
around issues because right now I think
there's this sense that Washington is a
mess there's too many distractions they
want somebody working for them which is
what I've always done but focusing on
the issues that they worry about every
day or their aspirations not not the
special interests who call the shots
around Washington too much senator gene
Robinson has a question for you senator
so this does what you've just said does
that mean that for you the key this year
is is energizing and bringing out the
Democratic base as
pose to trying to appeal to say some
voters who might have but might usually
vote Democratic but went for Trump last
time you know I think it's all of the
above so let me there was a clip about
the president saying he's going to visit
all the states well the president has
visited Wisconsin since his election the
first time he came he talked he signed
his by America order right in Kenosha
Wisconsin well I've been fighting for by
America policies since I first was
elected to the House of Representatives
and because I know it's good for
Wisconsin workers and that when we use
taxpayer dollars we ought to be
supporting American workers and using
American inputs for our infrastructure
and manufacturing and so the the Trump
voter who was taken by his focus and
rhetoric during the campaign for working
people I I think they understand that
I've been working for the hard-working
Wisconsin i'ts forever
and so I I don't think you could just
separate it into the Democrats and
Republicans or Trump or not that we're
going to attract folks who are looking
at who is fighting for them and one of
the big stories coming out of Wisconsin
I think as you know was record spending
in this Senate race I've had 11 million
dollars aimed at me from out of state
billionaires from corporate special
interests
why because I stand up to them and I'm
fighting for Wisconsin that's gonna be
the clear choice because I think Leah
vote me or my opponent I they figure
she's gonna be in their pocket senator
it's Casey Han it's nice to see you this
morning I want to ask you about one
issue that has bubbled up in some other
state races notably Senator Bill Nelson
said that there was evidence of Russian
meddling already in the Florida Senate
election I'm wondering if you have been
made aware of any attempts at outside
influence in the state of Wisconsin have
you spoken with your Secretary of State
about those security concerns where does
it stand okay so I there was clear of it
after the 2016 election of both an
attempt to hack into the election
apparatus in our state didn't work but
they were rattling the doorknobs and
trying to get in and also a lot of
evidence after the fact sadly of social
media interference and misinformation
and targeting certain certain voting
groups in Wisconsin because the
administration hasn't taken the steps
that they need to to make it absolutely
clear that this will not be tolerated
because the Congress hasn't yet passed
the deter Act I have no reason to
believe that Russia is not going to be
trying to interfere now whether that's
on social media or trying again to
interfere with our election apparatus I
don't know but are you confident that
your election results are going to be
clear and unimpeachable so first of all
I've supported getting extra resources
to our election commission to beef up
their security but we do have a
predominantly paper ballot system so we
can recount by hand I'm probably most
concerned about all the reports of the
the bots if you will and the false
information and boy we've seen not only
in our own country but other countries
that a foreign adversary Russia has sown
the seeds of division this is very
harmful in a democracy and we've got to
safeguard our democracy and stand up to
the truth which is also why it's so
important to protect the mulher
investigation from interference and to
protect a free press senator there's a
new poll out that says president Trump's
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanagh has
the lowest public support since Robert
Bork was rejected back in 1987 a CNN
poll found 40 percent say the Senate
should not vote to confirm Kavanagh 37
percent say he should be confirmed 22
percent had no opinion the poll says
Cavanaugh is doing poorly among women
only 28% support his confirmation 46
percent are against it and to look at
Kavanagh's position in context he's
performing 10 to 20 points worse than
some of the
certainly confirmed justices on the high
end of the spectrum 59% supported John
Roberts in 2005 on the low end Sonia
Sotomayor had 47 percent support during
her confirmation process you've come out
senator and said you will not support
the nomination of Judge Cavanaugh
shouldn't you wait to get all the
documents in front of you shouldn't you
wait to get through the hearings before
you declare that you won't support his
nomination because that kind of thing
and it's not just you by the way
looks pretty naked ly political to a lot
of people you know Wisconsinites want a
fair independent impartial justice and
Wisconsin Heights also realized that the
cases that are going to come before the
court after the next Supreme Court
justice is confirmed is going to take a
lot of issues that they are very
concerned about up so whether people are
going to have health care coverage if
they have a pre-existing condition or a
loved one with a pre-existing condition
women's health is in the crosshairs we
have issues of whether we're going to be
able to protect clean water and clean
air and whether the next Supreme Court
justice is going to be in the pocket of
corporate special interests or fighting
for consumers and workers and so I think
Wisconsin Heights look at this record
the record that has been publicly
disclosed already there's lots of
documents I assure you and say this is
not the fair impartial jurist that we
want but do you think he deserves a
chance to answer your questions before
you've made up your mind about him well
I certainly intend to meet with him
there's a lot that I want to go over
certainly there will be hearings but you
know I also have to question the process
of who funded the organization that put
together a list for President Trump to
pick from this was not an exhaustive
search and Wisconsinites want
impartiality senator Tammy Baldwin
Democrat of Wisconsin thanks for your
time this morning we appreciate it you
still I had former intelligence
officials accused the president of
trying to stifle free speech with the
decision to strip the security clearance
of John Brennan now the Navy commander
oversaw the bin Laden raid is telling
the president to revoke his clearance as
well we'll talk about that plus re Mel
burns us with a preview of his exclusive
interview tonight with Steve Bannon ari
will be here in just a moment morning
jokes coming right back thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
