see whether if want to get you in on
this next story the increasingly open
criticism of the president by top Intel
officials likely has its roots in the
earliest days of Trump's presidency even
as he transitioned to the White House
President Trump was unsparing in his
criticism of the u.s. intelligence
committee you'll remember in December of
2016 the Washington Post reported on a
secret CIA assessment that said Russia
was trying to help Trump win the White
House the transition office responded in
part that the report came from quote the
same people that said Saddam Hussein had
weapons of mass destruction after
BuzzFeed published the steel dossier in
January President Trump erupted on
Twitter writing intelligence agencies
should never have allowed this fake news
to leak into the public one last shot at
me are we living in Nazi Germany he
asked the ecute that echo that sentiment
at his first news conference I think it
was disgraceful disgraceful that the
intelligence agencies allowed any
information that turned out to be so
false and fake-out I think it's a
disgrace and I say that and I say that
and that's something that Nazi Germany
would have done and did do that was nine
days before he was sworn into office
than the day after the inauguration he
went to CIA headquarters where he spoke
about his war with the media inflated
the size of his inauguration crowd and
gave a politically charged speech in
front of the memorial wall for officers
who gave their lives in service to the
country there is nobody that feels
stronger about the intelligence
community and the CIA and then Donald
Trump the wall behind me is very very
special probably almost everybody in
this room voted for me but I will not
ask you to raise your hands if you
so Betsy it's just worth reminding
people that the president didn't just
wake up and have an adversarial
relationship with the Intel committees
community he's been insulting them
compared them to Nazi Germany as we
heard there so this is the logical
outcome of the way he feels about some
of the leadership in those groups right
and this didn't start when he was
inaugurated as president going back over
the course of Trump's career as a public
figure
he's long harbored conspiracy theories
that relate to the way the intelligence
community functions remember he blamed
Ted Cruz's father for being involved in
the assassination of JFK JFK conspiracy
theories are closely tied to conspiracy
theories about the intelligence
community there hasn't been a conspiracy
theory Trump has encountered that he
hasn't embraced he's sort of very much
of the mind that there is a deep state
that is puppet master in the United
States a national security and foreign
policy this is something that's
concerned him going back through his
time as a public figure so he's very
much acting in character when he goes
after the intelligence community using
this kind of really incendiary rhetoric
and it's also not just President Trump
remember Rudy Giuliani who's his
attorney who speaks with his blessing
who's become the public face of his
attacks on the Moller investigation has
actually compared FBI agents to storm
troopers once again invoking that Nazi
imagery so this is something that isn't
just the President himself but it's
bleeding out through his administration
through the people who speak for him and
of course on Fox News where Sean Hannity
has really spearheaded attacks on the
quote-unquote deep state and this
campaign of try to revoke national
security clearances and that continued
last night on Fox News Admiral Sabritas
Casey mentioned general mattis's name
man you know well general Kelly as well
what are those two men thinking as they
watch this unfold and as they watch the
president I'd say it's threatened a list
of names with whom they've all worked
they've got to be just feeling it in
their heart because both of them have
worked so closely with so many people on
that list and I'll point out two names
on that list that all of us senior
military absolutely revere one is Robert
Gates former Secretary of Defense and
the other is Leon
Panetta former Secretary of Defense both
of them a Republican in a Democrat
served the country in unbelievable ways
are in no way representative of this
this false notion of a deep state and to
see their name on that list has got to
really give pause to Jim Madison John
Kelly it certainly hit me very hard when
I read that list that is the document to
focus on this morning so Admiral what
can they do about it remains the
question because we've heard that
they've been frustrated and outraged at
certain times over the course of this
administration and yet the course of the
presidency doesn't seem to change is
there some pressure they can apply if
they really are as outraged as you
suggest they may be they are going to
have to do what they have done thus far
which is try their best to present a
guardrail around an extremely impetuous
and extremely volatile president all I
can say is it's in terms of their
service it's probably like a lighthouse
you don't you don't know what would
happen if the lighthouse wasn't there to
warn the ships off the rocks maybe it
could be a lot worse I know they'll
continue to do the best they can because
they're both patriots of this country
Admiral James debris it's great to have
you with us this morning in this story
thanks so much thank you still ahead on
Morning Joe by the government's count
more than five hundred children remain
separated from their parents we'll get a
live report on what the administration
has to say about that plus a few years
ago we asked Aretha Franklin here on
Morning Joe to define the meaning of the
word diva we'll show you her answer as
we remember the life the legacy and the
voice of an American icon thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
