welcome back according to tonight's
Washington Post president Trump believes
he's coming off as strong and decisive
with how he has handled outspoken critic
John Brennan yesterday he explained to
The Wall Street Journal why Brennan's
security clearance was pulled he said
quote I call it the rigged witch-hunt
and these people let it he added so I
think it's something that had to be done
that was not among the reasons given by
his press secretary yesterday any
benefits that senior officials might
glean from consultations with mr.
Brennan are now outweighed by the risks
posed by his erratic conduct and
behavior and you probably know what
we're going here this would not be the
first time the president by blurting out
the truth about an action he took has
blown up the cover story that was laid
down and meant to explain the action in
the first place remember the Comey
firing we were told it was because of
his mistreatment of candidate Hillary
Clinton President blew that up in the
Lester Holt interview and admitted it
was about Russia the Trump Tower meeting
was about Russian adoptions until it
wasn't until Trump finally said last
week it was to quote get information on
an opponent well joining our
conversation le honing is back with us
former assistant US attorney for the
Southern District of New York former
assistant attorney general for the great
state of New Jersey and remaining with
us our Nancy cook and Aaron Blake Aaron
last night in real-time I said the
president pulled a Lester Holt wake up
to your headline Trump blurts out
another Lester Holt moment great minds
think alike this can make the job
tougher for people like press
secretaries can it not yeah it certainly
can because this has happened over and
over again it wasn't just the Trump
Tower meeting it wasn't just the Comey
firing this has been a situation in
which the people who who represent the
president either aren't allowed to talk
to him or aren't getting the straight
story from him before they're put out
there to offer the first version of a
defense I think that this is actually a
situation in which the explanation is
somewhat more damning than the Lester
Holt interview albeit on a perhaps less
problematic subject when we're talking
about the whole interview and actually
differ from some people on this a little
bit
he didn't directly say that he fired
James Comey because of the rush
investigation he said the rush
investigation
was on his mind when he did it which i
think is a different legal standard in
this case he's actually talking about
how John Brennan was somebody who led
the quote rigged witch hunt and
something had to be done about it that's
a more direct line from A to B and so I
think if you're talking about an
investigation which they need to show
that there's corrupt intent that he's
actually trying to impact the course of
how this has gone down that's actually a
more compelling set of evidence for the
prosecutors to look at now counselor
let's say you're still a Fed and let's
say you're part of the Muller team in
Washington you're looking at this
president who has these apparent moments
of clarity that torpedo cover stories
that were laid down
what do you glean from all this so Brian
this is exactly why it's so important
that Muller get a chance to sit with the
president be in an interview or in a
subpoena grand jury situation and get a
straight answer from him because he and
his team have taken both sides of every
issue and and a lot of this instruction
investigation is going to come down to
the issue of intent what was the reason
the president fired James Comey revoked
the the security clearance here and if
you have him on record saying I did it
for reason a and I did it for reason B
and they're completely inconsistent he's
got to be pinned down he's got to live
with one of those positions
somehow or another and that's why I
think this subpoena battle is going to
become so important in the months ahead
Nancy this is another one of those cases
how many people knew he had granted an
interview The Wall Street Journal was
there anyone there to prep him and keep
his his thoughts on the straight and
narrow and and to you and your sources
how much worry is there that you are
picking up in the Trump West Wing
because we're not talking about the
Trump agenda again tonight yeah I think
that you know this whole week has been
dominated basically by Omarosa and then
you know the Brennan stuff you know
they're just sort of not able to put
forward an agenda where they're talking
about things they want to heading into
the midterms because there's the rush of
stuff that keeps coming up the mana for
trial and you can see I think that's the
real tension in the West Wing right now
you know the president is very jacked up
about the midterms and feels like he
plays this
very key role in helping to sway
Republicans towards Republican
candidates whether or not that's true
actually remains to be seen but that is
how he is sort of portraying himself and
there's a tension with him wanting to do
that versus all of these other things
that really threatened to swamp his
administration including his own
admissions about why he's actually doing
things and I think it also speaks to how
little people in the White House
sometimes know about what's actually
happening I think sometimes the
president is much more truthful with
people outside the White House even on
his Twitter feed than he is with his own
senior aides
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
