you know amorosa continued today the
former White House age released another
tape this one it hit closer to home for
Trump
Omarosa played an audio recording of the
president's daughter-in-law
Laura Trump offering her eye morosa a
job to keep her quiet you get it if you
will a hush payment in the audio Laura
Trump refers to an article posted the
day before that suggests that sound good
for you morosa chose to share several
excerpts of a longer recording NBC News
we listen to the tape and full and the
clips are in proper context large Trump
responded to the recording coming out
today with this statement one with the
woman I shared a connection with amorosa
as a friend and a campaign sister and
I'm absolutely shocked and saddened by
her betrayal and violation on a deeply
personal level well Omarosa said she saw
this as a way to buy her silence
I saw this as an attempt to buy my
silence to censor me and to pay me off
$15,000 per month by the campaign you
saw this as hush money absolutely he
thought you know that I could be
disposed of but Donald Trump is wrong
why my roses tapes have left some White
House staffers on edge to put it lightly
one former Trump aide told POLITICO
people are terrified absolutely
terrified for more I'm Johnny Carney I
wrote that piece for Politico and
Timothy O'Bryan executive editor of
Bloomberg opinion thank you both for
joining us look I don't think it takes a
lot of analysis if I were sitting on a
jury and I heard that tape I'd say
they're buying her silence in fact I'd
put it together with evidence we had
before the general Kelly and kicking her
out the door basically tried to
intimidate her there they didn't think
the intimidation was working based on
what they're hearing her say we better
buyer you know I thought this was more
Damon in the Kelly tape to be honest the
Kelly tape there there it sounded like
him she says it was an intimidation he
was threatening her there are exits
where you say we want to make this
friendly for everyone and it's not a
open threat this was clearly an offer of
cash directly in response to New York
Times no mention of duties by the way
it's just money and I've never heard of
jobs will you take this money say what
her role like it was just money and
directly referenced about that in in
response to New York Times article so
this I think so far what she's doled out
Trickle that was the most damning thing
we do what do you make it stick with you
person what do you make up Trump using a
family member in law a daughter in law
to play this role I'm as a cutout as we
say in the world you get somebody not
you did with Trump wasn't gonna car up
say I give you 15 K as they put it a
month to keep quiet he wanted to have a
little plausible deniability
you know I told my daughter law to take
care of her help her out I don't know if
we can say that Trump directed at Lara
Trump has been incredibly involved with
the campaign for her she had the lease
on that kind of money I don't I don't
know obviously she just stood with that
with Tempe she just say yeah good check
it's not her money it's little donors
but for Trump it's always a family
affair
what do you make of this whole mo of
Trump is daughter out there doling out
15k a month to basically not do anything
of course anything of course they were
trying to buy her silence this is this
is a family affair and I think you've
seen in Lara Trump she's learned the
knee of other people who have been doing
this has happened with stormy Daniels it
happened with with Karen McDougal if you
don't have anything to hide and you're
not concerned with anything that you're
doing in the White House or outside the
White House you don't have to pay people
off to keep them quiet it for starters
the Trump administration could just try
to follow ethics laws and they could
just try to avoid stepping into
controversy every other day but because
they can't they're running around buying
people silence I think the other
interesting thing about what Laura Trump
said is she actually never denied that
she made an offer of money she just
simply said that the tape was a fraud
and and and and sort of left it at that
and that she was disappointed but they
haven't stepped back from the idea that
they put money on the table and and
there's nothing else they would be
hiring Omarosa to do she suggested maybe
some speaking gigs with by and large it
was we will give you fifteen thousand
dollars a month to hang around
Washington and be nice well according to
Vanity Fair President Trump is so
angered by the book that he told
advisors that he wants Attorney
General's F's Jeff Sessions to have Mary
goat Newman arrested NBC hasn't been
able to match that story in the
reporting yet amorosa was asked about
that allegation today are you concerned
at all about being arrested
well what mr. Nixon I mean mr. Trump
does will be brought to light every
action that he takes against me
jeopardizes him and his presidency so I
think that you should watch his behavior
and how he's unraveling and I don't have
any fear any I don't know we talked you
know Jennifer Rubin a moment ago so he
doesn't know the Constitution is he
think he's a king I'm gonna have her
arrested her thought it would be at most
a civil action about you know a
non-disclosure but to say I'm gonna have
her arrested cuz she's saying who does
this I also haven't confirmed
rapport but we know that he wants Jeff
Sessions to do a lot of things that Jeff
Sessions don't Western and for Omarosa I
have heard you know we reported earlier
right before the book came out that she
has been taking meetings wearing
disguises and she has given a copy of
all of her tapes to family members
because she thinks she might be murdered
this is a crime this kind of kakaka what
do you make of this Tim just quickly by
the way back in 1997 Donald Trump the
citizen was asked how he treats his
enemies let's catch this when the
circumstances present themselves or if
the circumstances prevent yet present
themselves I will I will make people pay
however it is I mean but I believe in it
I believe very much in an eye for an eye
and I think a lot of other people do too
and I think foolish people don't
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
