brennon struck back by the way at the
president today in a New York Times
op-ed stating plainly mr. Trump's claims
of no collusion are in a word hogwash he
writes the only questions that remain
are whether the collusion that took
place constituted criminally liable
conspiracy or whether obstruction of
justice occurred and how many members of
Trump incorporated attempted to fraud
the government what a Newsnight join me
right now is Robert constant national
political reporter for The Washington
Post Glenn Kirchner a former federal
prosecutor Jennifer Rubin opinion writer
with the Washington Post and Eugene
Robinson a columnist with the Washington
Post let me start with Robert will go
through the list I just mentioned the
president states is using his ability to
yank security clearances from somebody
he doesn't like it also creates a story
that he could have created weeks ago but
used for a rainy day this being a rainy
day did it today it seems to me
obviously the shift attention to at
least well a lesser disadvantage he
faces in the media wars your thoughts a
president at war on all fronts Chris
talking to White House officials today
in Trump's close friends they say it's
not just about Omarosa Manigault Newman
it's about the foreign policy
establishment in both political parties
it's only Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky
who just went to Russia who seems to be
on his side and he's lashing out at
anyone who was criticizing him and
linking it to the Russia investigation
Glenn what do you think about this the
president I states has executive powers
of course over a lot of things including
security clearances his use of that
power today is it abuse I would say it's
more evidence of both criminal conduct
and corrupt intent because you know
Chris when we look at the sort of
history of what the president has done
that's made him look guilty
whether it started with you know Russia
find the 30,000 emails hey director
Comey can you lay off Flynn then he
fires director Comey then he tells
Lester Holt I was thinking about the
Russia thing when I fired director Comey
the Trump Tower meeting the cover-up of
the Trump Tower meeting just that the
giving aid and comfort to Putin in
Helsinki in plain sight and now yanking
the director of the FBI former director
of the FBI's
security clearance for just retribution
I gotta tell you Chris as a career
prosecutor I have handled countless
conspiracy and obstruction of justice
cases and I only wish I had evidence
like this to support those prosecutions
I didn't this is it's really dramatic
and it's over the top Jennifer I'm not a
lawyer but I'm a student of Trump and
I've watched him his wily ways and he
has a number of weapons one of them is
glittering objects if he sees he's in
trouble unknown topic
he holds something out here even if it
embarrasses him less than this other
thing and there he is admitting I think
Glenn's right it's robbery in plain
sight he says go ahead not only did I
take away the guy's security clearance
the former CIA director I did it because
I don't like him on the Russian front
because Isaac used me but he also gets
away from the face of amorosa who was
killing I'm in the media right Donald
Trump's world is the media so if he
distracts some of us for a day that's a
win that is not a win in a court of law
he is not obviating this problem he's
deepening it for exactly the reasons
that Glenn said he is on television to a
major newspaper just like he did with
Leicester hen confessing his corrupt
intent what is it he can't help himself
because he can't help himself and he
cannot get it through his head that he
can't do that as president of the United
States he thinks whatever he wants to do
is fine he's president he has no
conception of the Constitution no
conception of limits on his powers and
he cannot believe that it could possibly
be illegal for him to get rid of these
people because that's stupid Russia
investigation can he take a copy of the
Constitution to bed with them some night
no I don't think you know look the
interesting thing is that to me this is
a clear abuse of power right I mean you
could you could call it that I don't
know if it's illegal or not the
president has wide-ranging powers over
security clearances but you can only
call this an abuse of power which was
one of the counts of the and beat one of
the impeachment articles against that
was being grown up against Richard Nixon
you know this Congress this
republican-led Congress will never
acknowledge that this clear abuse of
power took place and that it is what it
is
they will never broad what I see to be a
very bright line connecting those two
concepts they'll never do they're a
bunch of rabbits racing back that are
little holes every time trumpets
question anyway in an opinion piece
here's a man of courage in the
Washington Post late today the retired
Admiral of Navy admiral who oversaw the
raid that killed Osama bin Laden took
the president to task for revoking
Brennan's security clearance addressing
the president directly Admiral William
McRaven writes quote if you think for a
moment that your McCarthy era tactics
will suppress the voices of criticism
you are sadly mistaken the criticism
will continue until you become the
leader we prayed you would be most
incredibly he writes I would consider it
an honor if you would revoke my security
clearance as well so I can add my name
to the list of men and women who have
spoken up against your presidency Robert
will even that shame this president
searing criticism from a high-ranking
member of the military a highly
respected man throughout the country
well known but we still have people
inside of this administration like
general Kelly the chief of staff
general mattis the Secretary of Defense
who stand by this president there is a
this is a very military heavy
administration people from the military
in cabinet posts at a rate we haven't
seen in most previous administrations
they stand by this president yet there
are others who are speaking out it will
be interesting to see who follows
McRaven who follows Brennan right you
know I unite Deborah we talked before
the program I felt like you know I'm
Spartacus
yeah he's one of those great moments in
the movie they great movie that where
the people all stood up and said I'm him
and they all got crucified literally in
that case yes this is I think a moment
for choosing we're talking about the
Republicans have made one choice
everybody else has to make a choice too
you have to decide are you gonna behave
as shamefully as Senator John Kennedy
who was saying yeah he was right to take
away the quote Butthead this is the
names the same guy from Louisiana not
real John exactly
yes exactly are you gonna be like that
or are you gonna be a mention are you
gonna stand up for what's right are you
gonna put country before party and in
this case I have not seen more than a
couple Republicans and not even
consistently put country before party
sorry scene we seen right now just
imagine how this is being seen out at
Langley
for example and in the CIA the
intelligence professionals who are
watching the spectacle of a president
treating a former director in this
manner because he criticized him it's
kind of have it's just a tremendous
effect on on morale well hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
