speaking of Legends on the phone right
now joining us is Congressman John Lewis
of course an icon of the civil rights
movement of politics and the friend of
are--those and yeah I think congressman
Lewis about Aretha Franklin singing at
Martin Luther King Jr's funeral tell me
your memories well research just doing
what she could do best to tell the story
through music
she had the capacity the ability to live
you to make you feel better when
sometimes were feeling down she was so
wonderful so was so gifted I saw so many
occasion in Atlanta in Washington in New
York in Detroit and other places around
the country and I will never forget on
one occasion I'll never forget it was
August 1967 dr. King were having a
convention in Atlanta in a reasonable
performance that she got happy and she
just kept saying she will stop singing
and so dr. King and one of the staff
persons are going to tell the research
we have to put it on we have to end the
program and that was the Lance
performers that dr. King witness over
Teresa he loved the reason he loved her
father Reverend CL Franklin they both
are very supportive of him and
supportive of the movement and I
remember on occasions we become another
Jail and Selma other places in itself
and we would have a quarter and we're
going get one of these machines and
played three songs of Aretha Franklin
like respect you mean the respect she
may have said that and she would be
deeply missed
I love Aretha you know congressman what
Roland Martin sitting here with me was
just saying and we've been talking to al
Sharpton is how she crossed every
generation and every musical genre she
just was a universal force of nature
where she had that ability from started
singing in a former Church as a every
young girl and then learning to sing not
just rock and roll and blues and country
she did it all and she made us all feel
good she lifted our hearts and lifted
our soul if it had been Flo Rida
Franklin and her music as I said on many
occasions that's sort of like solution
it would have been like a bird without
wings
well Congressman John Lewis thank you at
this moment to call in we really
appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
