the legendary Queen of Soul Aretha
Franklin has passed away at the age of
76 she died this morning at 9:50 a.m. at
her home in Detroit surrounded by her
dearest friends and family the official
cause of death was advanced pancreatic
cancer she was an iconic figure
think about this an 18 time Grammy Award
winner and the first female inducted
into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame a
musical powerhouse with an instantly
recognizable voice that blended gospel
soul and R&B over an incredible six
decades mr. Ricca Franklin built a
legacy that is unmatched among any of
her contemporaries joining us now is
Chris Farley Wall Street Journal senior
editorial director and with us onset
president of the National Action Network
and MSNBC host the Reverend Al Sharpton
revver now we we just heard from you a
little while ago when we played that
clip of the conversation you and I had
with Carole King about some of your
memories of Aretha Franklin but
something that's really important that
may not be clear to everybody who has
danced to her songs or cried to her
songs or laughs to her songs is her her
activity as a civil rights icon as an as
an activist as a supporter and you have
some pretty specific examples of things
she's done over the years she was the
daughter of Reverend Co Franklin who was
a partner and Co activist with dr. King
dr. King first did his I have a dream
speech publicly in a speech that he did
in Detroit in June of 1963 we talked
about I have a dream that later he did
in that same August of the same year
rather in Washington and she grew up in
that household and she never left the
movement she in fact used to tell me how
she in dr. King's last year did several
cities with Harry Belafonte raising
money so dr. King could make payroll and
then from there and we're talking to 60s
from there all the way till now she was
always involved she would call me when
we were in battles and say Rev now to
explain to me the issue I'm gonna send
you some sheets in a check to help us
out
when I work with Nash Action Network she
come on my radio so she came here in 30
rock and did politics nation and she did
interviews very you know very she was
very selected right but for her to come
to the studio was not something she
would often do but she wanted to come
and show that she identified with us and
she was always concerned always
politically involved always on the
forefront of doing something but her way
she said I'm not there to lead marches
as she said with the women's movement
I'm not Gloria Steinem but I'm gonna use
my platform in my talent and believe me
to have her or give her imprimatur honor
cause it brought it to ever now as a
great story
at some point he needed some money for
something and she sent you a check and
you really needed the money I needed the
money real bad but I framed the cheque
that was a long time for I deposit it
and I told her do what I didn't tell
hourly is that she said boy haven't you
ever heard of how you can copy a cheque
and keep it and put it in the that
that's how she was she was real
committed to a lot of works and she
stood she was so proud of a President
Obama and when he had her do the
inauguration she had done others but I
think she saw it the be coming together
of her father's dream for her to be
standing there with a church hat on Hill
I mean she had a hat that became iconic
unto itself it's gonna pick Hannah and
and sing for the first black president I
know and we talked about it she was
thinking of C L Franklin and the March
as he did with dr. King she sent him a
check
I read the Franklin side to check
whatever now didn't you know you could
copy it Chris you interviewed Aretha
Franklin a number of times you were at
her 70th birthday just a few years ago
what stuck out to you the most when you
think of her her personality what would
you want us to know about the woman she
was well she was someone who contributed
so much to American music over the years
I mean he'd mentioned before that just
happens to be August 16th is a date
Elvis Presley who some people thought of
as the king of rock had died well you
know a lot of people question whether
Elvis was really the king of rock I mean
Public Enemy famously did in one of
their songs but no one questions that
Aretha Franklin is the Queen of Soul she
kept that crown for the moment it was
given to her all the way to today and I
think that will be her legacy that every
decade of her pop career she had a hit
every decade of her pop career she had a
significant album that got people
talking and all the way up to the
current decade so that's really an
amazing run of a career what what do you
think her influence is when it comes to
civil rights the Reverend I was talking
about her support of it but you know
she's sort of an icon in a lot of ways
right some of her songs are feminist
anthems they are they are civil rights
anthems what's your sense of her lasting
impact respect right now should be a
global and yes right in her music she
chains the kind of patriarchal monologue
those happening in pop music whereas men
talking about women talking about how
women looked talking about what looked
like to do to women and then said she
changed it into a more of a dialogue
where she was demanding respect she was
talking about this self-worth of women
she was projecting a very independent
spirit not only in the text of her songs
and the lyrics but also with her
lifestyle and that really shaped
American popular music and he shaped the
way we think about the relationship
between men and women in general and I
think it's also part of what she's done
as an artist
wherever now what would you want people
to know about her we don't have the
pleasure of having met her I want people
to know that as huge as she was she was
always the same authentic down-to-earth
person she loved to cook she loved to
talk about regular things and she never
lost her authenticity and she's a lesson
to all of the artists that no matter how
big you get it doesn't matter how tall
you stand it matters if your feet is
still on the ground her feet never left
the ground the second husband said I
don't know could she cook she could burn
which is
she burned that's right that's right she
means goodbye
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
