much like the president an unforced
error for Elon Musk in Tesla this
morning reports from the New York Times
and others say the SEC has now sent a
subpoena to the electric carmaker this
comes of course after musk insinuated
that financing to take the company
private was secured both Tesla and the
SEC have declined to comment
you may remember last week must tweeted
this quote I'm considering taking Tesla
private at four hundred and twenty bucks
funding secured well it turns out this
funding not exactly secured musk has
only held primary conversations with
investors specifically Saudi Arabia's
public investment fund my old friend
Jesse Westbrook is the SEC editor from
Bloomberg our HSE we have been talking
about this for a week the level of
scrutiny a CEO is under when they're
making any statements is extraordinarily
high Elon Musk who is obsessed with his
detractors with media critics and with
short sellers comes out of nowhere and
says yep we're going to go private when
the math doesn't add up and there's not
anyone to actually give him the money so
what is the SEC doing and how serious is
this subpoena well I mean this subpoena
shows that the case is progressing
pretty quickly
you know the SEC gets a lot of criticism
for moving at a snail's pace what's
interesting about this matter is it's
it's all going on in public I mean the
SEC really prefers to have their
investigations sort of under wraps but I
mean you know must made this public by
by sending these kind of insane tweets
and the SEC you know I mean in the grand
scheme of things is this you know the
biggest fraud of all time far from it
but it's been so public and his
statements were so misleading to
investors I mean you have to think the
SEC almost has to take an enforcement
action against him at least to prevent
other CEOs from doing this I mean they
can't have someone in such a
high-profile way someone so publicly
saying something that appears so wrong
and and not true they their hand is
basically forced to do something yes but
can Elon Musk get away with this because
maybe there's not regulation tied to
Twitter specifically we know
it is illegal for companies and
corporate officers to knowingly mislead
shareholders specifically if it makes
the stock move and that is what happened
here but he did it on Twitter is that
considered an official public channel in
the eyes of the SEC well if it's not
that's even worse for Musk I mean I
think that if he's not doing it in an
official public channel in which
companies are supposed to release
information that's even that's even a
worse predicament for him I really don't
think the Twitter issue is the problem
the SEC has broadly said that you know I
mean we now sort of been evolved to a
point where Twitter is almost as good as
a press release I don't think the SEC is
thrilled about that arrangement but you
know people are tweeting things all the
time I mean the problem for someone like
Musk is you know Twitter is this place
where there's sort of instant feedback
and people are criticizing him and he
can't seem to refrain from himself from
engaging I mean when a company issues a
press release analysts may say well I
don't the numbers don't add up I don't
like this but but they're not you know
they're they're not engaging in this
sort of tennis game of back and forth
where it just escalates and must seems
to say even crazier things let's put the
SEC aside how does Elon Musk get out
from under this as far as the actual
company goes shares were down more than
3% on Wednesday he does not have funding
secured saudi-arabia already made a big
investment but given where they are in
their finances their lack of
profitability the production problems
they're having with the model 3 how on
earth is Elon Musk gonna get out from
under this his back is against the wall
who's gonna show up and offer him some
extraordinary deal to go private well
what I would say about that is when you
know an executives back at the wall I
mean a lot of people on Wall Street you
know this as well as I when they when
they smell blood in the water you know
they they they they're not gonna walk
away from that necessarily they're gonna
see it as an opportunity to do a deal
that's perhaps more beneficial for them
than it is on the terms that musk would
ideally want to go public I mean I think
you know 420 dollars a share buyout
which is what he said in his initial
tweet hard to believe that he's going to
get the 420 dollars a share that he that
he was expecting
makes absolutely no sense but we do have
to remind our audience those critics
those short sellers have had a really
rough ride being short Tesla and
shareholders have done extraordinarily
well the question now is is that tale
about to change
hey there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
