Twitter CEO is standing by the company's
decision to put Infowars as Alex Jones
on a seven-day suspension
this comes after Jones urged his Twitter
followers to ready their battle rifles
as he put it against the media and video
posted to the site Twitter CEO Jack
Dorsey spoke exclusively to NBC's Lester
Holt on the raging technology war with
the alt-right conspiracy theorists and
Twitter's reasons for a temporary ban I
feel you know any any suspension whether
it be a permanent one or a temporary one
make someone think about their actions
and their behaviors and changes behavior
based out of time I don't know we we
have found that it does have the
potential to change impact and change
behavior John Hammond had it Jack Dorsey
did Jack Dorsey call your media trainer
that is just a horrible performance and
we seen ed tech CEOs traditionally do
not do well they're not from Bill Gates
to Mark Zuckerberg - now Jack Dorsey he
just sounds so kind of dopey in
responding to this and the question is
the right question Alex Jones has
created a incredibly profitable
lucrative media empire built on
conspiracy theory and hate mongering the
idea that a week's long time out is
going to change his incentive structure
is ridiculous and I think people again
you could have a very interesting debate
about what kind of a platform Twitter
should be about what the rules should be
but his argument the Dorsey argument
that by giving out shows a week time out
that that could change his behavior is
beyond absolutely Alex Jones is not an
eighth grader who got busted smoking in
the bathroom right it's just not I mean
he's a guy who is you know someone who
was like all right conspiracy theories
and and it's an amazing I will write
that this is what caused the ban and not
everything that alex is Jones has done
before I've actually met some of the
parents of the Newtown children who were
lost that has been devastating the
narrative that he created that Newtown
never happened and the pain that it's
caused some of these peers even one of
them that had to move residents gonna
say it's beyond devastating they have to
move six and seven times as conspiracy
theorists pursue them but what Alex
Jones has proven
that decisions like this no offer people
like him martyrdom in some effect he
rallies his followers around it they're
trying to silence us and shut us down
yeah and it's my biggest fear that
driving him underground
right doesn't make him go away it
creates a taboo around his what he's
pushing which makes it a little more
valuable for people and they go seek it
out and then people around this table
think well the you know the threats been
neutralized it's gone from our eyes so
we no longer have to spend any energy
debunking it and that's not the
appropriate way to deal with somebody
like this Alex Jones is not a new figure
he's been around forever nobody in this
table you know shied away from the
bunking 9/11 conspiracy theories right
you relish it you get in with it because
it's necessary to do that kind of work
I'm afraid that by offloading off
outsourcing this job the job of
journalists to media companies like
Twitter and Facebook is absolving us of
the responsibility of doing the work and
in Jack Dorsey's defense done that's the
case he made in the interview with
Lester hole which is that with people
like Alex Jones that he put the
president in this category to with his
tweet about Omarosa being a dog it's
better to have their views in the light
of day than to throw them off the
platform you have a you have a
fundamental argued issue here which is
in is the platform is Twitter is
Facebook whatever is it a newsstand or
is it a magazine or a newspaper or a
plaque so you know if you want to take
the position that we should let
everybody speak on the platform and good
speech will drive out bad speech take
that position say we're not gonna ban
anybody for saying anything unless
they're actually making threats to
people right take that position or take
the position that you're the New York
Times or NBC News where we don't put
people on our air who peddle conspiracy
theories and and and peddle hate that
would be another position but a
week-long timeout is is a is a really
uncomfortable ridiculous middle ground
between those two positions have the
courrier convictions in one direction or
the other this is not the right solution
because it doesn't solve the problem in
either direction if it's not a pause for
Twitter and Jack himself to though
because at the same time he said that
they are reviewing their approach going
forward and so I would expect that
they're actually going to come out with
potentially some new policies because
they have got to get a lid on this and
the idea of martyrdom it's also part
interesting - it will be
to see who rallies around his cause
let's remember Donald Trump up he has
appeared on his show during the campaign
and he certainly has not said anything
yet about this issue but he has
previously accused you know the media
and social media at works of being you
know biased against conservatives so if
he decides to weigh in this let's go to
a whole other level
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
