US officials are doubling down on their
tough stance toward Turkey the Trump
administration has cited national
security concerns while levying new
tariffs on the NATO ally also in the
balance the fate of American pastor
Andrew Brunson who's being detained in
Turkey vice president Pence singled out
the pastor in a tweet yesterday warning
Turkey's leadership not to test
president Trump's resolve Turkey's
president meanwhile issued his own
warning to Washington reportedly saying
the u.s. is trading a strategic NATO
ally for a priest
Democratic senator jeanne Shaheen of New
Hampshire joins us now alongside
Republican Senator James Lankford the
two lawmakers have been leading a
bipartisan effort to secure the release
of Brunson and other Americans held in
Turkey
senator Shaheen thank you for joining us
this morning let's talk just for viewers
who may not be totally dialed in to this
story who exactly pastor Brunson is and
why he's being held in Turkey well
pastor Brunson is a missionary who had
been in Turkey for over 23 years when he
was arrested in October of 2016 and he's
been charged with totally trumped-up
charges in his indictment suggesting
that he was part of the coup attempt
against president air Dewan but there's
no evidence to show that and this is a
man who loves Turkey he's raised his
kids there and this is really an effort
as we've heard President Erdogan say to
exchange our pastor pastor Brunson for
Fethullah Gulen who is the man that
president air Dewan blames for the coup
against him so it's unfortunate that we
are in this situation where it is
escalated to the point that it's not in
the best interest either of the United
States or of Turkey they should release
pastor Brunson we made some progress
when they let him out of prison and put
him under house arrest but it's time for
him to come home and for them to release
the other Americans that they're hoping
senator Langford this has really
escalated even in recent weeks here with
new tariffs levied against Turkey of her
Dewan saying that Turkish citizens
should think about boycotting Apple
products and getting rid of their
iPhones or whatever else that is what
other leverage what other pressure can
the United States apply on Turkey and
erdowan
to secure the release of pastor Brunson
something senator shaheen and I have
worked on for several months now is
putting direct sanctions on those
individuals that have actually
imprisoned Americans in Turkey some of
the officials that are going through the
trial all these fake witnesses that they
have created to be able to bring in fake
evidence as they go through the process
on it with direct sanctions on those
individuals that's one we've also had a
significant push that we have led
dealing with the f-35 now Turkey is a
NATO ally but currently they're not
acting like a NATO ally they're
imprisoning Americans and just holding
them for two years without any real
charges they've also worked with Russia
sort of purchasing what's called the
s400 it's a Russian missile defense
system that's specifically designed to
shoot down the f-35 so it seems very odd
for us to be selling the f-35 to Turkey
as they're working Russia to be able to
get Russian missile defense systems that
are not interoperable with NATO systems
so there's a lot going on with Turkey
right now and quite frankly Turkey's
unrecognizable from what they were just
three years ago when we had close
cooperation with Turkey
but over the last several years turkey
is transitioning dramatically away from
the West
senators noah rothman from commentary
magazine so as you said we're putting a
lot of pressure on air21 he does not
have the capacity to really put
reciprocal pressure on us in terms of
economic sanctions but as we saw in 2016
during the coup when the Turkish
military surrounded Incirlik airbase cut
off the power they can apply pressure to
us in a military sense do we have any
sense that anchor is preparing to
respond in that sort of a way and also
do you know how this Rao is is
resonating in NATO capitals how London
Berlin and Paris are reacting well we
still have close military cooperation
with the Turkish military and that's
important as Senator Lankford said
Turkey is a NATO ally they're an
important NATO ally they're a Muslim
country they have a very strategic
location in the Middle East and we need
to continue this close relationship that
we've
and it's in everybody's interest to try
and deal with these issues turkey needs
to release pastor Brunson and the
Americans they're holding and we need to
get our relationship back on track our
push has not been to try to push Turkey
away it's we want our friend back we
don't recognize them anymore from who
they have now become on it so we want to
continue to have this close cooperation
while they can't put leverage on us
it would hurt not only them but it would
hurt the entire region to be able to
isolate Incirlik Air Force Base hey
senator Shaheen it's John Heilemann here
we talked to Senator Lankford a second
ago before the break about his views
about the Brenin situation want to give
you a chance to weigh in on what you
think about what President Trump did
yesterday and revoking that security
clearance
whether it's warranted and what kind of
a potential precedent it sets going
forward especially with this other list
of potential Strip ease so to speak in
terms of those security clearances it
sets a terrible precedent this is
nothing more than an effort to distract
from the White House's current troubles
and to go back at and get revenge
against people who have criticized the
president the fact is it is not in this
country's national security to send a
message to our intelligence community
that they are going to be sanctioned if
they tell the president the truth we
want our intelligence community to be
willing to lay out what the facts are to
the president so he can make the best
decisions possible and what this action
does is to send a message that the
president is not going to listen if you
tell him something that he doesn't like
to hear all right senator jeanne Shaheen
and James Lang core we appreciate you
being with us this morning and thank you
for keeping us updated across these
months on how you're doing securing the
release of pastor Brunson we appreciate
it thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
