a new poll shows the majority of
Americans do not support the
presidential campaign meeting with a
hostile foreign power to obtain dirt on
a political opponent like the one that
took place at Trump Tower members of the
president's campaign in 2016
79% of those aspect when Fe Act
universities say it's never acceptable
while 12% say it is broken down by Party
69% of Republicans and 92% of Democrats
say it's never acceptable while 19
percent of Republicans and only three
percent of Democrats say it is so you me
shall start with you on this one
obviously the White House and president
Trump has said time and again this is
what political campaigns do they get out
Bo research they get dirt many people
have pointed out they don't do that from
foreign powers and the first call should
be the FBI if that's offered to you and
it looks like most Americans agree most
Americans agree that it's problematic
for a politician to seek after a foreign
government to get information the
question is whether or not it will be
what is driving people to the polls both
in the midterms and maybe in 2020 it's
in my reporting it's become a very very
partisan issue
Trump supporters see the Russia
investigation in all the ways that the
president has told them to see them he
call it a hoax they say that it's a
witch-hunt
in the same way that President Trump and
all of his aides have been able to say
on Fox News and other places to make
sure that they're laying the foundation
for people to say that that said
Democrats are obviously very concerned
about it and if they take back at least
the house you're gonna see a lot more
talk about what that means
so no I'll just say that there are so
many issues on which this is clearly a
tribe even though the the Republican
number here's the interesting number
right 19% of Republicans think it's
acceptable I'm not gonna make what do
you what I think you think is the point
I'm gonna make right now I find it
fascinating because not that 19% prior
to Donald Trump four years ago it would
have been a hundred percent of
Republicans who would have said this is
unacceptable
so there's 19 percent of Republicans who
purely because they think this is a
trick question that's tried to get him
to say something negative about Donald
Trump or saying well of course it's
acceptable I find it fascinating that
this is one of those rare questions on
which Donald Trump's 33 or 36 whatever
it is mid-30s
core base this question even Trump's
normally on indestructible base
basically split in half on this question
so it's kind of appalling the 19% find
it acceptable but sort of interesting
that that's a lot less than normally
support him on anything yeah I'm with
you there the notion now is that people
are savvy enough that they know the
pollsters game that any question becomes
a proxy for job approval and if you ask
Donald Trump if he should have the power
to dissolve media entities with which he
disagrees then they you know 40% of
Republicans will say sure just because
it is something to express solidarity
with the president so the fact that
almost 7 and 10 Republicans are saying
you know this is a bridge too far that's
kind of heartening step back a little
bit and you you have to marvel on that
in a second go ahead but we are polling
collusion right asking the public now
fact whether collusion is okay or not
that is the extent to which the Trump
administration has shifted the goal
posts away from this whole thing never
happened this is a witch-hunt this is
nonsense you're all making this all up -
yeah well so what
but here's everything we already know
that Don junior was trying to get dirt
on Hillary Clinton he said if that's
what it is great bring it on he had the
meeting we already know these facts and
here's what this is telling us is that
that 69% of Republicans say that that is
unacceptable that seeking this
information is unacceptable and yet
Trump's approval rating is still so high
among them to me tells me that the job
that Rudy Giuliani is doing in the job
that all of the people surrounding
Donald Trump are doing in terms of
spinning this investigation and
convincing people that the facts that
are being set before them are actually
not to be believed is is being sick so I
imagine that probably a lot of the seven
in ten don't believe that there was any
what I mean that's why that's a learning
that's concerning because they don't
actually believe what's already been
presented to them but I also think I
mean we hear all the time from members
of Congress when I go home I'm not asked
about Russia
I'm not asked about this issue so for
many Republicans john mayer it's it's
perhaps it's not a top-of-mind issue so
you asked him directly about collusion
they say no that's not that's not a
great idea but at the end of the day I'm
more worried about my health care and my
job and this president is doing great
things for me in that regard
sure I'm some of it is just the inherent
polarization right Redford
blew us versus them which has only been
accelerated in the Trump era where he
has turned you know a story that was
negative about him or even critically it
suddenly it's fake news it's not even
real
so that's part of this too but you're
right and I think Democrats have the
same concerns where they're trying to
figure out do we want to run on these
Russia issues do we want to run on the
idea of collusion when these are not
it's not what the voters are talking
about when they go back home and I think
that to your point I do think there's
some is a sign of some effectiveness
here how Giuliani and other Trump
surrogates have continued to just sort
of the muddy the water and they changed
the goalposts and that the the story has
shifted now we're yes it's not like well
yeah maybe there was maybe there was a
little collusion but it was like
collusion okay so quickly I just just
know I like the idea that that you know
you see as the examples the bad example
of like what would be the core that
would say it was okay for Donald Trump
to dissolve media institutions because
me is to just a super unpopular I would
like a pollster test this question how
many people in the Republican Party
think that it would be okay for Donald
Trump to dissolve their own grandparents
I'm virtually certain that if it was a
Donald Trump related question you get
like 10% that would be like Donald Trump
has the power to everyone so including
kill my parents you know like that's the
just spread to which I'm being
hyperbolic look so appalled I was just
working through it I'm trying to make
the point I think it's just I think it's
kind of a it's a test there are certain
things that that there is some number of
people who they took Noah's point that
they just here the question is the media
is trying to test my loyalty to Donald
Trump and if it's a question of blood
the Trump has the authority to do
anything they will say yes no matter
what that thing is
it's his test question if I could shoot
somebody and Fifth Avenue and they'd
stay with me that was where I was trying
to get to although bring it a little
closer to home after they get their own
parents or grandparents thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
