we're gonna begin with president Trump
revoking the security clearance of
former CIA director John Brennan White
House press secretary Sarah Sanders
announced the action yesterday by
reading a statement from the president
mr. Brennan's line and recent conduct
characterized by increasingly frenzied
commentary is wholly inconsistent with
access to the nation's most closely held
secrets and facilities the very aim of
our adversaries which is to sow division
and chaos the lengthy statement on why
the president ordered the review of
security clearances focused on the need
to protect the nation's classified
information but in a later interview
with The Wall Street Journal president
from cited Brennan as among those he
holds responsible for the Russia
investigation saying quote I call it the
rigged witch hunt
it is a sham and these people let it
trump at it so I think it's something
that had to be done on MSNBC yesterday
Brennan said the president is acting out
of fear I think he fears individuals who
could damage him damage his standing
upon the American people I look at the
way he's been referring to Muller Muller
who is a national treasure an icon
within the law enforcement and justice
communities who was doing his level best
to investigate Russian interference the
election yeah I think mr. Trump is
getting more and more concerns one more
desperate I would say more more
frightened as there is closer and closer
magnification of some of the things that
those around him have been involved in I
do believe that mr. Trump decided to
take this action as he's done with
others to try to intimidate and suppress
any criticism of him or his
administration revoking my security
clearances is his way of trying to get
back at me this is not going to deter me
at all I'm going to continue to speak
out so when the White House distributed
the president's statement had caused
some to question the timing of the
announcement as a document was dated
July 26 as you may know yesterday was
August 15th the White House
said that was just an error and it was
not meant to have any date at the top
the day before his clearance was strip
Brennan a senior national security
analyst for NBC News and MSNBC commented
on president Trump's use of the word dog
to describe former White House aide
Omarosa Brennan wrote it's astounding
how often you fail to live up to minimum
standards of decency civility and
probity seems like you will never
understand what it means to be president
nor what it takes to be a good decent
and honest person so disheartening so
dangerous for our nation so Jonathan
Lemire John Brennan of course has been
among many former Obama era national
security officials to criticize
President Trump White House has signaled
this might be coming and went through
with it yesterday right a few weeks ago
Sarah Sanders read off a list of names
suggesting the people these are they
were reviewing the security clearances
of these individuals three weeks ago was
at July 26 it suggested that this was
step they might take a step an
unprecedented step that it was discussed
yesterday a great length that when say
the George W Bush in the Iraq war there
were many critics of that movement and
that administration did not move to
strip security clearances of those who
were doing so and this is depriving of
course the American government of these
peoples expertise that these are people
who have liked Brennan of course was
near the center of the bin Laden raid
and keeping his clearance would allowed
this government to consult with him on
those matters now of course they haven't
been because he's been such a critic but
this is it feels like a punitive step
step it is purely for punishment and
that is something we have not seen
before from this president and the
timing of course is such that's drawing
such such attention that it comes amid
all of these other bad stories of a very
bad week for this White House and this
feels like they had something in their
back pocket that they wanted to drop
when no one was right but didn't his
aides say hey you know you've already
got a lot of people coming after you
gunning for you on the obstruction issue
because you keep linking people to the
Russia investigation and then he goes
out and gives this interview The Wall
Street Journal saying it had to be done
these people were all part of the rigged
witch hunt which then again just like
his tweet seems to build this case for
obstruction that he's trying to close
these people out because they were
involved in an investigation very
reminiscent of how we've seen this
before where the White House his aides
will present
story this is why this happened and the
president himself
hour or day later will say no actually
happened the other way it was about
Russia very reminiscent of the Lester
Holt interview about James Comey so John
in the statement yesterday Sarah Sanders
put other national security former
national security officials on warning
James Comey Susan Rice James clapper
among others as if to say watch out if
you don't slow down with your criticism
that's coming for you as well wouldn't
say as if to say you know it's sort of
like that's what they're saying he's
they're already coming after them
they're already on this list apparently
right the president has in mind I'll
know and I were laughing a second ago
just because there's so much of this has
taken off farcical quality I'm listen to
Heidi over there asking these questions
which are talking percent reasonable
questions in any other scenario because
these are just all the same patterns
playing out over and over again what is
this other than the Lester Holt scenario
yet again the President cannot contain
himself he will go yes just go on the
record at some point and give away the
game they say what his real motives are
he goes on the record that day that he's
trying to obfuscate or conceal what his
motives are and gives the game away but
again we've seen that before
we were laughing because of this thing
about like we didn't need to have a date
on the document was meant to be document
now I just I do want someone to explain
I would love to have them try to sit
down actually explain how a document
that was meant to be undated came to
have a date what would this or be the
circumstances in which the date would
appear on the document like a gremlin in
the computer system that would just also
happen to be the date as it's not on the
points out is the date that you know
very first raise this thing it's just
it's outrageous what they're doing the
only thing that the only thing besides
the outrageous is the whole thing just
the farcical quality of it because all
of it is so grotesquely transparent that
we have to take it seriously we should
take it seriously this has huge chilling
effect for national security officials
the the notion this is unprecedented the
notion of it emanating enemies list but
oh it's almost seems like they're going
through the motions now in trying to
come up with cover stories and because
there is no way to come up with cover
stories because what they're doing is so
obvious and the president is even really
not trying anymore he's just tell the
truth about it thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
