I will not relent when the history of
Robert Muller's investigation of the
President of the United States is
written we will surely discover that
every time president Trump's TV lawyer
Rudy Giuliani publicly threatened Robert
Muller as he did today publicly demanded
that the investigation and as he did
today
every time Rudy Giuliani did that Robert
Muller thought to himself I will not
relent history will probably tell us
that that's what Omarosa seems to be
thinking now that the president is suing
Omarosa to try to shut her up to stop
her from repeatedly going on television
and playing her secretly recorded audio
of conversations that include Trump
campaign staffers sharing the firm
belief with Omarosa that Donald Trump
has definitely said the N word and has
probably been recorded saying the N word
I will not relent starting to sound like
amaurosis motto
this week the president has never
attacked anyone more viciously than he
has attacked Omarosa this week trying to
get her to shut up I won't repeat what
he has called her the whole world knows
the words that the president has chosen
disgusting language it is Trump at his
most publicly vile but he does not seem
to be scaring Omarosa she will be back
on television tomorrow possibly with
more secret recordings she seems to be
thinking I will not relent that was the
unifying feeling that was going through
the minds of the millions and millions
and millions of people in the United
States and around the world who rose up
in resistance to President Trump the day
after he was inaugurated
I will not relent and if you criticize
Donald Trump publicly he is going to do
everything he possibly can to crush you
so the one thing you need to know about
yourself before you criticize Donald
Trump is I will not relent former CIA
director John Brennan knew exactly who
he was dealing with when he decided to
start publicly criticizing President
Trump John Brennan knows much more about
Donald Trump than Donald Trump wants him
to know John
knows much more about Donald Trump than
John Brennan can say publicly as CIA
director John Brennan was in the group
of Obama administration intelligence
officials who briefed president-elect
Trump at Trump Tower two weeks before
his inauguration that was the day that
James Comey was left alone in the room
to brief Donald Trump specifically on a
dossier that had been circulating around
Washington that described Donald Trump's
connections to Russians including an
unsubstantiated account of a night
donald trump allegedly spent at a moscow
hotel in the company of Russian
prostitutes John Brennan is now our
senior national security and
intelligence analyst for MSNBC and NBC
News and he surely knew when he began
sharply criticizing President Trump this
year that Donald Trump was going to
strike back Donald Trump was going to
hit John Brennan as hard as he could and
John Brennan has no doubt known from the
start what he would say when the day
came that Donald Trump hit John Brennan
as hard as he could and that day was
today
and John Brennan immediately said I will
not relent the straw that broke the
camel's back as Rachel was just
suggesting for Donald Trump was John
Brennan's first appearance on this
program at this hour last night here is
the last thing that John Brennan said
publicly before President Trump stripped
him of his security clearance today
first I think Donald Trump has badly
sullied the reputation of the office of
the presidency with his invective with
his constant disregard I think for human
decency as well as his befriended of
water crack leaders around the world and
his continued pursuit of relationships
to benefit himself as opposed to country
I do think that America's standing in
the world has also been tarnished but I
think even more fundamentally what he is
doing here in the United States is very
polarizing and he is I think the most
divisive president we've ever had in the
Oval Office
is feeding and fueling hatred and
animosity and misunderstandings among
Americans and so I am very concerned
when I look at some of the tweets that
are out there and commentary we are just
fighting with each other as a nation and
so today a hastily scheduled White House
press briefing began this way I'd like
to begin by reading a statement from the
President as the head of the executive
branch and commander-in-chief I have a
unique constitutional responsibility to
protect the nation's classified
information including by controlling
access to it today in fulfilling that
responsibility I've decided to revoke
the security clearance of John Brennan
former director of the Central
Intelligence Agency mr. Brennan has
recently leveraged his status as a
former high ranking official with access
to highly sensitive information to make
a series of unfounded and outrageous
allegations wild outbursts on the
internet and television about this
administration John Brennan learned of
the president's action after friends
alerted him to the White House press
briefing announcement and his first
response was on Twitter John Brennan
said this action is part of a broader
effort by mr. Trump to suppress freedom
of speech and punish critics it should
gravely worry all Americans including
intelligence professionals about the
cost of speaking out my principles are
worth far more than clearances
I will not relent John Brennan's first
interview after the White House
announcement today was by phone with
MSNBC's Nicole Wallace provoking my
security clearances is his way of trying
to get back at me but I think I have
tried to voice the concerns of millions
of Americans about mr. Trump's failures
in terms of fulfilling the
responsibilities of that sacred in
solemn office of the presidency and this
is not going to deter me at all I'm
going to continue to speak out but I am
very worried about a message that it
appears that mr. Trump is trying to send
other
including those that currently hold
security clearances within the
government I've seen this type of
behavior and actions on the part of
foreign tyrants and despot sand
autocrats for many many years during my
CIA and gnash security career I never
ever thought that I would see it here in
the United States leading off our
discussion now Steve Schmidt former
Republican strategist and Malcom Nance
author of the new book the plot to
destroy democracy they are both MSNBC
contributors and Steve Schmidt your
reaction to what the president did today
with John Brennan's security clearance
well it's an abuse of power it's
retribution against a political opponent
by the President of the United States an
autocratic president one who encourages
his followers and chants of lock her up
were locked him up against political
opponents John Brennan is an American
patriot he has served America honorably
far more honorably than Donald Trump has
and what's true about this is that when
you look at an administration where
Omarosa or Jared Kushner or Ivanka Trump
have security clearances and John
Brennan does not then you know something
is askew and a mess but look he has an
enemies list and he's clearly targeting
the enemies list and have no doubt if
Donald Trump could send out secret
police to handcuff and arrests on
Brennan perhaps me perhaps many others
who speak out against this president
have no doubt he would likely do it and
that's the point here
it's the abuse of power but also the
power that he has that he's unable to
abuse but would if he could that we
ought to be having a discussion about in
this country
Malcolm Nance what did the nation's
intelligence service lose with this
decision in terms of its ability to
confer with a former CIA director over
matters that the CIA director might have
unique knowledge well it loses a body of
knowledge it loses corporate knowledge I
want to point something out about John
Brennan and I
I know John Brennan I've met John
Brennan several times John Brennan is
the man that killed Osama bin Laden at
the order of President Barack Obama by
integrating CIA assets producing the
intelligence passing that intelligence
on to our special mission war fighters
and executing that mission
he has unique intelligence knowledge
which must be shared with his successors
and his opinion which should be brought
forth whenever this nation needs to
defend itself Donald Trump does not
concern himself with the protection of
this nation
he concerns himself with the protection
of Donald Trump and so he allows people
as Steve said people like Jared Kushner
who made contact with the Russians and
asked for secure cryptographic
communications to hide his back channel
from the CIA and the NSA he should not
be cleared John Brennan should be
cleared you know at this point John
Donald Trump has given more top-secret
information to the Russians just through
inadvertent disclosure than the
clearance that John Brennan has had so
this is an enough month let's listen
what John Brennan told Nicole Wallace
today about his service to both
Democratic and Republican presidents and
the way he thinks this is actually the
way this feels for him today let's
listen to this I served for six
presidents Republicans and three
Democrats and I don't think there was
ever a time that any intelligence or law
enforcement and ask your professional
questioned whether the president the
United States was taking their
information seriously so this is I think
a sad time we will come out from it
under it I am very confident and the
resilience of this and the strength of
this nation mr. Trump is not going to
bring this country down Steve Schmidt
John Brennan sad but confident well
Lawrence I think that one of the things
that we have to do as a country is to
recognize how abnormal all of this is
and to talk seriously with each other
about a
who is purposely divisive who pits
Americans against each other who incites
the worst instincts and the worst
impulses in the country and to look
around the world and ask a question is
the country in decline and when you look
at the signs it's hard to argue that we
are not and that there's a fundamental
choice lying ahead for the American
people in what I would argue is the most
important midterm election in American
history coming in November and then the
most important presidential election
since the election of 1864 which was
frankly a referendum on whether we would
continue to be a country or not the next
presidential election will mark a choice
for this country about whether it goes
down a path of inexorable decline or
begins an era of renewal following
Donald Trump he is right that it is a
resilient country and John Brennan is
right to have faith in America but our
inheritance that was given to us by such
sacrifice by generation of American
patriots is not an entitlement we are
not guaranteed greatness in our future
and when you have a president as
reckless as incompetent as mean-spirited
as Donald Trump when you see the
brokenness and our politics the pitting
of American against American to the
degree that we're seeing it is not
necessarily the case that everything is
going to be okay and I think there's a
real lack of imagination in the
country's mind about the damage that a
president is incompetent reckless
ignorant as this one could cause in the
world so I I appreciate the directors
optimism but I'm someone who is deeply
concerned deeply worried about the
trajectory that this vile president has
the country on let's listen tomorrow but
John Brennan told Nicole Wallace and
talking about the president's dishonesty
his lack of integrity his nastiness
especially the nastiness we've seen in
the last couple of days let's listen to
this
I must tell you that mr. Trump's
dishonesty his lack of integrity his
ambassadors that mean-spiritedness the
types of things that he has just tweeted
out of past 72 hours the terms that he
uses this is not what I think of
American presidents nor of America we're
better than this we have to be better
than this we have been a shining example
to the world and mr. Trump is letting
this country down
Malcolm Nance John Brennan pleading that
we are better than this and we are
better than this I mean we are
absolutely better than this so what
breaks my heart is that there are right
now hundreds of intelligence
watchstanders around the world watching
this program listening to these words
thinking that their careers their
dedication working in the dark their
selflessness which they asked for no
public recognition can just be tossed
away because of a political whim and if
it can happen to the highest person at
the CIA even though he's a former
director it can happen to the average
watch stander and it might be happening
I mean you know this administration
almost immediately deployed political
commissar
early on Steve Schmidt is right you know
this administration is incompetent and
their incompetence shows they're mean
list their roof their ruthlessness and
their utter villainy to a certain extent
but you know I'm in Philadelphia and
every time I come here where I was born
I'm just reminded back to that into the
to the Declaration of Independence which
addressed this at one time where where I
paraphrase you know a prince with the
characteristics as marked such as a
tyrant is unfit to be the leader of a
free people and that's where we are
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
