in this country's every citizen's right
of course not a privilege like getting a
driver's license it's a right and that
principle was clear in the Fifteenth
Amendment ratified after the Civil War
that quote the right of citizens of the
United States to vote shall not be
denied or abridged abridged on account
of race color or previous condition of
servitude the only a hundred years later
the franchise was reinforced by the
Voting Rights Act intended to ensure
equal access to the polls that was in
1965 today however that right is again
under assault rather than expand access
to the polls many in
republican-controlled state and local
governments are trying to restrict it by
making it harder to register passing
voter ID laws and closing polling
locations here's how former Vice
President Joe Biden's summed it up early
today do you believe that voter
suppression is under way
absolutely somewhere in the order of 77
in the last couple of years pieces of
legislation introduced in state
legislatures to restrict the right to
vote
we should have automatic registration
there is no no evidence of all the
studies done of widespread voter fraud
of that being a central problem in
American electoral process just not true
in Georgia it's reported more than
53,000 voter registration applications
are on hold that's right and 70 percent
of those are African Americans surprise
surprise well if you're seeking to
disenfranchise voters have readily
admitted their true intention some have
been surprisingly honest back in 2012
just six years ago the Republican leader
of the Pennsylvania House Mike tears I
made it clear that voter ID was intended
to suppress the vote for then President
Obama here he goes
voter ID which is gonna allow Governor
Romney to win the state of Pennsylvania
done
pretty clear and in 2013
Pennsylvania's Republican party chair
Robert Gleason admitted that voter ID
cut into President Obama's margins do
you think all the attention drawn to
voter ID affected last year's elections
yeah I think a little bit I think we
probably had a better election think
about this week Kaido bummer by 5%
which was big a lot of people are cited
that he he won he beat McCain by 10
percent he beat Romney by 5 percent I
think that probably photo ID had helped
a bit in that I'm joined now by former
attorney general Loretta Lynch who
served under President Obama
generally at that moment just an honor
generally but there you saw it as
amazing these Republicans pop up out of
the grass and say yeah we do it to screw
the african-american voter to help our
side yeah just say it yes yes it is
nothing new that's the fan well I just
art it with a 15th amendment because
this is an historical issue it's a
current issue
excuse me and just it's only history
because it happened to somebody else now
because it could never happen again
that's what's happening now you see the
transfer of power when people begin to
vote when their voices are heard
you see people not wanting to have that
happen you saw from the time of the
Voting Rights Act African American
registration and turnout increasing
slowly because we had to bring lawsuits
this was still not an automatic thing it
was not an easy thing and by 2010 11 12
13 you had almost parity and that's when
things began to change once Shelby
County was decided and preclearance was
moved away states went right back to
their old systems a lot of places we had
a large african-american population
going back to the cotton culture and
these whites were afraid that they'll
blacks would take over local government
but you see in these big states like
Pennsylvania the blacks are not going to
take over state government they're gonna
have the really good candidates to do it
it seems like they just do it for
partisan reasons they just say we're
gonna screw this group of voters I guess
get some water here they just seem to be
doing it for pure the race is the key
because african-americans tend to these
days to be Republican Democrats but this
new pattern just seems to be blatantly
partisan just thinking about look at
that look it's going to tell me what you
going on in Georgia right now well look
what's happening in Georgia is is
similar to what you just played in
Pennsylvania there's a there's a there's
an exciting candidate for governor and
she's coming close she's gotten
statewide appeal because of her previous
work in the state legislature so she's a
known quantity she's already crossed
that barrier of appealing to people from
all sides but the issue was always
registration and turnout and I think
there our opponent has also said that if
she can get people to turn out and
register she's got a great shot this is
always the guy in charge of registration
yes Secretary of State and he's setting
these rules and purging voters and
pointing like 50 some thousand off the
list and saying these are our
conditional now and they're in the
applications will be in doubt they will
be they will just always been about
power it's always been about who gets to
control the life of this country and who
gets to determine how we all live our
lives that's what it's always been about
and so the more people you have coming
into the electorate the more you dilute
the current power structure that's why
it's not just in the south that's why
it's not just in rural areas that's why
it is in fact anywhere you have people
who do not like the demographic changes
that we are seeing in this country what
I worry about when we even play this on
this story because we have obviously a
big proportion of African American
viewers I'm proud of that as hell I just
wonder sometimes if we scare people by
saying well I don't want to get down to
the polling booth cuz I'm gonna cause
trouble down there I don't want trouble
bla bla bla I can understand that I
don't want that intimidation factor how
do you tell a person to go out there
this is one time you're like to be pushy
don't let anybody get in your way you
have a right to vote this is absolutely
the time to be pushy this is not just a
right it is a birthright this is
something that every American is
entitled to by virtue of being here and
by being a citizen and frankly that
people who are in power who have taken
an oath to uphold this constitution set
themselves up and try and restrict it is
really disgraceful and that's that's the
real problem that we're seeing here as
well so you're right you know to say
that you don't want to intimidate people
is is great but look these laws are
designed to intimidate restricting early
voting is designed to intimidate the
voter ID laws are designed to scare
people what about
the prostitutes a subtle one for our
lines already in some of these early
voting situations they just get an
african-american neighborhood and that's
okay let's limit the number of booths
here and also they'll they'll threaten
to close the polls so that you fear that
your vote won't be counted that you
actually can't get into the voting booth
so but I got to tell you you know people
particularly minority people in this
country have been through a lot worse we
can get to two we can stand on a line we
can we can sign up and register to vote
so these are intimidation tactics
they're really designed to suppress
interest and get people get started you
know when I grew up in Philadelphia
later on when a guy who as a young adult
Frank Rizzo had made his message pretty
clear to African Americans up there they
didn't like them they outvoted white
people again that could happen again not
just minorities though you look at the
impact of the voter suppression tactics
going on in this country is primero Lee
minorities people have traditionally
been disenfranchised it's also young
people because you look at what's
happening on college campuses and the
ways in which the the college vote is
also being suppressed general look at
the camera tell people what to do this
voting season oh and make your pitch
listen you you've got to come out and
you you you can't be intimidated this is
not just our country it's our right it's
our birthright so what I want everyone
to do is find a way to get to the
registration area to the polling area
make your voice heard thank you so much
it's an honor to have you on thank you
well thank you so much hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
