I get so upset when I hear mr. Trump
denigrate the work of national security
and tells professionals when I know that
they have a very very challenging job
and juggling their professional
responsibilities along with their
personal responsibilities so this is I
think I'm the former CIA director John
Brennan had his security clearance
revoked today by a president he
criticized to me this had an eerie
memory of an enemies list these people
were being singled out to have either
des Princes revoked or in the process of
being revoked to me smacks of dick
Sounion type practices of trying to
silence anyone who's willing to
criticize this president that puts us
again in uncharted territory
senator Warner isn't the only one deeply
concerned by the president's actions
today I'm joined by another person in
charge of overseeing the nation's
intelligence activities congressman Eric
swell well Democrat from California
member of the House Intelligence
Committee and ranking member of the CIA
subcommittee congressman on one hand I
hear people who are saying this is petty
this is punitive it's distraction it's
got more to do with Omarosa than
anything else the memo was dated July
26th and brought out today it's all
weird but it's kind of more scary than
weird
good evening Allie it's certainly more
scary than weird and it's all of those
things but worse and I think the big
picture here it makes us less safe the
security clearance is not to benefit
John Brennan it's not to benefit any of
the other administration officials from
the Obama administration it's to benefit
us it's so that as people like Gina
Haspel the CIA director or Mike Pompeo
or general mattis consider threats
against the United States and actions
they have to take today they're able to
reach back and talk to people who have
faced the same threats and able to get
their candid advice that's that's why
it's in place an ally I called a former
secretary from a prior administration
and I told him I said am I overreacting
in my response to what the president is
seeking to do what he said no he said I
all the time what
on prior administration officials to get
their advice so it makes us less safe
that's what's most important John
McLaughlin made an interesting point a
few minutes ago that that and Ben Rhodes
made the point that John Brennan was in
the room he was in on the decision to go
after Osama bin Laden he was there on
the night of the raid this is actually a
guy in a world where terrorism is one of
our greatest threats that you'd want to
tap into that's right and there's a lot
of people just like John Brennan who are
speaking out against the president who
now may make this enemies list and that
means for our national security that the
list of advisers who can consult the
administration for the greatest threats
that we face will shrink to only include
sycophants of the President and again
that makes us less safe and is somebody
who looks at these threats every day on
the Intelligence Committee Ally I can
tell you that there are a number of
decisions that have to be made that
include information that prior
administration officials had access to
and where we would want their input if
it came to a life-or-death situation so
you and I have had a similar
conversation several times in which I'm
trying to get to the bottom of the
degree to which congressional oversight
you are our representatives you are the
voice of the people in the nation's
capitol the degree to which
congressional oversight can play a role
here because last month somebody asked
Paul Ryan what he thought about the
threat when this threat first came out
about revoking clearances here's what
Paul Ryan had to say about it the
president has said that he wants to
revoke security clearances from some
former national security officials who
still hold them and who have made
political remarks is it dangerous to go
down that road I think he's trolling
people honestly I bet before I get in
trouble that wasn't somebody that was
Casey who asked that question but
congressman you know that's what happens
Paul Ryan says he's trolling don't take
it too seriously it's not really that
big a deal and then it happens and then
we're left wondering this is really a
big deal it is a big deal it's time for
Paul Ryan to stand up to this president
we've all been waiting for him to do
that also senator corker when this was
proposed by the president he said this
is something that would be done in
Venezuela and so now I asked senator
corker and Senator flake other people
who have honorably spoken out against
the president
what are you going to do action wise to
make sure that this type of behavior no
longer continues because we're slipping
toward Banana Republic and they have the
power we're not helpless to stop that
from happening
congressman the official statement from
the White House today said that mr.
Brennan has recently leveraged his
status as a former high ranking official
with access to highly sensitive
information to make a series of
unfounded and outrageous allegations
wild outbursts on the internet and
television about this administration
wild outbursts things about this
administration erratic outrageous this
new who as you said we're sliding toward
a Banana Republic this is the kind of
stuff that you become accustomed to in
dictatorships where where new
governments come in and and cleanse the
the place of anybody who criticizes them
he is a private citizen now he has a
right to say it and again Ally this
clearance does not benefit former
director Brennan it benefits our
national security experts who may need
to call on former director Brennan
congressman Eric swell well always good
to see you thank you for joining on my
pleasure
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
