the day of reckoning for Paul Manafort
we can report right now that the jury is
getting the official instructions from
this judge which means they are
literally moments away from getting the
case and deliberating on Paul Manafort
fate a conviction all the charges could
give Trump's former campaign manager an
effective life sentence he's yet to face
a trial on separate charges in
Washington nor what could come down the
pike as well with or without a pardon
which is potential state charges for
related allegations like tax evasion but
what's happening now is important and
we've seen it from inside the courtroom
this is Bob Miller's first criminal
trial in this Russia probe in the scene
today was a courtroom overflowing at
maximum capacity mana Ford entered the
court with a small smile we're told his
wife was sitting directly behind him in
the first row and while I will be clear
we know nothing at this moment about
what this jury is thinking after all
this we do know what they're thinking
about eleven days of testimony financial
records and evidence suggesting mana
Ford committed crimes for years and here
is exactly how molars team closed out
their argument for jurors who might
think that mana Ford got kind of a rough
deal by stepping into the spotlight of
politics and that's how he caught so
much heat they argued you see it here on
the screen no person is above the law
and for anyone lost in the blizzard of
accounting over these last several days
they argued that the Financial Crimes do
boil down to a case about lies a little
bit more so you can judge it yourself
they say Mr Man afford lied when he had
money and he lied to get more money when
he didn't he also reminded this jury
about Manta Ford hiding his income is
alone and quote poof that magically
becomes income the prosecution then
turning to mana Ford star witness the
person who worked with him so much and
heard him potentially so much Ricketts
caught with his hand in the cookie jar
and they told these jurors except it
wasn't a cookie jar
it was a huge dumpster of foreign money
mana fort did not take this stand and
his lawyers called zero witnesses during
the trial
how many experts have noted that does
suggest a kind of weakness to their case
even though legally there's nothing
negative to be inferred from a defendant
declining to testify the jurors heard
mana for its lawyers though
out a broader argument and it's an
argument that's interesting because it
touches on something we all struggle
with in life what does it mean to know
something what does it mean to be
certain well
these jurors were told by mana forts
lawyers who didn't put on much evidence
hey it's not enough to think someone is
probably guilty or likely guilty and as
for all those debts and bills that may
have looked even more than likely well
they made a different argument and said
okay even if that's a problem I'm sure
many of us have had some trouble paying
bills so here we are tonight at an
inflection point on a night when Donald
Trump wants people to be looking at
other things and talking about other
things these jurors are gonna be talking
about one thing
was Paul Manafort involved in criminal
conspiracies while he was running the
Trump campaign this verdict could come
as early as tomorrow morning what
happens next what happens for mana Ford
and Muller in the Russia probe a lot of
that could have could basically depend
on what these people these Americans are
for all this evidence what they decide
in the coming days I'm joined now by
Ellie Hoenig who's a former federal
prosecutor in the Southern District of
New York quite a busy place in these
stories Tim O'Brien and executive editor
bloomer review the author of Trump
nation and a former defendant in a trump
lawsuit and Kim Whaley who's also of
course a former prosecutor Ellie when
you look at what happens now based on
your trial experience what do you think
is in the minds of these jurors and how
strong was the Moller closing argument I
think it was it was exactly as strong as
it needed to be Ari this is not a case
where the prosecution needed to go in
there and dazzle the jury and sometimes
there are trials where you need a little
bit of dazzle the evidence was so strong
all that the prosecution needed to do
was be solid and clear and credible and
workmen liked and I think they did that
and the line that really jumped out at
me when i when i read it i said that's
smart is when the prosecution said the
star witness in this case is the
documents and it's not it doesn't rhyme
it's not catchy but it's such an
effective seller if it doesn't rhyme I'm
not interested some people some jurors
may feel that way but you know it's
boring but effective and it gets the
attention off of Rick gates and it gets
the attention on those black-and-white
documents that the defense cannot run
from it does go to the blizzard though
Kim and that we see that they the the
motor team here both went in deep on all
of the financial chicanery
but then pulled back and closing
arguments as we see lawyers do and I
want to read more from from one of
molars lieutenants here Greg Andres who
says quote the defense mana forts asking
you to ignore your common sense mana for
told so many lies about his income he
can't keep them straight and and this
one is interesting do you really think
we need more witnesses what were they
doing there well I do have something
catchy for you which is documents don't
lie they don't die and they don't miss
remember and here we've got jurors who
have filled out tax returns and they
have applied for loans or at least
filled out forms financial forms or
credit cards etc and so they they know
that what they've done which is but say
the truth tell the truth and we also
have you know ten witnesses IRS agent
FBI age and former accountants in
addition to you know three dozen emails
confirming knowledge so so I think there
is you know a tremendous amount of
evidence in favor of the government here
and to the extent to which if we have a
hung jury which I think is unlikely it
would be for some reason other than a
doubt for which there can be a reason
which is the standard that the
government has to satisfy beyond a
reasonable doubt
mm-hmm-hmm well Tim since we're all
quoting and that was about lies there is
a saying in hip-hop that that also
exists beyond hip-hop that men lie women
lie numbers don't lie and yet Paul may
afford if he has anything in common with
Donald Trump it's in an area that you've
reported extensively on which earned you
that lawsuit which is lying about money
lying about income lying lying about you
know paperwork around deals you know
getting back to what Ellie said I do
think there is a very damning stream of
evidence here presented to this jury it
would seem to me as an outsider looking
in that there's zero chance of acquittal
here but there can be a road there's
always more there could be then you know
there could be a rogue juror in here it
could go either way you know I think
where it is now it sort of begs the
question one that if he does get
convicted
and why did mana force attorneys go to
the line on this one
and why didn't he plead out earlier and
and I think you know again Ross
speculation is he's probably
anticipating getting a pardon at some
point but if this goes against and
they're really gonna have to rethink
that whole strategy I think the other
thing to bear in mind here is there's
still another trial you know he has to
go through another trial in Washington
or in September if this if this one goes
off the rails do they delay that one and
get this one sorted out or do they deal
with this one at a later date I mean
there's a lot of balls in the air right
now
well Nellie on the pardon Washington
Post notes Trump seems to genuinely
believe or at least claim that the
investigation is unfair pardoning manna
for it would be a great way for him to
both assert control and stick it to
Muller and this is something that other
presidents including in the Iran Contra
matter you saw partners and people felt
that it was obviously looked guilty but
at that time it was it was lawful III
think re if we have a conviction here I
think we're going to enter a really
interesting sort of stare down between
the President and Paul Manafort Manafort
it's not going to just take a conviction
and go die in jail he's not that kind of
person by all reporting and so I think
he's hoping for a pardon and I think the
president is hoping to prevent him from
cooperating but he needs cover if he's
going to give a pardon and those tweets
that we've seen the last couple weeks
where the president's saying Manta fort
was is being treated unfairly I think
said a little bit of a pretext to cover
the president if he does decide to go
the pardon route no the other you know
he faces 30 years Paul Manafort is gonna
spend the rest of his life in jail if
he's convicted here he's also gonna have
to think about whether or not he's gonna
want to cooperate after if this verdict
gets handed down against him as for the
judgment that goes into this this is a
week where you've seen Donald Trump's
the judgment in hiring from Omarosa to
Paul Manafort really called into
question are these the best people well
even Donald Trump says no look at the
former campaign manager Lewandowski
talking about this very issue of oh well
we couldn't have possibly figured this
out in advance take a look
that I could have gone through to check
Paul Manafort financial stability I
couldn't call as a run a background
check
doesn't work that way the Trump campaign
was a clown rodeo Corey Lewandowski
himself was not an ideal campaign
manager he proceeded Manta fort Trump
has never built strong teams because
Trump lacks the discipline patience and
sophistication to attract a level people
and he always talks about playing
three-dimensional chess most of the time
it's more like third graders playing
bingo and and of course he didn't vet
Paul Manafort they weren't vetting
anyone they weren't oriented towards
winning the election and then putting a
high quality team in the White House I
think a lot of people hopped on the
Trump campaigns I wanted to hitch their
stars to his wagon and they ended up
with a lot of people who were either
incompetent or had bad motives Kim when
you look at this kind of case what would
you expect in the timeline of this a
jury to make a decision well I think
it'll it should be swift if it's not
Swift and I think that's really gonna be
a concern for the government but I want
to make up one kind of thing just to get
that point and then you go ahead and
you're saying that the longer they're
deliberating the worse that is for
Moeller because it suggests a holdout
and what otherwise could be a quote
slam-dunk case correct right I mean
they're gonna have the document sounds
like the there are the instructions were
read verbally which is unusual in the
instructions that set forth what hat the
government has to prove and normally a
juror go through each element and just
in compare so that might take them some
time but with this kind of evidence it
seems like it should go swiftly but what
I wanted to see what the pardon is that
well you know it's a little unclear even
if the Trump were to pardon him here
after a conviction that would not
necessarily mean that Muller couldn't
still subpoena him before the grand jury
for information about the Russian
investigation and then the question
would be if he pleads the fifth then
what does a pump part in him with
respect to his testimony it related to
the Russian investigation because
remember that's really what Muller wants
here and so in a way so long as Manta
fort doesn't talk
Trump is kind of winning in that regard
and that they still don't have mana for
its testimony relating to the broader
question of Russian collusion they have
gay
they don't have that they don't have
mental metaphor and I trust that you're
using Trump is winning loosely when you
consider that his campaign chair is on
trial that his former national security
adviser pled guilty that his deputy
campaign manager pled guilty that
several his other aides have pled guilty
it's a it's a loose form of winning yeah
well I'm talking more about the broader
political the the it's not even
political it's really a constitutional
battle between the president the
president was calling this a witch-hunt
rose attacking the Justice Department
and who's claiming that the prosecutors
have no integrity that the FBI is
corrupt that broader question I think is
is really the bigger thing that's at
stake here I was just being dry yeah
well we're in a jovial mood tonight so
that makes sense anytime we can mix this
serious with the wider lens here we at
least we try to hey I'm already Melvin
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
