another major story tonight involves
allegations the Trump White House is
abusing national security powers to
punish critics now if that sounds like a
headline from Nixon's enemies list well
tonight to our national security experts
saying it is and this also shows that
the White House is of course trying to
change the topic from what appeared to
be an increasingly tough battle a losing
battle for Trump with Omarosa or from
Paul Manafort trial which of course was
our top story tonight
- Donald Trump aiming fire at former CIA
director John Brennan one of his
harshest critics I've decided to revoke
the security clearance of John Brennan
former director of the Central
Intelligence Agency mr. Brennan has
recently leveraged his status as a
former high ranking official with access
to highly sensitive information to make
a series of unfounded and outrageous
allegations wild outbursts on the
internet and television about this
administration wild outbursts the White
House has promised similar retribution
against a host of other critics you can
see they're former officials Brennan
punching back and he's making waves
tonight right now by likening this to
the behavior of despots and autocrats
this is not going to deter me at all I'm
going to continue to speak out I've seen
this type of behavior and actions on the
part of foreign tyrants and despot sand
autocrats for many many years during my
CIA and mass security career I never
ever thought that I would see it here in
the United States I am joined by David
Freese he's a former CIA intelligence
officer and briefer who used to actually
give Bob Muller his morning intelligence
briefings the author of the president's
book of secrets and back with me is
Bloomberg's Tim O'Brien when you look at
this David how inappropriate is this
type of use of the intelligence powers
and the revoking of a classified access
I'll be blunt
this is not America John said that very
clearly when he compared this to the
acts of a foreign despot that he would
have studied as an analyst at CIA this
is not the way we operate this is
political speech by a former government
official political speech and he is
being
punished for it or at least the
president is attempting to punish him
for it the odd thing is it will probably
be counterproductive in this way I don't
know of a single senior intelligence
official or US government employee who
would feel constrained from speaking out
because of this in fact this is likely
to to motivate more of the very thing
that presumably the president is trying
to trying to prevent with this
unprecedented action so it's basically I
don't want to be I take your moral and
patriotic criticism and I think that
applies and I don't want to be too
depressing but it also seems that the
notion that this will automatically hurt
the White House is debatable as a
practical level and that what what they
are clearly trying to do is further
polarize these debates to fracture any
notion of the bipartisan Intellivision
intelligence consensus that that may
have had some leftover existence and say
that if you want to be a part of that or
have access to Intel or be a part of
that so called the brain trust that used
to exist you can't really criticize the
president and and sort of cleave the the
community in that way I take your point
that there's a false premise there which
is that the security clearance is for
the benefit of John Brennan or the list
of others the Mike Hayden's the Jim
clappers they're not getting any benefit
from this the reason they have those
security clearances as legacy former
former senior officials in the Intel
community is to make it easier for them
to consult on major issues that come up
that could benefit the current officers
there I can virtually guarantee you that
Jena Haspel like all of her predecessors
as CIA director reached out to the
former directors of Central Intelligence
to talk to them as she started her job
to say what are the things you wish you
would have known earlier and what are
the mistakes you made that I can avoid
early on those conversations can still
happen she can call in John Brennan to
her office any time she pleases but it's
a little bit easier with the security
clearance so this isn't about John
Brennan this is actually hurting the US
government by creating this this new
this new world that is hard to believe
in where your political speech affects
whether you are able to hold a security
clearance
and as you put it that speech is itself
a constitutionally protected right I
think I think you put it very well and
give us a crash course in some of the
issues here Tim when you look at this
this is also politically an example of
the kind of thing that the White House
uses to threaten to to abuse power and
then sometimes it's dismissed as well
don't give that attention as a
distraction indeed we've dug this up
speaker Ryan initially obviously I think
it's clear if a Barack Obama was doing
this to conservative former officials
speaker Ryan would have a public heart
attack a multi-day a fox news broadcast
heart attack if you will rhetorically
but he said oh well this isn't really
real so we don't have to worry about it
take a look to him calling is nothing
but trolling I think he's trolling
people honestly this is something that's
in the purview of the executive branch I
think some of these people already lost
their clearances it's not really in our
purview using people that was July here
we are in August some people are tuned
out of the news and living their lives
but it's not trolling it's using
national security powers according to
many of these experts to punished
dissent to quash dissent opposition and
and institutions remember this isn't a
week in which the last two weeks he's
called the media enemies of the people
he's routinely called Robert Mulder's
investigation a witch-hunt
at a campaign fundraiser earlier this
week he called fact checkers fact
checkers at newspapers bad people and
now he's revoking security clearances of
public servants who are members of the
law enforcement and intelligence
communities why because he's
progressively and routinely trying to
undermine the institutions in the United
States that should function in a
nonpartisan way and are part of keeping
a check on the presidency in the federal
government because he doesn't want to be
checked he doesn't want his veracity to
be examined because he's doing exactly
what people who have autocratic impulses
do which is to quash the opposition hey
I'm already melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our youtube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
