even though President Trump has yet to
speak to prosecutors himself personally
Rudy Giuliani's threatening on
consequences for special counsel Muller
if the investigation to get this isn't
wrapped up by the end of August
Giuliani told Bloomberg News if he
doesn't get it done in the next two or
three weeks we were just unloaded on him
like a ton of bricks this is Rudy
Giuliani talking it's the latest BS from
a TV lawyer who's prone to outrageous
statements flip flops and total
exaggerations in fact when Giuliani was
hired last April he promised he'd bring
the investigation to a speedy conclusion
saying I don't think it's gonna take
more than a week or two it's back in
April to get a resolution well from the
outset Giuliani has shown no regard for
consistency in his public statements
about key incidents and key witnesses
for instant instance Rudy contradicted
himself when Michael Cohen first calling
him an honest lawyer then saying he's
lied all his life let's watch I expected
something like this from comb he's been
lying all week I mean or four to live
for years because he's lied all his life
similarly Giuliani confirmed last night
that Trump told James Comey to give
Flynn a break remember that but now
Giuliani says that conversation never
happened how is he a good witness for
the president if he's saying that the
president was a scheme directing him in
his words to let the Michael son
investigation go
he didn't direct him to do that what he
said to him was can you give homie says
he the reality is as a prosecutor I was
told that many times can you give the
man a break what happened in that
conversation would call me about Michael
Flynn what exactly did President Trump
say there was no conversation about
Michael Flynn did you hear that he got
some saying well he did say give him a
break and he says that never happened
there was no such conversation he's able
to do this on national television anyway
Julie has also dangled the prospect of
presidential pardons out there only the
later walk back those assurances as he
said a Paul Manafort in June when the
whole thing is over things might get
cleaned up with some presidential
pardons last but not least we've seen
Giuliani go from denying collusion to
arguing by the way collusion isn't even
a crime well surely these daily babble
has made clear that his job is to
escape not to clarify and in doing that
job he's revealed himself to be nothing
more than a TV lawyer in a reality show
of Trump's own invention well join me
right now is Joyce Vance former US
attorney and Betsy Woodruff politics
reporter for The Daily Beast Joyce I
don't know what he is is Rudy Giuliani
an actual trial lawyer is he a guy who
goes into a courtroom and convinces a
jury and follows the rules and
procedures or he is he as clownish in
his role as his performance has been
clownish what is his role I can't
imagine we'll ever see him in court
representing the President of the United
States the sorts of arguments that he's
making are really more of a PR strategy
than a legal argument in fact lawyers
owe a duty of candor to the court that
means that when lawyers are in the
courtroom they're obligated to be
truthful if Rudy was saying this sort of
stuff in a courtroom contradicting
himself on the facts he would have
problems with the State Bar at that
point well one of us go through a couple
of points I did with with the Betsy here
he says this is gonna be over in a week
or two that was in April he says they
did talk about giving Flynt a break the
president did bring that up in that
private meeting with the FBI director
and then he says a month later I sound
like a street corner and then he says
and then he says it never happened but
the tape exists and he knows we can show
those tapes it's really perplexing
Giuliani is it would pull these things
out and say five years ago you said this
guy said it a month ago Giuliani is
acting like the human equivalent of one
big shiny object trying to distract
people from ever whatever the latest
Trump what a pharisee is I think you
have trouble saying how he's put any
sort of points on the board all he does
is throw out assertions that contradict
previous assertions do the cable news
equivalent of tossing a ninja dust and
then kind of disappear those idiots
joist in the NBA games behind the foul
the foul behind the basket waving those
stupid things is that all he is choice
he really is I think that he is a
distraction for people from whatever the
drama of the day is with Trump and by
drama I don't mean Omarosa I mean the
evidence that's beginning to amass
against the president and the people
around him and Giuliani is throw
distraction saying it's a witch-hunt
saying you can't trust Bob Muller when
in fact he knows full well that that's
not true but that's his role in this
whole little shindig Joyce did you get
his sense as an expert did you get a
sense he was coached by his client he
says one day yeah they did talk about
giving Flynn a break not not putting him
away for a couple years but giving him a
break in others dropping the case and
then he says next time well I never
talked about that was that do you think
that was the client said hey buddy
you're getting me in hot water here
you're getting me too close to the truth
here it's hard to know for sure it could
be the president coaching the lawyer
which you know we can talk about the
dysfunction of having the client telling
the lawyer what legal strategy to engage
that's one entire kettle of fish but
alternatively it could be that as
Giuliani sees the public failure of some
of the strategies he's trying he's
moving on to the next one in essence
hoping that something he throws up
against the wall will stick on Trump's
behalf hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
