when it start with Zerlina Zerlina this
african-american woman strong a
self-confidence hel and trained in this
game this reality TV game by guess who
it's now taking on mr. reality TV and
doing it in a way that it's kept our
attention on every medium every
newspaper every broadcast TV show every
cable show
she has dominated now for almost a week
I think she's got some leg left as we
say in the business a couple more days
at least of dominating a week with no
other big news she seem to have found a
news hole in which to go to pugilistic
warfare with a guy who taught her your
thoughts I think that she's been very
strategic from the beginning I think
that picking the month of August to put
a book out and a slow summer news week
was very smart but also if you think
about it think about just how many
reality stars there are there are a lot
and there are only a few that you can
actually name them by just their first
name without even their last name right
we know her as Omarosa it's it's almost
amazing to think that 15 years ago she
was on the first season of The
Apprentice and we still are talking
about her today so obviously she is
doing something right she's very media
savvy
she has staffed other people to do
interviews and so that's why you see her
prepared and on message in her
interviews and she knows their mo so
every single time they call her a liar
she presents a tape as receipts to say
nope you're the liar you know Katie
you're an expert as a reporter covering
I think you're the best of reporters
covering him and yet you and I watched
the inability of his natural political
opponents to Duke out with him he would
say you're low-energy and the guy would
like low energy and sort of fade on him
he'd say little Marco and the guy starts
throwing water around they seem to melt
in front of his assault where she
delights in it hit me again you know
come at me again mr. president I got
some I got some tapes for you
he what she wants this fight every day
your thoughts you know I would say
Ashley Parker is the best Trump Trump
reporter but on in terms of all morosa
she clearly knows his game because she
studied under him
and she's very clearly prepared for
whatever whatever he may throw at her
but it does speak to the larger
environment that Donald Trump creates
when he is either leading an
organization a campaign or a White House
it was the same in the campaign he does
inspire this blind loyalty and we saw
that from Omarosa when she was doing the
campaign and when she was in this White
House she had nothing but praise for him
but at the same time those people who
are devoted to him they do know that at
some point when they no longer have
anything to offer they're no longer
useful to him they are aware that his
loyalty toward them runs out once he
doesn't need you any longer he is more
than willing to throw you under the bus
that is why people say people like
Michael Cohen or Omarosa will say that
they record conversations of Donald
Trump that's why it's not unheard of not
necessarily because you have to have a
record of what he says because you want
to have a record of what you say as well
because you never know how he's gonna
misrepresent you and as a Peace Corp a
man once said people don't mind being
used they mind being discarded yesterday
Trump lowered the class with amarosa
calling her a human being and fellow
American a dog Ashley you reported today
that longtime Trump observers say it's a
measure of his rage and sense of
betrayal that he called Manigault Newman
that dog the president aversion to dogs
and other pets considers canine
comparisons to be among his most
devastating put down whatever but he did
choose the word and I think it hurt
Trump as much as anything he's ever said
they weren't dog it just diminished him
that's what I think yeah it absolutely
did and there was a lot of commentary
that it was racist to call her a dog but
at the very least even people who
normally defend him kind of he doesn't
call white guys dogs I think you would
cause a lot simulates he does but he
never calls them dogs so there was that
level of criticism which is something
that he's always grappling with and even
the people who say it's not racist he
insults everyone said that this is not
helpful language for him to be using
it's problematic and it gives the white
has another issue to grapple with when
they're already dealing with the fallout
of the book well let me talk about her
as a pugilist she has a face that's
obviously attractive but she has a face
that dramatizes her thinking have you
noticed
she has a dramatic face and when she
comes back you much think you're
watching who wants to get wants to
tackle this do you want to tackle it big
I think he you're watching what's she
thinking what's she doing that what's he
gonna do right now well she's a great
reality television villainous that's how
she first appeared fully formed on The
Apprentice in 2004 and this was
something that then businessman Donald
Trump loved about her he was kind of
curious how to become a celebrity and he
watched Omarosa do it at that time he
was just a sideshow curiosity you have
to keep in mind the only point he has
turned on her is when she has then
turned those same skills back on him but
for a while he sort of saw himself in
her and admired some of those qualities
they've been tell us about Trump in his
history with doing with african-american
women and also dealing with in-your-face
competitors this one seems to be bugging
him he's through resorting to nickname a
dog that's worth the nickname he's
comparing her to an animal
masu her for violation of some agreement
back in the campaign and now he's
resorting to going after poor John
Brennan the beat is headed they could
even the chase the subject it just seems
he's trying everything that to loosen
the grip she's got on him David
well she's played her cards extremely
well and I think she's playing a longer
game than we're seeing she's managed to
be in the news for a week but we may see
things that she pops up in the future
after all she got 15 years of fame out
of Donald Trump's TV show she's back at
the store tomorrow back on this network
tomorrow she goes started getting your
write-up and and she's a it made it
clear that she has lots of tapes we
don't know if those tapes go back to
before the show before the show in the
White House to the show and she also has
no controls on her except for what she
sees is advancing her role and I agree
with the other guest as a as a
villainous character and in that she
very much is Donald's match so he he and
other people in the White House should
be deeply worried about what she's got
and what what she can spill on them from
their own words
well bigger question wider aperture here
how can she do this so well when all the
people to ran against Donald Trump
especially on the Republican side not
Hillary Rodham Clinton she got in there
late but all those men that he ran
against him women he ran against seem to
be unable to take him on much less take
him down I think hold on ominous I think
she's number one she's trained under him
she studied him she's a version of him
but I wouldn't I wouldn't go so far as
to say that she's gonna be more
successful than anybody else or that was
on the campaign trail yes she's heading
back very hard but is she gonna change
the mind of anyone who voted for Donald
Trump I'm not so sure I think that the
version of Donald Trump that she is
putting out there is the version of
Donald Trump that that everybody knows I
also think that the president gives the
easy cover no we're pretty easy cover
for his supporters by painting her as a
liar and as an opportunist I'm not sure
whose mind she changes for an
out-and-out racist women and I will just
generalize women in the suburbs not sure
what's that we haven't already seen from
the President himself on his Twitter
feed or in the way he speaks about
people or we saw during the campaign a
lot of this is something I mean I am
Rosa has said some pretty spectacular
things including that the president knew
about the WikiLeaks emails before
WikiLeaks went out I don't think calling
him a racist or a misogynist is as
surprising as a revelation like that
yeah well in her interview on The Daily
Show Emma Rosa said she had been
instructed by her lawyers not to give
Trump more ammunition by giving him the
attention he loves let's take a look
there's one way to shut Donald Trump
down and that is just just don't give
him the oxygen and the oxygen comes from
the clicks the likes the shock the
discussions
well actually reports the White House
advisors have canceled the president to
hold his tongue noting several told him
to ignore her and then engaging one only
boost her book sales well Trump said
privately that first lady of Melania
Trump had advised him to stay above it
but they know he wouldn't be able to
resist well today one Fox News host
suggests that president has been
outplayed here goes in order to sell a
book she's come out with a series of
tapes and
anyway seems to have outsmarted the
president who has taken the bait and
gone out and tweeted directly after I
well Brian knows how to sell books
anyway let me get back to Ashley here
what do you think I don't know the
reporting on Trump always amazing but
you guys are able to do you find out
what somebody the Trump said that
somebody as he's walking down the
hallway I don't know how you get this
stuff you guys laugh it when I say when
they say they're not gonna leak anymore
how does somebody know that Trump said
to somebody Melania said to me I
shouldn't play her game how do you find
that out this is tradecraft I know yeah
without getting into sources and methods
but there's there's a number of people
in that West Wing in that White House
who clearly talked to reporters and
another thing to keep in mind is the
president talks to people he one thing
general Kelly came in he tried to put
these controls on the president it
didn't work the president in the morning
late at night of the residents at
Bedminster mar-a-lago he's calling
friends they're calling friends they're
calling reporters well who else has
thoughts here let me get back to David
on this Kate Katie I'm gonna cater is
what do we know about the White House
staff and the way they sort of kibbutz
about the fact of Trump and he's playing
this wrong and and this amorosa is
dangerous to all of us that story we
heard today and yesterday Amorosa may
have tapes on it everybody she's worked
with so what we know from that political
reporting is that the Politico is saying
that the White House staffers are are
terrified of what tape
Omarosa may be about to reveal next and
we saw this from Katrina Pierson just
this week on Monday she was on Fox News
saying she never had a conversation or a
conference call discussing whether or
not the president used the n-word on
Tuesday Omarosa
went on CBS and dropped a tape of
Katrina Pierson discussing whether the
president used the and used the n-word
and Katrina Pierson herself saying he
did it he's just embarrassed by it on
Wednesday she had to go back on Fox News
to try to try and defend herself and it
wasn't very effective so the idea that
she's taping someone like Katrina
Pierson fine but she's taping John Kelly
in the Situation Room if she's willing
to tape the chief of staff in the most
sensitive room in the White House it
makes you wonder who else she'd be
willing to tape and especially that
communications team who she had a lot
more interaction
and then pretty much anyone else and
there's also talk of tapes from Jared
and above Jared and Ivanka tapes of
other Trump family members that are
gonna potentially come out
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
