in Italy rescue teams are frantically
searching for possible survivors in
yesterday's bridge collapse at least 39
people now known to have been killed 12
others are in critical condition the
question is could it happen here and yes
think about how many bridges you drive
over every day the latest annual report
by the American Road Association Road
and Transport Builders Association is
disturbing the report released this year
rates more than 54,000 of the nation's
612 thousand bridges as quote
structurally deficient that's nearly one
out of every 10 bridges all right
structurally deficient is defined as one
or more key bridge components the deck
the superstructure or the sub structure
is in poor condition there are nearly
one hundred and seventy four million
crossings on those structurally
deficient bridges every single day the
average age of the structurally
deficient bridges is 67 years every
state has bridges that are deemed
structurally deficient those with the
most Iowa has more than 5,000
Pennsylvania more than 4,000 Oklahoma
more than 3,000 same with Missouri and
Illinois has more than 2,000 of these
things those with the fewest number of
structurally deficient bridges District
of Columbia that would make sense it's
one of the smallest places in the United
States Nevada Delaware Hawaii and Utah
but still these numbers are pretty
serious you just need one to to collapse
the American Society of Civil Engineers
estimates the country needs four and a
half trillion dollars that's with a T by
2025 to improve well not just bridges by
the way this is all infrastructure this
is roads railways airports dams and more
president trump unveiled is long-awaited
infrastructure plan in February the plan
is to put up two hundred billion dollars
in federal government money
it's a public-private partnership the
idea of sparking at least one point five
trillion dollars in state local and
private investment this morning I
submitted legislative principles to
Congress that will spur the biggest and
boldest infrastructure investment in
American history the framework will
generate an unprecedented 1.5 to 1.7
trillion dollar investment in American
infrastructure we're going to have a lot
of public-private
and that way it gets done on time on
budget listen people don't vote for
infrastructure it's not sexy they don't
like to pay for it but we need it and it
was a promise from this administration
joining us now live at new york times
attack and economic tax and economics
reporter jim Tankersley all right Jim
this was a core issue for the president
he promised to fix America's crumbling
infrastructure when he was on the
campaign trail he laid out a plan in
February where does it stand it's dead
there's no plan in Washington right now
I mean in the least until after the
midterms this is not something that the
administration has made a priority it's
not something that the President himself
has made a priority and Congress has
certainly not made a priority which is
interesting because there's probably a
deal to be had at some point between
Republicans and Democrats on
infrastructure but this is not going to
be that year also his one area of
expertise he is a builder yeah and it
should Jim have bipartisan support right
building these things is something that
is it's good for commerce it's good for
the economy it's good for people it's
good for transportation why do we have
such difficulty getting this done the
President did have a few of these
infrastructure weeks right I think we
had at least two of them
we've had a lot of infrastructure weeks
we haven't had a lot of serious talk
about how you fund infrastructure bill
that's the sticking point everyone
agrees well most everyone some people
think it's not the federal government's
role but most everyone in Washington
agrees the federal government needs to
be doing more to catalyze ibid structure
investment the question is does the
government pay for that through taxes
does it pay for that through as
Democrats want to by reversing some of
the Trump tax cuts does government
basically just put a couple of carrots
out there and hope that private industry
comes in and fills in the rest as the
president wanted these are big big
issues to debate and they're not even
having that discussion about how do you
actually fund it in terms of will why
wouldn't this be a higher priority for
the president if the president is
looking to serve his base this would do
just that when you think about rural
America where there aren't jobs where
there isn't fast Wi-Fi this would be an
extraordinary fix and it would suit what
President Trump said he would do in the
campaign trail far more than cutting
corporate taxes that wasn't a big
promise well it was a big promise
certainly the president promised to cut
taxes I mean he talked more about
individual tax cuts the corporate Hutt's
but he talked about both those things I
think it's important to think about this
just just it's not
just the president in Washington it's
also congressional Republicans
congressional Democrats and we're not in
a moment in Washington where the
president is working primarily with
congressional Democrats on anything
Democrats far and away are the ones who
are more driving the discussion about
doing more infrastructure that the
government would pay for itself
congressional Republicans just don't
have huge appetite right now to be
taking up a big infrastructure bill and
again to have that fight over who pays
for it it's just not really in anybody's
interest who controls the levers of
Congress right now alright Jim thanks
for joining us for this Jim Tankersley
is tax and economics reporter at The New
York Times politics of accuracy another
day I mean look yeah part of the problem
is this is it's an abstraction until the
bridge you're driving on or in your
community lapses right or something goes
wrong with your water or whatever the
case is that's part of the problem that
it doesn't feel real and that's why
we're using this is an example to say it
really happened in Italy it really
happened in Minnesota it does happen
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
