Whitehouse is dealing with the fallout
from the president's increasingly toxic
fight with former White House aide
Omarosa Manigault Newman who has slowly
been releasing tapes from her time in
the administration and the campaign but
a criticism of her that was overshadowed
by the president's more misogynistic
language he said that she was nasty to
people would constantly miss meetings
and work justifying her employment
because she only said great things about
him that's not the criteria he said he
would use when making his pitch to the
American people on staffing how would
you run a government to make it more
effective what would be your criteria in
choosing the senior administrators track
record great competence love of what
they're doing how they're getting along
with people references I mean no
different than when you're running a
company how you hire top people we have
to get the best people we need to get
the best and the finest and if we don't
we'll be in trouble for a long period of
time hired her just because she always
said great stuff about him I hope that
doesn't mean David Duke is on the
horizon but let's take a look let's take
a close look at the president's best
people beyond Omarosa how about Tom
Price his first Secretary of Health and
Human Services that guy racked up nearly
a $900,000 bill on charter and military
jets former EPA Administrator Scott
Pruett he quit after scandal after
scandal involving his first-class travel
a bulletproof SUV security detail and a
special phone booth as well as a very
suspicious housing deal and then there's
former national security adviser Michael
Flynn he pled guilty for lying about
contacts with the Russian ambassador
then of course there's Paul Manafort the
president's one-time campaign chairman
now accused of bank and tax fraud an
amount of courts deputy Rick Gates
accused of assisting manna port in his
scheme and then there's Rob Porter the
former staff secretary
he's accused of physical and emotional
abuse of two ex-wives
there was campaign adviser George
papadopolis he sparked the
counterintelligence investigation into
the campaign by bragging about his
contacts with Russian government
officials Commerce Secretary Wilbur
he's accused of stealing millions during
years of business dealings a pattern
that could put him among the biggest
grifters in American history according
to a Forbes report and then there's a
new employee bill shine recently hired
as White House communications director
shine faces accusations of covering up
sexual harassment throughout Fox News
during his time at the network and these
are just some some of the people with
serious ethical issues and dubious
backgrounds that the president has hired
since announcing his campaign I didn't
mention Corey Lewandowski boy or Steve
Bannon right so the best people might be
in the White House the best people he's
saying he's gonna hire the most
qualified people and then in the end she
always said nice things about him hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
