the White House is defending President
Trump's recent comments about former
aide Omarosa Manigault Newman on Twitter
yesterday morning president Trump lashed
out calling Omarosa a dog among other
things here's what the press secretary
had to say when she was asked about it
yesterday the president has said similar
things about a number of individuals
certainly that are not African American
or any other minority I can simply talk
to you about the policies and the person
that the president is I think if again
the person that a lot of his critics say
he is certainly wouldn't have been in
business with him for decades certainly
he wouldn't have had Bill and Hillary
Clinton they attended his wedding I
think that he has made a number of
comments about plenty of people and to
try to single that out to one group is
frankly silly because I think if you did
a comparison he's probably got a lot
more nasty things out there about some
other people so Joe the president has in
fact called many people dogs
african-american and white people Mitt
Romney Steve Bannon among many others
but the defense from the White House
press secretary is that he says this
stuff about everybody he calls everybody
a dog and that's supposed to be a
helpful way of explaining what he said
about Omarosa
yeah which of course feeds into again
what what the article that we read from
yesterday from 2011 where you try to
dehumanize your political opponents and
that's the first step and in many steps
to autocracies totalitarianism and and
horrors nobody's suggesting that donald
trump is going to succeed in america but
you know we were talking during the
break willie I thought he was one of
those things during the break it was we
had it was on the air but we were
talking about the Rev was talking about
how Donald Trump hung out hang out with
a lot of boxers with a lot of hip-hop
artists that would hang out with him in
Atlantic City and we noticed early in
the campaign
JZ and even in late in the campaign if a
hip-hop artist decided they were going
to support Donald Trump they were always
very Hillary Clinton they were always
seem careful to say hey I got nothing
against Donald Trump I got nothing
against Donald Trump and it was sort of
a head scratcher
but that was the case yeah I mean where
have you know better than it no no he
ran with Don King and Mike Tyson to
those guys because first of all let's
not act like he just wanted to because
of social reasons he was in that
business he was in the casino business
he could not appeal to a large consumer
base in Atlantic City without boxing so
he needed Don King he needed Tyson he
needed the hip hoppers that's who fill
the casinos for him so he would
socialize with them and being that I
knew a lot of them grew up with you know
spike in and that crowd I would always
see him at the events he does that Mike
Tyson's housewarming when I got there I
mean this was the crowd he hung out with
so they were comfortable with him never
realizing that he had these real inside
kind of biases that we knew coming from
Brooklyn we knew the Queen's white guys
and Howard Beach didn't like us but you
never associated him with that cause of
the hangout factor until you said you
dated his sister and he starts saying
wait a minute and started using the
n-word behind your back that's the kind
of guy Trump reminds me of that you know
we can go to school together yeah wait a
minute I saw you looking at my sister
let's now we start understanding who we
really got on the Queen's guy so don't
put me in that class I got you I was out
let's rock the picture you always use a
great metaphor Trump use a day trader
let's not mistake the fact that Trump
was cozying up to various prominent
african-americans and the entertainment
of our community it was a transaction
right it's not a man who saw it was
colorless and a smuggler she never was
on a March for freedom but you know and
Joe yes you say which is worse if he's
truly a bigot or if he's playing a bigot
and they're beat both reprehensible but
I just remember my conversation about
the birther when we were on the phone
that there was a chip missing that he
could not be on the fact that that could
come out of him he just could not
comprehend
the race piece of that it was just not
in his there was no empathetic piece of
DNA gene in there that even if he didn't
intend it what it could seem like and I
whether that was the beginning of
showing who truly wasn't agree with the
Reverend but he certainly has not walked
back one step forward one step and and
it wasn't just the boxers and hip-hop
artists that he socialized with he dated
black women he he as you were saying
before Rev and and Jean I've got to say
the most troubling part of all of this
about his racism and his bigotry is that
just like when his friendships with
hip-hop artists and boxers were
transactional now he's friends and
apologizes for white nationalists and
and neo-nazis and that's just as
transactional I mean no but this is
nobody giving Donald Trump a pass this
is me saying I believe he's a depraved
human being who will do anything to get
ahead that day because he is nothing
more than a day trader well he is that I
mean his complicated person you know III
think he sure sounds sincere to me
especially one thing he sounds really
really sincere about you know more than
the racism against african-americans
frankly knows is the racism against
against Latinos particularly you know
dark-skinned latina from Central America
Mexico he has a thing about the Browning
of America that is I think quite to
anyone I think he's but one other thing
I will point out which is you know from
my youth I always keep in mind that you
know Strom Thurmond was a genuine racist
yet he has a black daughter he had a
black daughter so it's not
not unheard of well slave owners I mean
slave it's gone it's gone though out of
the opposite direction McDonald Trump
was a Democrat his entire life he gave
money the DNC he gave money to Nancy
Pelosi he gave money to Chuck Schumer he
gave money to Hillary Clinton he went to
Hillary Clinton's wedding and then
suddenly in 2011 I mean I I know you he
ran ads against the central partner but
but behind closed doors he became that
way in 2011 when he decided he wanted to
win the Republican National Committee's
endorsement no but that's why I think
you and Danny are correct when you say
he's transactional he didn't believe it
when he was Democrat or was coming
around many of us like our conventions
in National Action Network and I don't
know what he believes now I believe he
believes in Donald Trump but I believe
that Donald Trump has certain biases
that he cannot get over because if any
of those relationships were not
transactional he'd be talking to people
saying why are blacks offended by me why
are women offended he doesn't have those
kind of relationships because he doesn't
have that kind of sensitivity it's all
day trading like you said and tomorrow
is another day and I'll trade with
somebody else and you cannot do that as
president and leader of the free world
and really bring the country for Joe the
birther issue for President Trump then
Donald Trump may have started as a way
into politics
and let's be clear and I think everyone
at this table who talked would vouch for
it he meant it on the birther issue when
you talk to you privately he would not
let you get on the phone for 30 minutes
45 minutes as he explained obscure
details of an advertisement put in the
Honolulu Advertiser why would you do
that if it was obsessed with he was
obsessed with it and whether or not he
believed at the beginning he certainly
believed it by the end you know who he's
obsessed with then and now he was
obsessed with Barack Obama Barack Obama
drove him crazy then
Morocco Bahama drives him crazy now
Barack Obama the mention of the name
gets him out of his game and what he
told me and what he told he later
basically admitted it publicly that he
believed that Barack Obama lied on his
application to Harvard and said that he
was born in Kenya and he wanted to out
Barack Obama and embarrass him and think
of think of we got to go to break that
think of all the ways that a retired
president has still caused Donald Trump
to make one mistake after another
mistake after another mistake that's
leading to his downfall it's really
pretty remarkable yesterday Joe it
happened again in the briefing room when
they misstated President Obama's
african-american employment numbers
we'll get into that in a minute because
the control-room screaming in our ears
yeah okay coming up Sarah Huckabee
Sanders she claims it's common for White
House staffers to have non-disclosure
agreements really but she wouldn't say
whether she signed one herself that's
ahead and of course much more we'll just
sort of say what we want to say go where
we want to go when morning gel returns
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
