thing one tonight as we've chronicled
here in thing one thing two before when
you think of Donald Trump the words
geography whiz aren't the first words
that pop into your head and I'm greatly
honored to host this lunch to be joined
by the leaders of Cote d'Ivoire Ethiopia
Ghana Guinea nambia
Tanzanian China Belgium is a beautiful
city we are also praying for the people
of Puerto Rico we love wet Rico heroin
overdoses are surging and meth overdoses
in Nevada Nevada and it's great to be
back in Missouri ax you cherish you
tours flaming rivers and God bless the
United States thank you very much thank
you that's just the record we have on
tape a new political report gives us a
picture of what it's like to be in a
diplomatic briefing with the president
in one case Trump while studying a
briefers map of South Asia ahead of a
2017 meeting with India's Prime Minister
mispronounced Nepal as nipple and
laughingly referred to Bhutan as button
and then there are the president's
troubles with time zones that's thing
too in 60 seconds
as we mentioned geography is not Donald
Trump's forte and as political reports
this week he's also a little wobbly on
timezones sources say the president
often wanted to call Japanese Prime
Minister Shinzo Abe a in the middle of
the afternoon Washington time which of
course is the middle of the night in
Tokyo the issue came up on a constant
basis according to one diplomatic source
and staffers resorted to telling the
president quote the time is messed up
one official defended Trump saying he's
the president of the United States he's
not stopping to add up time differences
and political notes other presidents
especially Bill Clinton were known to
call foreign leaders at odd hours but
the current presidents trouble with time
zones may actually have an unexpected
benefit it turns out to be a convenient
excuse for his performance with Vladimir
Putin in Helsinki who is not a very
forceful presentation from President
Trump with Putin standing right next to
him I know that will give the better the
doubt - maybe jet lag and time
differences but wholly Tomoya hey there
are chris hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
