her server was easily hacked by foreign
governments perhaps even by her
financial backers in communist China I'm
sure they have it putting all of America
and our citizens in danger we can't have
someone in the Oval Office who doesn't
understand the meaning of the word
confidential or classified Hillary is
the one who endangered national security
by sending classified information on an
insecure server Wow was one of his
favorite campaign rallying cries that
Hillary's own security mail server was
putting classified information at risk
but new reporting finds that he's the
one who may be doing just that the New
York Times writes quote when President
Trump calls old friends on one of his
iPhones to gossip gripe or solicit their
latest take on how he's doing American
intelligence reports indicate that
Chinese spies are often listening and
putting to use invaluable insights into
how to best work the President and
effective administration policy current
and former American officials said the
piece continues in what amounts to a
marriage of lobbying and espionage the
Chinese have pieced together a list of
the people with whom Trump regularly
speaks in hopes of using them to
influence the president everyone's still
here Wow
I mean this is a story that like all
things trumpian sort of puts back on him
everything he ever attacked any of his
opponents of doing yes I will not bore
you as I have before on talking about
the difference between the classified
service and the unclassified servers of
the State Department you can't put
unclassified until unclassified servers
the one thing I would add to the New
York Times story is this and anyone in
the intelligence service can tell you
this the reason the Chinese spy on us
and the reason the Russian spy on us are
completely different
the Russians do want to influence our
politics they want to take the
information they have and influence
elections the Chinese are only
interested in industrial secrets in
business secrets and the reason the
Russians are not is because they have no
business and industry the only way they
have leverage is to influence our
politics the Chinese want to get
leverage and know who Trump is talking
to to be able to get business interests
here and Steve Schmidt because Donald
has no regard for the professionals in
his government no one should assume that
he's not talking to his friends about
what to do militarily or diplomatically
with North Korea or with NBS it is
certainly only likely but probable that
he's polling his former pals in New York
City about how to deal with the
Khashoggi crisis and MBS and other world
leaders no doubt that's true look his
incompetence is so great he can't
confidently make a cell phone call
without endangering the national
security of the country
he's just irresponsible beyond any words
I have to describe it though I also
think he may be talking about what a
victim he is he probably calls his
friends up and it's the same
conversation we hear at the rallies
talking about the fake news the media
it's one long giant pity fest
and if that's the case I pity the
Chinese listeners and Russian listeners
who have to listen to this guy self-pity
all day every day
ken Delaney and the series enough
national security implications are that
what spy agencies do isn't just look for
secrets about American industry they
don't just look for ways to advance
their national security interests
against us they also try to profile the
person and when a president of any
country leader of any country prepares
for a high-stakes diplomatic encounter
they read a profile of the person of the
personality they want to know what kind
of women they find attractive for
example they want to know what they
confide in with their friends about who
on their staff is up and who's down we
read most of that in in Nick's newspaper
but imagine there are some that the
Chinese learn from the president's
cellphone conversations and that's a
real advantage now of course it is
Nichole and while the Chinese do focus
on industrial astronaut they are also
trying to steer American policy in their
direction on geopolitical questions like
Taiwan or the South China Sea they're
trying to influence our government
absolutely and this story depicts a
breathtaking example of negligence and
and sort of a betrayal of the
obligations of the president of United
States and I look back to President
Obama used to complain
you know when he got an office he had a
very limited blackberry and then he
later got a got a smartphone in his
second term and he joked about how it
had no functionality because he was
listening to his security people who
told him that if you use a regular
iPhone you're opening yourself up to
being spied on and listened to and what
the reason we're reading about this
Nicole is because current intelligence
officials according to the story are so
frustrated that they were willing to
talk to the New York Times about it to
try to send a message to their boss to
cut it out and the story also shows that
china is manipulating Trump by sending
messages to him through people who may
have investments in China may have other
agendas that's all just so disturbing
Joyce is this the kind of thing is this
the kind of national security concern
that if Democrats take control of the
house that the House Intelligence
Committee would you know consider or
would you recommend they consider trying
to get more information about this for
not to try to him in the president and
his free will free range president if
you will but just to make sure that we
have a handle on what kind of
information
those who spy on us are gleaning from
these conversations I think that's right
you know even this free range president
has identified this kind of conduct as a
problem he was very clear in the
excerpts that you played about the
security risks that are posed by the
very same conduct that he himself is
reported to be engaging in so it would
make sure for the folks on the hill who
were charged with oversight of the
executive branch to try to assess
whether there's been damage and what the
extent of that damage has been otherwise
we have this big gaping hole in our
national security moving forward the
hypocrisy is staggering but you really
do only have to quote Donald Trump to
explain what's wrong with the conduct
there's always a tweet and candidate
Trump would have called for president
Truong to be locked up for this look
this country our Congress the FBI spent
a very long time examining the issue of
Hillary Clinton's use of a private email
server which did raise real questions of
vulnerability but as far as we know it
was never hacked and secret information
was never taken in that regard but the
nightmare actually came true with Donald
Trump it is coming to everyday and now
that he knows about it well is is he
gonna listen right
it's gonna stop using the third
unsecured phone and stick with the two
phones he's been given that are secure
well let me try to answer that so he
tweeted I'm gonna go with no but I'll
let you we report y'all can make your
own judgments the so-called experts on
areas this is the president Street this
morning the so called experts on Trump
over at the New York Times wrote a long
and boring
I love his use of boring anything with
too many words article on my cell phone
usage that is so incorrect I do not have
time here to correct it you have so much
time I only use government phones and
have only one have have only one seldom
used government I came to understand the
center from this stop right there it
sounds like no is the answer every time
he tweets there is little thing on his
tweet that says sent from Twitter for
iPhone we know he was the phone all the
time we have real-time evidence of when
he tweets all morning some days of
course he uses it I know we're running
out time this is this is count some lies
for kicks so I only use government
phones that's clearly not true the cell
phone users are so he doesn't offer any
sent any correction and and your
colleague Maggie Haberman reports that
West Wing aides say that he's using this
phone to avoid Kelly from supervising
room he really is like a teenager in
chief right the other the part of the
Trump autocracy index number 10,000 401
is remember when reporters asked him
what are you gonna do about X and he
says well I can't tell you then I'm
telling our adversaries he's telling our
the day what he's going to do that's the
hypocrisy hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
