Bob Miller's first criminal trial in the
Russia probe and what may now be today
the worst day for Paul Manafort yet he
does face the potential of an effective
life sentence on those charges of bank
fraud and tax fraud and after two weeks
of evidence from Muller and 27 witnesses
today was going to be the day that
everyone started to hear the other side
would we cover trials the beginning is
usually tougher for the defendant
because prosecutors lay out their
evidence we hear from the star witnesses
all the worst things that prosecutors
found whether it be from surveillance or
from a home raid or from other people
all of that piles up and then today in
this trial would be the day the defense
steps up and starts poking holes in the
case and today Paul Manta Ford's defense
team didn't do that instead they rested
without calling a single witness not one
and as we've reported they rested
without mana for taking the stand either
now today the court heard directly from
him for the very first time judge Ellis
called him up to the podium this is a
ritual familiar to anyone in court to
confirm that the defendant understood
that he Paul Manafort has a right to
testify in the judge asked mana for who
of course does hold a law degree if he'd
made a decision about that right and
today mana fort Rosen told judge Ellis I
have decided your honor and the judge
going through this formal process says
do you wish to testify and Paul Manafort
responded and said no sir and today Paul
Manafort said there excuse me his lawyer
said that Paul Manafort strategy for all
this is quite simple they don't think
they need a major rebuttal they don't
think they need to testify because
they're arguing that Bob Muller who in
the quote you're about to see is
referred to technically as the
government has not put up enough
evidence
he did so because he is legal team in
the US legal system nothing negative is
automatically inferred from the defense
to client introduced evidence or from a
defendant declining to stake the stand
those are their rights precisely because
the entire burden here is on Muller and
his prosecutors to prove their case
that's the burden on the government but
then when you get into the details in
this case
Muller's team argues they have achieved
that through their star witness Rick
Gates through a mountain of other
evidence and through other corroborating
witnesses who were granted a type of use
immunity to say yep we help mana for to
commit these crimes so here we are
tomorrow is the ninth-inning of this
trial closing statements and then the
jury deliberates and decides there's
only a few things left that we don't
know a little one that could get bigger
is we don't know why the judge met
privately with the jury for two hours
today all kinds of speculation about
that sort of thing and the other one is
that of course as always we don't know
what this jury will do with the evidence
they have been presented but Paul mana
forts Judgment Day is coming is he
looking for some salvation outside of
this courtroom that might only come from
a presidential pardon
I turned now to Maya Wiley a former
counsel of the mayor of New York City
and a someone familiar with these kind
of cases upon a Watergate special
prosecutor Nick Ackerman and AJ Dion of
the Washington Post Maya when you look
at this decision which as I say
carefully does not something we infer
anything legally negative about but
which does look dumb given the
overwhelming evidence how do you
interpret it I interpret it as the
defense doesn't have a defense at the
end of the day what we have are a series
of witnesses even before you get to rick
gates and accountant two accountants in
a bookkeeper who literally went through
a process with documents of saying false
document supported a false statement
including false statements to the IRS
but also to banks in terms of what loans
they were trying to get for mana for in
order to pay and sustain his very
expensive lifestyle you have emails from
Paul Manafort himself saying he did not
have foreign bank accounts right so it's
not even just a credibility question
because unless you can mount a defense
that says those folks are lying or
shouldn't be believed or the documents
themselves that are before you have been
falsified or can be interpreted in a
different way you've essentially said
you don't have a defense well let me
push you that's that's a factual
evidence issue as you mentioned that
they have a lot of trouble with the
facts on the on the books but what about
calling up witnesses to try to say deep
state to try to say thirteen angry
Democrats to try to have somebody make
the case that's been made out of the
courtroom in some way even if it's thin
they didn't even do that they didn't
even do that and I look I don't think
that would have been a winning defense
but to your point either they I think
they had to worry a lot about what a
prosecution could say going after what
evidence or whatever witnesses they
would pull forward to bring that so you
know remember that the prosecution would
get a rebuttal process they could
cross-examine whatever was put on and I
think when you start to do something
that looks to a jury like you're
grasping at straws it doesn't actually
in your case oh I can't be much worse I
mean they've really got them coming and
going here the the real issue is one of
intent and criminal intent because in a
tax case you have to show that somebody
intended to cheat on their taxes well
they've got him doing that multiple
years under stating his taxes in a
series of years but then even worse
they've got him doing just the opposite
when he no longer has any money and he
needs to go out and steal it from the
banks by getting all of these phony bank
loans when he has to overstate what his
income is so if ever there was a
slam-dunk case of intent you've got it
between he's been whipsawed between the
taxes and the bank well you just walked
through it let's let's go into detail
put up on the screen you're talking
about the false income tax returns of
which there's a lot of material that
they
prosecutors put forward to prove that
the failing to report foreign bank
accounts which is fairly easy to prove
if you can show that the bank accounts
existed under his name as Maya was
mentioning and then of course the nine
counts of bank fraud do you think these
are all likely to come back guilty Nick
oh I'd be shocked if they didn't because
they're not only confirmed by what Ric
Gates said but they're all confirmed by
what Manta Ford said he said it in the
emails he said it in memos he instructed
his accountants what to do he instructed
his lawyers what to do I mean it is
probably the strongest tax case I have
ever seen and I've prosecuted a lot of
tax cases I mean this is pretty amazing
what makes it stronger that all the
extra talking witnesses well if you've
got the talking witnesses you've got
tons of documents I mean this is all
documented straight from Cyprus into his
bank accounts into his tax returns
you've got the fact that he didn't check
off that he had these foreign accounts
you've got it's the documents that
actually bury him here it's his own
words in those documents
it's the tracing of the money from
Ukraine through Cyprus back to the US
onto his tax returns where it doesn't
exist and then you see what he does when
he stops making all of this money in the
Ukraine he winds up then having to phony
up bank bank loans by inflating his
income so doing it both ways and the
documents showing it both ways and then
you've got the summary evidence from the
agents that the jury is going to be able
to take those charts into the jury room
this is not going to be a long
deliberation well you think it's not
gonna be long deliberation Maya let's
dig into that which is you do get
holdouts on juries juries are people and
so sometimes you have one or two people
who kind of say well I don't know I
don't buy it that they're the hardest
ones to reason with if they're just big
picture I'm not so sure I have
reasonable doubt walk us through what
you would expect the prosecutors hope
jurors will do in that jury room with
the evidence because someone who is
speaking vaguely with reasonable doubt
is gonna have the reason with a room
full of people saying but but look at
these tax forms well so the
I think Nick is making really important
points particularly on the the tax fraud
counts because you actually have
documents that man afford where mana
fort lied right it lied because we know
that there are other facts about you
know falsifying documents knowing they
were falsified his own bookkeeper and
accountants not knowing that he had
these these foreign accounts and having
been directly asked whether he had them
and being told in multiple years you
have to tell us if you do it's very hard
for anyone to argue then to Nick's point
that there is so that's what a juror if
there is a holdout juror would have to
confront it's not just about it Rick
Gates credibility because there's too
much that man afford himself has done I
think that the and I I agree generally
is a very strong case I'd be very
surprised if there aren't a whole lot of
guilty counts that come out of this I
will say that there are some counts I
could imagine some debate on I think the
Federal Savings Bank where there's a
question where a juror could raise a
factual question about whether the
prosecution demonstrated sufficiently
that the bank relied on false statements
in order to make the long as it becomes
a what would they have done what would
they have done and so that's where I
think the judge did the right thing by
saying that's a question for the jury
I'm not going to throw these counts out
EJ I want to go to the Jared Kushner of
it all because one of the things that
people around mana Ford have said is
well okay maybe he was a crook but he
was a crook before 2016 he he was
removed from the campaign and so what's
the big deal and then you have the
evidence that's come up here that I'll
read to you where mana fort was
explicitly trying to push one of his
bankers into Secretary of the army an
important position this was after
receiving the beginning of a 16 million
dollar loan and pushed it on Jared
Kushner who said okay I'm on it
now the prosecutors are not alleging
that Jared Kushner knew that this was a
kind of a payoff in mana Ford's mind
although that is the implication which
means even if you didn't catch it that's
really bad as a way to staff the army no
no I mean I think that that part of the
case is another episode of how the
administration is kind of grifter City
because
you have men afford trying to get alone
when he doesn't really have the
financial situation that justifies it so
he goes to the chairman of the bank
creates this relationship and then
clearly tries to help him get a job in
the administration writes a memo saying
he'll advance DTS agenda now ironically
I don't think the defense will try to
use that to say well there's nothing
fraudulent here the chairman of the bank
approved the loan and that's why I agree
with Maya that in all of this I think
the bank charges may be the ones where
he may get some acquittals but if I
could I think the defense is relying on
two things one is they visser ated rick
gates they ran what you might have what
amounts to a negative campaign against
him hoping to catch a juror or two
saying well yeah there's all this paper
evidence but can you believe this guy
gates so it's almost classic Trump
campaign don't look at me look at the
guy who is against me the other is the
judge Lewis made a lot of side comments
he was almost like an opinion columnist
at times that were not very kind to the
prosecution all right call on SCJ and
i'm an opinion maybe you can join this
profession instead of that way but I
think that they are hoping that some of
those side comments might have gotten to
the jury and again might create some
doubt in their minds that would lead
them to an acquittal even though as my
colleagues have said the evidence is
really powerful well I think you're
making a su legal point which is the
juries are often impacted by the tone
and the mood and the judge has a very
special type of authority in that room
and so some of his withering distaste
for things that prosecutors were doing
don't legally mean that the jurors
should find guilt or not guilt but
rather he was annoyed with them and it's
a multi-week process and a court is also
an office place the workplace like any
other where people sometimes get
short-tempered as for the the big
question my take a look at a president
Trump when he was asked about a
potential pardon for a metaphor
that was June and it was true in the
traditional pardon process it would be
too early most people don't use
pre-emptive pardons although the Supreme
Court has has upheld them but it's not
going to be too early soon if this jury
goes in a certain direction do you think
that Palmero forts defense reflects some
hail-mary hope for a pardon absolutely
first of all Donald Trump has signaled
in multiple ways that he would very
seriously consider pardoning Paul
Manafort
one by some of the other people he has
pardoned dinesh d'souza to name a few
Joe Arpaio scooter libby scooter libby
for obstruction for obstruction so what
he has done is set a trail of pardons
that can only indicate to anyone caught
up in this investigation and who may
face charges that he will protect them
as long as they don't turn on him I
think we've seen that play out in
multiple ways with other people so what
I think we now Paul Manafort has a
problem with the pardon even if he gets
it which is that that state attorneys
general may have criminal charges they
might be able to bring for some of these
transactions depending on the state so
it's not to say that he doesn't have
some exposure but I don't think there's
any question that he must be hoping for
this because I can't figure out any
other reason why we haven't either seen
a deal a plea deal right or some more
significant defense mounted in this
trial and Nick if he got a federal
pardon it would deal with this case and
potentially moot the DC prosecution but
leave him open to federal I means excuse
me to state he still would be open to
money laundering charges in other states
where the money passed through I mean
some in some instances it could be even
more serious than what he's facing on
the federal side well and you have to
wonder depending on the states if he was
hiding all that money from federal taxes
was he then going and and carefully
paying all the state tax hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that your
with us and we appreciate that
