while Bob Miller has now rested in his
first trial as Special Counsel the one
against Paul man afford their new
science night molars gathering evidence
for another potential trial of a man who
worked with Trump far longer than mana
for Roger stone Boehner's grand jury
just heard from stone associate Kristen
Davis and she is saying number one she's
concerned Muller is coming for stone but
number two she doesn't believe anything
bad happened did you come away from your
session today believing that the
investigators are coming for Roger stone
I I did I think that there's cause for
concern based on that they just want to
believe something happen which I don't
believe it did she doesn't believe it
did no she's one of the least seven
people connected to stone who Muller is
interested in new reports tonight he's
also looking beyond collusion and into
Roger stones alleged threats to the
political activists he once described as
his intermediary to WikiLeaks Randi
cretak oh that may seem familiar because
credit code first aired those concerns
in our interview back in may quote I'm
gonna take that dog away from you
nothing you can do about it I'm
paraphrasing I will prove to the world
you're a liar he's afraid I'm gonna
unload on him bringing your dog we have
on the screen why is he bringing your
dog into this because he's a sick man he
is delusional memories Roger stone and
his lawyer deny any wrongdoing here and
it probably would take more than only
angry text to make a full obstruction
case and stone does do something else
that's relevant here he follows the
Trump view that just about any public
fight is worth having if it's good for
attention and ratings Roger understands
that I've always gotten great ratings
whether it's on the apprentice or
virtually any interview I think that's
one of the things that's always
fascinated Roger because ultimately it
is all about the ratings at last clip
comes from the Netflix documentary get
me Roger stone I'm joined by the film's
director Morgan PEM a he spent more than
five years working with stone on that
documentary project also joined by
Shelby Holliday a reporter for The Wall
Street Journal has been covered
this probe and of course Roger stone you
know these people better than most spent
more time with them than most yeah and
everyone notices the carnival aspects
but Bob Mulder has proven himself to be
interested in more than the carnival
what do you think is happening at this
pressure point well you know what we've
seen is that Bob Mueller doesn't captain
a leaky ship and anything that has come
out of the probe has come from witnesses
who have appeared in it not from the
special prosecutor's office himself so
you know when the Manta Ford indictment
came down we saw a whole bunch of stuff
that we had no idea was out there who
come to light I suspect that if there is
an indictment then we're going to see a
lot of pieces of the puzzle that
heretofore were unknown we know with
Andrew Miller and with Kristin Davis
these are very close
loyal friends of Rogers but more
importantly they're people who were
scheduling Rogers appointments had
access to his email had access to his
social media accounts they are in a
position to really attest to where Roger
was what he was doing and when but do
you believe based on Leon knowing him
that where he was was less interesting
than sometimes where he claimed to be
that certainly Rogers and though it's
that he oftentimes pretends to have more
robust role in in nefarious deeds than
he actually does I haven't seen the
smoking gun yet that that seems that
would place Roger in a whole heap of
trouble but certainly the the Moller
investigation bringing Kristin Davis
Andrew Miller wanting to bring all these
people around Roger in his orbit in
before a grand jury certainly
Telegraph's that they're getting closer
and closer to Roger shall be take a
listen to Rogers latest a description of
what he won't do there is no
circumstance in which I intend to be
pressured in order to testify against
the president first of all I have
nothing that I could say about him that
would be negative and secondarily I'm
just not going to do this I wouldn't
rule out cooperating with the Special
Counsel if I can be helpful in some area
but there is no circumstance under which
I would testify against the president
those do don't really go together I mean
he's saying he won't testify against the
president
but he has nothing to testify against I
mean his arguments are interesting they
changed from day to day I would say
reporting on him is a fascinating thing
because he's a very intelligent
well-spoken and tricky person I mean
that's what he he prides himself on so
anytime you approach him with something
for example the Podesta tweet he has an
explanation for why he sent that tweet
and why it's totally irrelevant to the
Moller investigation I thought the most
telling part of Kristen Davis's
interview and of other other interviews
that have been given by Roger stones
associates is that they all say all
these people who've talked to molars
team that molar is hyper focused on
collusion that is in stark contrast to
what Stone says in the press and in
interviews that he's worried about
getting hammered for some sort of
financial violation or something related
to his PAC Stone is trying to spin this
as he could get in trouble for some
crime unrelated to collusion while
everyone around him says no no it's all
about collusion it's all about the
messages you've sent the tweets that you
exchanged the people you were in contact
with whether it was Julian Assange or
acoustic 42.0 that's what they're
focused on well I think you're raising
an important piece of context about
where the clues lead as you often do
which is there are people who are
operative in the White House right when
when they're interviewed the implication
when Sean Spicer is interviewed is that
he might know something about all of
this
kneecapping of the FBI the firing of
James Comey the witch hunt the efforts
to impede the investigation which is
obstruction a lot of republicans argue
Morgan that it's not really fair to try
to take out a sitting president just
over the way he deals with the FBI no
matter how how terribly Shelby points
out that Roger is not that he has zero
interaction with President Donald Trump
he has not been seen entering the White
House he has no government role
everything that Muller is looking at
here goes back to what they did during
2016 of course you were there and you've
told us before that there wasn't a ton
of indication that he was actively
spinning out some Trump campaign backed
Russian collusion in terms of Roger you
know Roger was always evasive about how
often he communicated with Trump the
candidate he did say that he would he
was writing memos and in you know very
simple one-page memo so that Trump could
digest them
that he was submitting to the to
candidate Trump on a quasi regular basis
I your show he did seek to meet with
Julian Assange Roger stone I do not have
any evidence that that meeting actually
took place what we've seen this kind of
communication with WikiLeaks and with
gusoff er so far it's it's very seems
like very incomplete there's nothing
there that again indicates that there
was this master plan so you know it's
very you know I'm as fascinated as
anybody to find out how this is gonna
play out because there certainly we're
seeing what I feel like is a corner of
the puzzle and Bob Muller is looking at
you know at the picture on the box will
there be a sequel we'll see how it goes
but we're almost out of time final
thought I just think one of the things
that's fascinating is it might be about
how Roger stone interacted online the
messages he was spreading coincide with
what the Russian trolls were spreading
whether it was suppressing the black
vote or claiming voter fraud and I think
a lot of his communications happened
online even though he says he's somebody
who conducts business by phone he emails
a lot of people he text messages a lot
of people he was pretty active on social
media and this could come down to that
right and and all the dealings with with
mr. credit Co we're also very recent
texts that go to how he approached the
investigation hey I'm already Melbourne
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us
and we appreciate that
