mr. Madoff or just rested his case and
he did so because he and his legal team
believe that the government has not met
its burden of proof
welcome back you just heard from the
attorney for president Trump's former
campaign Chairman whose trial is coming
to a close
Paul Manafort spoke for the first time
in court today only to say that he would
not take the stand his defense team
rested its case without calling any
witnesses both sides will make their
closing arguments tomorrow morning and
then the jury will get its instructions
to decide mana forts fate I'm joined now
by MSNBC legal analyst and former
assistant US attorney Daniel Goldman
from outside the courthouse Daniel good
to see you outside let's start with the
defense not calling any witnesses today
and then resting its case is that normal
it happens more than you would think and
particularly in a case like this where
the whole defense is from the beginning
that it was the government's cooperating
witness who did it and that the
government doesn't have enough proof to
show that the defendant is guilty beyond
a reasonable doubt which is a
significant standard but remember
they're not calling their own case which
is really an affirmative case but they
are spending all of their time
cross-examining the government's witness
witnesses making their own case and they
did that quite effectively with the
cooperating witness Rick Gates and then
what about the jury are there signs that
there could be something wrong there
well there's a lot of sealed proceedings
going on it started on Friday when there
was an extended recess and then the
judge came back and gave in a sort of
extra emphasis to the jury not to speak
to each other not to watch TV or read
the newspaper and then yesterday morning
the there was a sealed motion filed by
the defense and the government responded
and then yesterday afternoon they had
argument on it that carried over to this
morning when we were told that the judge
was interviewing the jurors and from my
experience based on high-profile trials
like this where there's a tremendous
amount
media attention it's quite possible that
one or more jurors may have received
information from outside the courtroom
which they're not allowed to see or
consider and the real issue is that they
would have been told the other jurors so
we don't know exactly what's going on
but my suspicion is that that is a
mistrial motion filed by the defense in
order to because of something related to
the jury and what about the prosecution
and them asking the judge to to make it
clear to the jury that his mid-trial
comments are not as important as he made
them out to be what's going on with that
so at the end of the day the parties met
it with the judge and went over the
instructions that the judge is going to
give the jury and the only issue that
the prosecution had with the judges
proposed instructions was one relating
to the judges comments during trial and
you may remember Katie that there was a
comment by the judge during rick gates
cross-examination which really had
undermined the credibility of gates that
the judge was asking himself which is
entirely inappropriate and the
government wanted the judge in his jury
instructions to add a little extra
emphasis to the notion that the judges
comments during the trial may not be
considered by the jury and there was an
interesting colloquy but back and forth
between the judge and the prosecutor who
specifically referenced that that a
question that the judge made of rick
gates and what should we expect tomorrow
well we're gonna have fireworks we're
gonna have the closing arguments which
is sort of what this is all boiled down
to and one thing to note is that because
the judge has moved this trial so
quickly the government has really
expedited its case but they've admitted
a lot of additional documents and
evidence that they have not yet shown to
the jury we're gonna finally see all of
that wrapped up neatly into a
presentation by the prosecution during
their closing argument where they are
going to argue quite strenuously that
the documents themselves aided by the
co-operators testimony show that man
affords guilty on the flip side you're
going to see Paul Manafort lawyer saying
that this is all about Rick gates and
that he is the mastermind behind all of
this
that that's why the government has not
met its burden so we'll have to see we
will see Daniel Goldman
thank you very much nice to see you
outside hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more beat the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
