we would not be here for today's signing
ceremony without the dedicated efforts
of the members of Congress who worked so
hard to pass the National Defense
Authorization Act
congresswoman Elyse Stephanie I also
want to thank representative Don Baker
dan Donovan and Joe Wilson who are with
us today also there's another member of
Congress here today she is terrific
congresswoman martha mcsalley okay five
members of Congress there's president
trump thanking five members of Congress
before signing a new defense bill into
law on Monday he failed to mention the
senator for whom the bill is named John
McCain this is not the first time Trump
has snubbed McCain a war hero who was
currently home in Arizona battling brain
cancer he was captured
sandy flew combat mission in twice
justice being captured make you a hero I
don't know I'm not sure he's a war hero
because he was captured
I like people that weren't captured okay
I hate to tell you I would have gotten
rid of everything but as you know one of
our one of our wonderful senators said
thumbs down at door talk in the morning
president Trump didn't have the
opportunity to be captured of course
because he didn't serve he also failed
to mention that John McCain and the
great service he has given to America in
his speech yesterday so you know what
Ally and I will John McCain is in fact a
war hero he's a third generation
military man who graduated from the
Naval Academy back in 1958 while flying
his 23rd mission in the Vietnam War
McCain's bomber jet was shot down he was
able to eject himself from the plane but
broke both arms and a leg in the process
he landed in a lake wearing 50 pounds of
gear and sank to the bottom he was only
able to escape drowning by using his
teeth to pull an inflatable life
preserver McCain was pulled out of the
lake by a group of people who be kicked
and stabbed him multiple times only then
he was thrown in a Vietnamese prison
without medical attention for days
McCain then survived in solitary
confinement for a total of two years
he was offered early release but turned
it down because he refused to leave
until those American prisoners who were
jailed before him were released after
that he was beaten every two to three
hours for days he survived with even
more broken bones and cracked ribs in
all mccain spent two thousand and eight
days in captivity that's five and a half
years when he didn't see his wife and
children a total of six years he was
without them the government awarded
McCain the Silver Star the Purple Heart
the bronze medal the Navy Combat Action
Ribbon the prisoner of war medal and
many many many more honors he then went
on and spent 31 years serving his
country as a u.s. senator so let us
please recap for you President Trump
Senator John McCain survived being blown
out of the sky sinking to the bottom of
a lake five and a half years of torture
and is now battling brain cancer and mr.
Trump if you wonder about his time in
captivity we invite you to watch him
walk to this day he walks with a limp
and he cannot raise his arms above his
shoulders he fought and nearly died
multiple times for the freedoms we enjoy
every day here's how he described his
time in captivity in his own words at
the Republican National Convention in
2008 I fell in love with my country when
I was a prisoner in someone else's I
loved it not just for the many comforts
of life here I loved it for its decency
for its faith the wisdom justice and
goodness of its people
I was never the same again I wasn't my
own man anymore I was my country's I was
in the cell in which he was held in in
Vietnam to be in it for a minute and to
think somebody spent two years in
captivity this is not partisan this has
got nothing to do with anything there
are heroes and there are not heroes John
McCain is an American Hero how hard
would it have been for the president to
read something like you just did
something to honor a man for whom the
bill is named of
who has given his life and by the way as
you said generations of his family have
given their lives in service to the
United States this is just not hard to
do John McCain is a man who deserves
honor putting country first is what a
leader would do again that defense bill
was named in honor of that war hero John
McCain and President Trump went far out
of his way to simply not say senator
McCain's name yes
stunning but he went out of his way to
talk about the fake news media actually
congratulate himself for not using the
word and then launched into a diatribe
about the fake news so whatever all
right
hey you could see more money in your
paycheck hold on one more thank you so
much for your service to this country
Senator McCain we're sorry the president
couldn't speak to himself
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
