welcome back to velh chain rule we're
following breaking news out of Genoa
Italy at least 22 people are dead after
a bridge collapsed during a massive
storm earlier today reportedly crushing
multiple vehicles and dozens of people
who were below the bridge as you can see
on the right is raised highway linking
the central part of the city to the
airport and towns along the coast there
it is before it collapsed on the on the
left before and now you can see the
stunning before-and-after pictures have
you been to Genoa it's the mirandy
bridge NBC's Matt Bradley's covering
this story for us Matt what do we know
so far Ally the main thing we keep
hearing is that that number of dead that
you just mentioned 22 it's expected to
rise today probably dramatically because
you know Ally that bridge that you just
showed images of it doesn't just span
over a body of water which is quite
small it's actually goes over a huge
industrial area kind of like a sunken
industrial campus underneath that bridge
that means that people working below the
bridge are also going to be among the
dead in the injured so it all happened
around noon Italy time today during a
the major storm and high winds the
bridge collapse right at the outset of
Italy's summer holidays that's when
quite a few people would be driving
across it because this highway connects
Italy with the South of France so the
middle chunk as you can see of this huge
bridge it simply fell out and about 200
firefighters have swarmed the scene
they're still trying to peel away the
layers of that bridge trying to reach
survivors who might be in those cars or
underneath the layers of that bridge
after they fell and you know this bridge
alley had just been refurbished about
two years ago and work was still
actually being done on it when it
collapsed today so alongside all that
human cost the political fallout is
likely to be huge so that's at least
poor infrastructure has been a huge
topic this is an issue because when a
bridge collapses and there as you said
it's not just water underneath there are
actually people and businesses the
rescue is complicated by the fact that
there's still a bridge span up there
that we don't know why why the first one
fell in the first place so this is
uniquely difficult and dangerous because
it's not like it's just aftermath and
you're trying to find survivors that's
right I mean if you're seeing these
images it's snarled rebar lots of big
chunks of concrete this is tons and tons
of infrastructure that fell onto the
heads of the people who were working
underneath and so these rescue workers
they're really going through some
death-defying derring-do trying to get
these guys out you know we're seeing
people images of rescue workers trying
to extract people they're trying to take
victims and roubles from stretchers that
are attacked attached to cables that are
suspended from cranes firefighters
climbing over these jagged pieces of
concrete so in many ways I mean I think
the rescue looks almost as terrifying as
the bridge collapse itself Ali I'm Matt
thanks very much Matt Bradley for us in
London covering this tragic story in in
Italy our thoughts are with all of those
people in Genoa
today hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking
out our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
