the defense and the trial of Paul
Manafort has rested its case joining me
now from the courthouse Julia Ainsley
that's pretty advanced any businesses go
ahead explain what happened to the
defense his rest
the defense is Rusted Andrea they did
not bring any witnesses and it's
important to remember that they don't
have to bring any witnesses it is the
burden of the government to show that
beyond a reasonable doubt what Paul
Manafort did was criminal the government
the defense does not have to show
anything to the contrary he's presumed
innocent and it could be that really if
they tried to bring forth character
witnesses it wouldn't do enough for the
jury what they want to do is clean a
seat of doubt on every one of these
counts whether that be bank fraud or tax
evasion they want enough for the Witte
for the jury to say on each of these 16
counts perhaps that's not the full story
maybe what the prosecution is saying
shouldn't be believed because of the way
the defense was in the cross-examination
yesterday they were somewhat successful
and how they cross-examined some people
putting some doubt on whether or not
pump a mana Ford actually committed bank
fraud for example but another key piece
of this andrea is that this is coming
after a two and a half hour recess
another time where the judge meant
privately with the jury and we don't
know what was said we don't know if
there are issues with the jury that
could be big enough to send this entire
thing into a mistrial and to make this
conversation I'm having with you a moot
point
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
