for months the me2 movement shed light
on the realities of being a woman in
Hollywood and across lots of other
industries the latest executive thrown
into the spotlight CBS president and CEO
les Moonves he's facing allegations of
harassment and intimidation inside the
workplace
Moonves has admitted he may have made
some women uncomfortable by making
advances but insists he has never used
his position to hinder anyone's career
CBS is conducting a full investigation
into the allegations and it has been
nearly nine months since the height of
this movement and now some are asking
has anything really changed in the post
me to era my friend Kara Swisher flagged
this extraordinary New York Times op-ed
and the writer is here now Scoville is a
writer and producer behind the shows
like The Simpsons Murphy Brown and Late
Night with David Letterman those are
some good ones and most recently the
author of the new book just the funny
parts a few hard truths about sneaking
into the Hollywood boys club she joins
me now all right now where are we in
post me - in Hollywood a very quote sexy
industry well I hope we're not post me -
I hope we're just at the beginning of me
- and I think a wareness has been raised
and with awareness you get education you
get empathy and you hope that will
change behavior I don't see any systemic
reform since these the news stories
started breaking and that's unfortunate
because that's how you speed along
change behavior and also if there's one
thing we've learned from all these
stories the system isn't protecting the
most vulnerable so if the system doesn't
protect the most vulnerable and people
say as it relates to Hollywood this is
just how the industry works honey you'll
never change it right there's an
attitude that it's like office supplies
you know everyone steals them you know
so it's okay it's not okay and there are
too often we think of warnings against
sexual harassment as suggestions from HR
they're not there these men are not
crossing the line they're breaking the
law you know it's title 7 of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964
it is unlawful to make sexual advances
or request sexual favors
well they said that no one would go to
bars when they stopped allowing smoking
in there and last I checked bars are
packed right here in New York City all
right there was a moment that sparked
you opening up about your time writing
for Dave Letterman and I want to show
that clip creepy stuff was that I have
had sex with women who work for me on
this show now my response to that is yes
I have so that was funny to his audience
I can't imagine what it was like for
people who work there CBS issued a
statement after saying Letterman's
comments spoke for themselves what did
they say to you well I had worked on the
show in 1990 I was the second woman to
ever write for for David Letterman and
look no one who ever worked on the show
was surprised by those comments and I
did speak out at the time I wrote a an
article for Vanity Fair about the
harassment I witnessed at the show it
was a hostile work environment but it
was pre I worked there pre Anita Hill so
we didn't even have the vocabulary look
like I just thought it was messed up we
have the vocabulary now the question I
have do we have the space to actually
openly talk about it and I want to share
Dan Harmon this is the creative
community he admitted to his own
wrongdoing during the height of me too
and I want to share what was written I
crushed on her and resented her for not
reciprocating it and the entire time I
was the one writing her paychecks and in
control of whether she stayed or went
and whether she felt good about herself
or not and said horrible things just
treated her cruelly pointedly things I
would never ever would have done if she
were male and if I ever had and if I had
never had feelings for her you write
that for every me too there is also a
- can you explain this because many
people think I don't even want to hear
from these guys they should say nothing
well I actually think it's very
admirable that Dan Harmon said that
there are some women who say this is a
time for men to listen I disagree I
think this is a time for more
conversation I think men should feel
safe to say I'm not sure I did the right
thing or you know whether but just for a
minute
is it admirable to come out and say I
did it or is he just playing a smart
game of crisis management because you
know that trains about to run you over
well I I think the cover-up is what in
the it's the old aids slogan of silence
equals death I think you have to speak
out about these things and you know
we've got all this screaming in our
heads until it gets let out the this
behavior will continue have we made me
to too much of a black and white issue
that men who are in power even if
they're not personally involved in me -
they're simply afraid to touch it it's a
toxic subject it is and and that's where
you don't get the education and you
don't get the empathy so right now we
have journalists are really performing
the role of Hollywood's HR departments
and so when is it going to come become
internal and when is the industry itself
going to pay attention well
HR departments work for the company the
company that's run by the man but it is
so important that we open up this
conversation because we make it so black
and white
you're gonna one side of us is going to
end up on the wrong side and you know
who runs everything right now it mostly
dudes hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
