Oh as I'm sure many of you know that are
watching the show Donald Trump is
tweeting again and tweeting about his
former White House adviser Omarosa and
he just posted this a short time ago
quote when you give a crazed crying
lowlife a break and give her a job at
the White House I guess it just didn't
work out good work by general Kelly for
quickly firing that dog we've heard it
said before and we've heard it discussed
before about how tyrants and autocrats
and yes fascists communists others have
used the language of dehumanization to
justify well a movement away from
democracy and a movement away from
decent standards and I'll tell you just
in the past 10 minutes I did a quick
search on on why certain leaders do that
I found an NPR article where they
interviewed David Livingstone Smith who
wrote a book called less than human the
psychology of cruelty and as NPR
explained during the interview that
during the Holocaust Nazis referred to
Jews as rats in Rwanda genocide was
often justified with the calling Tutsis
cockroaches slave owners throughout
history considered slaves subhuman
animals that was one of the key
takeaways from the book lesson human and
it argues that it's important to define
and describe dehumanization because and
again this was written in 2011 because
it opens the door for cruelty and
genocide
nobody's saying that Donald Trump is a
Nazi nobody's saying that he's Adolf
Hitler in 1938 1939 1940 but you can see
time and time again and I'll go to ally
Schaer this is actually how dictators
and tyrants opened the door and they do
it by dehumanizing their political
opponents right and you know Jo there's
a piece of this that's about language we
saw a lot of this language used during
the campaign the real problem though is
the way that it connects to policy so
when you watch what's happening at our
southern border when you watch children
being taken from their parents when you
face the reality that they're still over
500 of those children who have not been
reunited with their parents that goes
back to this language that goes back to
the fact that we have set a baseline
where these are no longer people these
are no longer people who are like us
they do not deserve the basic rights
that we as Americans enjoy and deserve
and that's where this language becomes
particularly scary well Alicia let's
follow up on that because guess what led
up to his what I think many would think
is savage behavior on the border when he
launched his campaign he talked about
Mexicans being racists just this past
year what did he call Hispanics he
called Hispanics breeders like they were
animals like they were dogs like they
were mules and we've seen it time and
time again so he uses that language and
what does it move to and moves to a
policy where infants are ripped from
their mothers breasts at the border
separated and possibly orphaned for life
there actually is precedent here mm-hmm
and and Jo this language is not new
right I mean this language has been
played by those on the far right for a
very long time what's now alarming is
how mainstream it is becoming so
mainstream that it is now coming out of
our white house so when you hear a Laura
Ingraham giving her you know ramped
about the United States the changing
nature of the United States the
demographic shift that is happening in
the United States her connecting that
demographic shift to immigration that's
not a dog whistle that is a low horn and
it is intended to rile up people who are
upset about the fact that America is
changing and the question I have is
whether or not that is going to motivate
people going into November on on both
sides of the aisle to come out and say
this is not the way that we talk about
others in America or to see if other
people are motivated by the hate that is
being spewed and and you just really you
really don't know because I just saw a
poll in Florida one of the most
important Senate races in America Rick
Scott who's been a steadfast defender of
Donald Trump from day one he refuses to
criticize him we had him on this show
and quite frankly he embarrassed himself
by how much he was cow telling to Donald
Trump Rick Scott is only behind three
points in his race against Bill Nelson
among Latinos so you wonder whether this
bigotry this dehumanization of Hispanics
from Donald Trump in the Republican
Party is actually getting through yeah
we'll see I mean we'll learn a lot about
that coming up in the fall and there's
also as we talked about the border the
conflation of putting ms-13 out there in
every conversation so then when it comes
time to talk about separating children
from their mothers
he again brings up ms-13 and somehow
gives himself cover that those are the
kind of people were trying to keep out
of the country when in most cases there
are asylum seekers there's the language
Phil Rucker and as you cover the White
House there is the question as we look
at this most recent tweet of why Donald
Trump hired a quote crazed crying
lowlife and put her inside the West Wing
if she was so terrible yeah and Willy he
didn't just hire her but he kept her in
that job for a year yeah he tweeted
yesterday that she was not showing up to
work she would miss meetings her
colleagues didn't like her she was hated
inside the building and you wonder why
he protected her for so long why he kept
her in that job and it wasn't just any
job she was an assistant to the
president make
the top salary of $180,000 a year she
was in the senior staff meetings she had
access to the Oval Office she had broad
responsibilities and paid for by the
taxpayers and so you really have to
wonder where the management decisions
were made why they were made and why she
stayed for so long well here's the
reason he gave yesterday in a tweet he
said when General Kelly came on board he
told me Omarosa was a loser nothing but
problems I told him to try to work it
out if possible because she only said
great things about me that's why she
remained in her position that's exactly
right and president Trump took advantage
of her through that year she would be
thrust out to defend him anytime there
was something controversial or he'd say
something that was perceived as racist
or or sexist or misogynist or
what-have-you it was on morosa among
others who would go on camera and defend
him and be you know sort of a face
defending him and he liked having her
there but it's important to remember
this is not his personal private
enterprise this was the government of
the United States she was an employee of
the taxpayers and stayed in that job for
a year Michael Steele I guess we
shouldn't be surprised when a reality
show host is elected president that he
brings that reality culture with him and
many of the culture the characters from
that reality show to his side inside the
White House and running the United
States government absolutely from from
the very beginning this is what this has
been every day is another episode in an
ongoing series the president plays this
out on Twitter all of the characters
inside that orbit you know play out
their respective roles and and it gets
manifested in moments like this where at
some point as we've seen the villain in
this case Omarosa who was brought into
trump's world originally to play that
role on The Apprentice Strikes Back and
now the president is having to deal with
you know a person of his own creation
she is his mini-me and and in many
respects does Donald Trump a great
service because she does Donald Trump
better than
Trump in many respects and he's trying
to figure out how to get his footing to
deal with her I take from this tweet one
other interesting thing I was it
listening to the earlier conversation
about it and I couldn't help but
thinking the use of the term dog at the
end of that was Trump's way of saying
something that he knew he couldn't put
in print about Omarosa and so that just
tells you just how much he has gotten to
him and and it'll be interesting to see
whether or not she can bring out a
Donald Trump something that we rarely
get to see and that is an uglier side of
what is already about each side of
Donald Trump won by the way the ugliness
continues this morning not verified yet
by NBC but CBS had Elmer Osan and
another tape
Brian clasp tweeted this and recorded
call Katrina Pierson allegedly Katrina
Pierson a senior Trump campaign official
thought about how she could best spin a
recording where Donald Trump was using
the n-word and class reminds us in case
you missed it that's the same Katrina
Pierce and wondering whether there are
any quote pure breeds left any sub
tweeted at Katrina Pierson Katrina
Pierson tweet perfect Obama's dead born
in Africa Mitt Romney's dad born in
Mexico are pure breed any pure breeds
left and at least these these are people
that Donald Trump surrounds himself with
these are people that Donald Trump's
perfectly fine with and and you know
it's not just that he's using the n-word
it's that they're trying to spin it the
best way they can spin it and the person
trying to spin it is is is saying
publicly that she's disgusted that there
are no quote pure breeds left well
that's really big picture I think what
we should take away from this episode
it's not really about Omarosa so much
just as it's about someone who came in
was clearly opportunistic with no
loyalty as soon as she decides that the
Trump bandwagon isn't worth staying
hitched to her I mean she was fired too
I jumped ship and would rather do that
than to take a payout every month by
working at the slush super PAC that is
paying people to go on all expense
around the country and so you see with
her what other Trump officials will
probably do in the coming months and
years they're going to also come out
with their own stories and disavow as
they all try to take care of themselves
because Donald Trump has shown that he's
all about his own self-interest and that
has trickled down to everyone on the
staff - thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
