after 10 days the prosecution has rested
its case against Paul Manafort before
they did the jury heard from a witness
Jim Brennan vice president of a bank
that found several red flags while
considering whether alone Mr Man afford
16 million dollars that gets your
attention
Brendan Brennan detailed false paperwork
and misleading information from mana for
its applications including outstanding
debt undisclosed mortgages the president
of the Bank had rejected the loan
request but the decision was overturned
by the bank's CEO who according to
another witness and a key document was
hoping to get a top job in the Trump
administration now tomorrow mana forts
attorneys are expected to reveal whether
or not they will call mana Ford himself
to the stand with us to talk about all
of it two people who were in court today
Daniel Goldman former assistant US
attorney for the Southern District of
New York and Los Angeles Times reporter
Chris mcgahren who covers the Special
Counsel investigation Daniel were very
glad you've been willing to dip into the
court proceedings as our kind of special
correspondent this week what struck you
as this of all
just it's case well the one thing that
really stood out is this CEO that you
mentioned Stephen caulk it was almost as
if the defense was starting to lay the
foundation for an argument that Paul
Manafort in some ways is so dirty that
the real reason he got this loan was not
because he committed bank fraud but
because he offered to do a personal
favor for the CEO by trying to get him
an administration job and that for them
basically to set up the argument to say
hey this might be a bad guy and he might
have done a bad thing to get this loan
but it's not the bad thing that's
charged in this indictment so you have
to rule it say that you know you have to
vote not guilty Chris I am looking at
this email I am holding it in my hand
this this Bank CEO just talks openly
about the job titles he'd like starting
with secretary the Army Treasury and
then ambassadorships the UK France
Germany some some big allies of ours
talk about the nexus between the Trump
campaign and this mana Ford case well
this is actually one of the most
interesting parts of the trial because
this is one of the few places where this
trial actually overlaps with politics
and the Trump campaign most of the
charges have nothing to do with the
campaign or Paul mana Ford's work on the
campaign however here is a situation
where a bank CEO allegedly wanted a job
so much on the campaign and therefore
afterwards in the Trump administration
there's willing to put up his own
company's money you know 16 million
dollars to secure himself a spot in that
administration a job he done eventually
get but still that's quite the bet
Daniel prediction does mana Ford take
the stand would you put him on and how
much of a case do you think the defense
will mount I would be absolutely shocked
if Manta Ford took the stand
I think the defense's view is our theory
of the case is that we were going to
attack Rick Gates and put it all on him
we got pretty good traction from our
cross-examination on that we're not
going to mess with that by putting
someone like Manta Ford on the stand and
because that's their theory I
actually think they very well may not
call any witnesses at all and just play
the government didn't meet its burden
and defense by saying we don't need any
witnesses because they didn't even make
their case Wow that'll be interesting to
watch and Chris Megerian what do you
still want answered well at this point
definitely want to see what the defense
is going to do if they have other
information about Rick gates that would
further undermine his credibility they
asked a lot of questions about you know
was Rick gates honest in this moment was
Rick gates honest in that moment could
they present evidence to show thee
wasn't honest in this situation we don't
know about yet we're not sure hopefully
we'll find out more in tomorrow hey
there arm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
