thing one tonight GOP congressman Chris
Collins reversed himself this weekend
announcing that actually he will not
seek re-election after federal
prosecutors accused him of committing
insider trading while at the White House
picnic Collins denies any wrongdoing
Collins was the first member of Congress
to endorse Donald Trump for president
and now an arguably even bigger Trump
fan has entered the race to replace him
many people first met him back in 2010
when he ran for New York governor
debating both this guy the rent is too
damn high guy and the Manhattan Madame
Kristin Davis among many many others but
now he wants to leverage his
relationship with Trump for a seat in
Congress I want the 27th district to
benefit from my at might access my
relationship with the president noted
states the return of Buffalo New York's
own mini Trump Carl Paladino is thing
too in 60 seconds so Carl Paladino has
jumped into the race to replace fellow
Republican Chris Collins in Congress
after Collins announced he won't run for
re-election while facing insider trading
charges Palladino was the New York
co-chair of Donald Trump's presidential
campaign despite a history of scandal
when he was running for governor in 2010
a trove of Paladino x' emails featured
racism bestiality and pornography one
video Palladino sent around entitled
Obama inauguration rehearsal showed an
african tribesmen dancing and it somehow
gets worse asked his hopes for 2017
Palladino said he wanted Barack Obama to
die of mad cow disease and that Michelle
Obama should return to a cave in
Zimbabwe among other awful things back
when he was running for governor in 2010
Palladino got in a memorial
confrontation with a New York Post
reporter
watch Palladino was crushed in that
governor's race losing to Andrew Cuomo
by 30 points in his concession speech he
made a promise that despite all the
scandal is now coming true in the era of
Trump make no mistake you have not heard
the last of Carl Paladino
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
