welcome back tonight and meet the
midterms kind of a interesting one today
congressional candidates well they say
the darndest things now don't they
we've got a trio of trip ups today let's
start with Virginia Republican
congressman Dave brat who told inmates
dealing with drug addiction quote you
think you're having a hard time I got
five million worth of negative ads going
at me yes write to somebody in prison
anyway moments later Brad acknowledged
the inmates they have it slightly harder
than he does with this negative ads then
there's Democratic congressional
candidate Donna she later who broke the
cardinal rule of campaigning in South
Florida never ask a pro Fidel Castro
politician to speak on your behalf
Jelena invited and then disinvited
congresswoman barbara Lee who has
praised Fidel Castro in the past to
campaign with her well let's just say
that wouldn't exactly help shillelagh
who is struggling with Cuban voters in
this district that Democrats are
expecting to flip and then lastly Iowa
Congressman Steve King you could do all
segments sometimes on the darndest thing
he says he tweeted an endorsement for a
white nationalist candidate for mayor of
Toronto obviously was Steve King not the
first time he's endorsed a white
nationalist and it was met with a
torrent of responses the conservative
publication of my friend Charlie Sykes
his employer the Weekly Standard dubbed
King America's most deplorable
congressman and he called him an
embarrassment to the Republican Party
we'll see if that has any impact in
western Iowa we'll be back with more on
TV daily after this
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more me to
press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
