let me ask you about the the birth of
thing because I'm curious about that one
day in the right before the general
likes he just dropped it
the tactical chair and what did you met
and do you believe he dropped it
permanently or he's because we read
stories we hear stories he still plays
with it once in a while he still picks
at it that Obama was born in Indonesia
at born in Kenya the absurd idea to that
white woman from Kansas would
purposefully go over to Africa or
Indonesia have the kid come back have
been Foley falsely recorded in Honolulu
newspapers that are babies what then
name the kid Hussein Obama you know I
mean it's just you know Barack Hussein
Obama it's insane and nobody who isn't a
racist would make a claim like that
right that's what I believe in unhinged
I described the event you're talking
about at Trump Hotel where he had all
these veterans come and then he says
Barack Obama was born in the US that's
it and he felt that he put the birther
movement to bed does he do bed were they
no but behind the scenes they were
forcing him to say that and he didn't
want to he did it very very but
grudgingly do you think he's gonna use
it again probably I just wanted to come
out and say he never said it multiple
news reel why I think he lied if he does
he'll be embarrassed because the tape
will come out to show exactly what he
said what start about what happened to
you somewhere along the lines I think he
betrayed his relationship with you Trump
he dropped his support for you or
something how did you end up in the
Situation Room with General Kelly baby
with the door locked and you're
basically almost being guillotine like
you're gonna get fired so fast and run
out of there so fast you can't say a
word yeah what are you making that he
also said that things could get ugly for
me and there would be damage to my
reputation he took our leader general
Kelly what do you mean he meant that if
I didn't go along with them if you
didn't walk out the door no no no that
if I didn't go along with what they were
saying that I would resign and stay on
until the 20th and then ultimately sign
this $15,000 a month agreement with the
Trump campaign to say silent they wanted
to buy my silence if I didn't go along
with that things would get ugly for me
and there would be damaged from our
reputation he took me in the Situation
Room which was very unusual so that
which room was that was in the day or
summer bin Laden room it was there it
was the president's conference room in
this it wasn't the room where we watched
Hillary Clinton no not a small one
that's the smaller one on the lower
level this was the
you know the door was locked behind it
cuz that's creepy how'd that bolt you
can't enter the situation room without
there them allowing you access and you
can't exit without them allowing you
exit couldn't get out of the room
because I've been in there I had gone in
there when we had this hurry great thing
I mean it's not you do it's it's a very
ominous place but it's supposed to be
the most secure place so why would he
take me in there that's the question
what's the answer I asked him if I could
leave they told me four times I couldn't
leave he wanted to intimidate me he
wanted to put fear of me and he didn't
want anyone to know what they were doing
to me in that room why do you think that
somebody said to me today they thinks
knowing their geography of the White
House they took you down to the basement
to the sit room so that you wouldn't be
near the president and you couldn't just
bolt as a friend of the presidents you
fell you're a friend of the Pres you
would they say oh my if we if we do this
and the speaker the chief of staff's
office was just right in the Oval Office
he'll just ball two doors down and talk
to Trump yeah did you ever since they
sequestered you down on purpose
oh he did that on purpose he not only
wanted to have me isolated he wanted me
to be afraid and he was effective that I
was you were afraid because you went in
there just like you're here and you
boldface Lee walked in and with a
recording device how did you get past
the electronic sensors they can pick up
on a recording machine in the Situation
Room how did you pull it off you know
Chris because of the threats from the
president his legal team I'm going to
not share that everybody have a pen
here's what I will tell you that I'm so
glad that I did it because no one it no
one would believe me if I didn't have
that recording that dot that general
Kelly said that he runs the White House
and not the president he's in control
the staff answers to him and not the
president no one would believe that he
would say then that Donald Trump is
being puppet it when you got this my
mind jumping around here there's so much
that working today took hours but you
know when you were listening to that
tape finally after you published
unhinged we sell books here you you go
out here listen to the tape and you
finally get to hear him saying this
awful racially derogatory stuff
multiple times in that's three minutes
you listen to did you ever try to retake
that did you bring a tape recording with
that in fact why did he was very
specific to put it put headphones on but
I immediately call Laura and
and Eric that's Eric's wife to share
what I learned and we had those
conversations I actually had those
conversations with her where I shared
with her this is Laura Trump mmm I
called her to tell her what I heard and
what was happening hmm and they weren't
she wasn't surprised she was just kind
of in damage control mode let's talk
about this non-disclosure thing the only
thing I know about non-disclosure is
you're a public employee you're paid by
the United States government the idea of
a non-disclosure would only be if you
made a separate I guess a contract
another thing you could ever be required
to sign a contract as a public employee
what is this about the Trump people
saying they've got a non-disclosure
signed by you not by me in fact they
presented me this NDA they brought it to
my office they refused to allow me it
was your doing that what would you get
out of that the moment they said I
couldn't show it to my attorneys I knew
that what would you get out of signing
something like that it was because
Donald Trump was tired of the leaks and
he thought that he if he had these
agreements that he could fear put fear
in people and they would stop leaking
but it didn't stop the leakers
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
