welcome emarosa thank you for coming on
tonight I've been following this story
and all the interviews you've done so I
want to get to some stories that just
questions get to me you seemed it was
suspected when you heard that Donald
Trump had used the n-word had made
racially derogatory things back when he
was filming in fact the first year of
the apprentice what made you think they
might be true well I didn't discover it
until the fall of the campaign in 2016
when a producer bill Pruitt came out and
he tweeted that Donald Trump had said
some very horrible things including some
racist things and some things about
Jewish people and that was the first
time we became aware of it on the
campaign and in fact we had a meeting
Jason Miller Lynn Pat and Katrina
Campins we had a conference call and we
talked about what we would do in fact
Katrina Pearson said that she thought he
actually said it
that was his campaign spokesperson the
Jew when you first heard that story by
Bell Pro and the others and the
confirmation by her they did you go oh
is that the guy I know what was your
sort of emotional reaction to that as an
african-american woman my first reaction
to it was it was just this can't be true
this is somebody I've known since 2003
he had always been kind to me as I said
repeatedly in dozens and dozens of
interviews and so when I heard it my
first instinct was to protect him and
not to dive deeper because I just
dismissed it as untrue well you did
eventually dive deep or even after
publication of book you went out you
actually heard the tape I did when you
heard the tape did you get a sense that
the person I know you don't want to give
away the source that the person who has
the tape or a copy of it is planning to
use it at some point yes in fact I
believe that they're using it for
politically motivated things in fact
they may before November before November
another good game or a nice I don't know
what their political you don't know
you're telling me they used to be a part
of the production staff for The
Apprentice and they saw it on it took it
on themselves to actually document this
so that they could actually expose him
for the races that he is they have a
copy you said of the tally of the audio
when you listen to the parts you heard
did how many times did you hear mr.
Trump your former boss how many times
did you hear him use the n-word multiple
times and what's the buy-in or what it
was three minutes multiple times and
what's upsetting about it is it was
about someone
was on the cast with me about Kwame
Jackson who was the african-american
contestant male contestants abroad here
in the first season of The Apprentice
that's why it was the stuff it was so
derogatory sort of this stuff I'm older
than you grew up with some of the bad
stuff was it like was there like
derogatory references to him it's an
african-american this is stereotypical
comic commentary well how'd you describe
this as if he used it every day it
rolled off his mouth kind of like when
you first heard the Access Hollywood
tape you never imagined he talked that
way it just kind of rolled off of his
tongue but what's more disturbing is
that you heard that it's amazing that
for two years these folks have been
trying to reach out to me and I guess I
was in denial I certainly didn't want to
engage with people who I thought was
trying to bring Trump down and after you
know I closed the book I had an
opportunity to go out there and to meet
with him and he's terrified but he also
thinks that he's doing a good service to
save this country from a president who
clearly doesn't care about African amend
you think the broad drop to stay
publicly no idea and I am not involved
with the drop of this tape I just had an
opportunity to verify that it was in
fact Donald Trump on the tape using
these derogatory did you hear any any
anti-semitic anti Jewish community
coming no Bill Pruitt said that those
things were included in the tape to tape
that I heard had quite a few things that
he said I didn't hear the anti-semitic
thing we ask you about the about the
birtherism and that was a big issue with
me on this show that was you know and
then I want to reason your book you
write during boardroom outtakes on The
Apprentice Donald Trump to talk about
Obama off and he hated him he never
explained why but now I believe it was
because Obama was black and back in 2011
when he first flirted with a
presidential run Donald Trump embraced
and promoted the right-wing conspiracy
theory that President Obama was not born
in the US let's watch that in action no
no if he has a birth certificate he
should release it all I want to do is
see this guy's birth certificate if he
weren't lying why wouldn't he just solve
it and I went I wish he would because if
he doesn't it's one of the greatest
scams in the history of politics and in
the history period
our current president came out of
nowhere
came out of nowhere in fact I'll go a
step further the people that went to
school with them they don't even know
they never saw him they don't know who
he is crazy remember us in your book on
his which is coming out tomorrow you
called him on this What did he say as an
African as an African woman he's looking
at you and you said them what'd you say
to him about this birther thing about
the first thing he said was that the
Hillary Clinton people started the
birther movement Omar oh so you're so
naive they started it this is who
started and then he said it was just
political that he was just going after
him because it was political not because
of his race but I don't believe that to
be true and what other thing at the time
did you believe it at the time he said
it was politically motivated it's not
personal and he started making these
assertions that Hillary Clinton started
it and I just kind of stepped back I
wanted to see in fact if they started
the birther movement I took it all kind
of at face value but now that I know
what I know about him he was certainly
going after him because of his race
George Wallace I would what bugs me
about what you said I do disagree one
thing when a politician uses race
negatively he's a racist yeah and and
you say you you did you accept the idea
was just politics he was playing not
wanted to give him the benefit of doubt
like I said I had a blind spot for
Donald Trump but he continued it in a
very very derogatory way and as I've
seen today just having him call me out
of my name calling me a lowlife say that
I'm not an intelligent this is what he
do what this is what he does when it
comes to african-american Maxine Maxine
Waters he did the same thing to her low
IQ he gets very specific about it
absolutely particularly with
african-americans he think that we're
all stupid do you think he believes that
I think so hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
