welcome back one of the FBI's top agents
has been fired Peter struck was one of
the top agents on the Russia probe but
was removed when Robert Muller
discovered he had exchanged text
messages during the campaign that were
critical of then candidate Donald Trump
the president and his allies have
pointed to structs anti-trump text
messages as smoking gun proof of bias
and corruption at the FBI struck says
his work was never affected and his
lawyers suggested the firing was
politically motivated
president Trump issued a celebratory
tweet that Peter struck was just fired
from the FBI finally the list of bad
players in the FBI and DOJ gets longer
and longer based on the fact that struck
was in charge of the witch-hunt will it
be dropped so how will struck respond to
all of this his lawyer
Eitan Goldman joins me now thank you so
much for being here we appreciate your
time why was Peter struck fired well
thanks for having me I don't think that
you can rationally reach any conclusion
other than it was political pique along
with several other employees who sent
anti Trump texts were referred to the
Office of Professional Responsibility or
OPR that's division within the FBI that
is in charge of internally disciplining
agents and we had a process a normal
process where we engaged with OPR and
submitted something writing and went in
and orally presented they decided that
what the appropriate punishment should
be is a 60-day suspension demotion and
signing what's called a last chance
letter which basically is double-secret
probation and says that you can be fired
if you do anything else wrong that
decision was overruled by the Deputy
Director of the FBI it's something that
he had the authority to do because it
was delegated from the director of the
FBI but it is a vanishingly rare
occurrence for things to happen this way
and I it's difficult to believe given
the steady drumbeat of text demonizing
Pete from the president and all the
calls on Capitol
Hill by Republicans for Pete to be fired
that that didn't play a role in the
question she they play a role though be
specific you're talking about this being
politically motivated are you charging
that the President himself said to
somebody a DOJ I want Peter struck out
remove him now are you claiming that or
are you claiming the culture that was
created around the president's text and
and say that congressional testimony
last month was was so toxic that it or
so influential that it pushed someone at
the DOJ or at the FBI to decide to fire
struck oh I think both are true
I mean you already have I think a
incident where President Trump spoke I
think it was Pete sessions and
encouraged him to fire to fire Pete
stress are you saying the Donald Trump
spoke to sessions maybe and then
sessions relayed that message to the FBI
and the FBI fired struck on Donald
Trump's orders no I'm not I'm saying
that Donald Trump Trump spoke to
sessions and that is had been reported
before and recursion to fire
Trump also and his allies in Capitol
Hill repeatedly called for struck to be
fired so it's not a secret backdoor
thing they are publicly demonizing this
band saying you should no longer be an
agent has the FBI officially explained
why struck was fired well we got a we
got a letter we got a letter on Friday
and it contained the entire packet from
the disciplinary process with OPR which
included a 25 page letter setting
everything out included the sign last
chance agreement that we executed and I
think it was July 26th and then there
was a one and a half page letter from
Deputy Director Bowditch overruling the
OPR decision and you know just saying
that Pete's tacs were responsible for
bringing the FBI into disrepute and he
concluded that the only appropriate
punishment was dismissal so every wildly
inconsistent with with past precedent in
terms of just so everyone's clear when
you say OPR it's the Office of
Professional Responsibility and let me
ask you something very specifically does
OPR in its assessment explicitly say
that Peter Struck's behavior didn't
qualify for dismissal no no not at all
in fact they you know were very critical
of Beatz behavior what they concluded
however is that on balance and there's a
whole kind of statutory framework of
factors that are supposed to be
considered called the Douglas factors
given the you know near certainty that
Pete is not going to do anything wrong
in the future it's not gonna be a
recidivist given his stellar career and
all the contributions he's made and you
know given the the unanimous high regard
that he his work is handled in the
Bureau that unbalanced the the demotion
and these are very serious consequences
the demotion and the suspension was the
right call and and not dismissal and and
that was overturned by the Deputy
Director agent struck spoke out
forcefully against the idea that those
text messages mean that he implicitly
had bias that he wasn't able to put his
bias aside and conduct a fair investing
and we should note that there's no
evidence to point out that Peter struck
made-up information that would start the
Russia investigation we should also note
that there were no leaks about the
Russia investigation before the election
which would have certainly potentially
tipped public opinion about Donald Trump
or swayed it in one way or another that
being said we have folks on in the
Democratic Party including a
representative SWA well today who said
that ya struck deserve to be fired those
anti Trump messages are hard to put
aside and you had Frank Fugazi we had
him on MSNBC a little bit earlier the
former FBI counterintelligence agents
and he said listen the FBI's credibility
is all it has and they need that
credibility and what Peter struck did
took that credibility away and you can't
get that back well I mean first I think
you are absolutely right that it's
important to realize that after an
exhaustive investigation
there's no invest there's no not a
scintilla of evidence that any of Pete's
political opinions affected his job and
in fact you can read the IG report who
says that Pete was one of the more
aggressive people on the Hillary Clinton
email investigation and if he had wanted
to somehow impact the election he could
have easily done it and did not do it in
terms of you know what is the
appropriate punishment here Pete has has
repeatedly expressed remorse I don't
think that there's any question that he
showed poor judgment in sending these
tweets I mean we have to remember that
it was in the context of a kind of
bizarre unprecedented presidential
campaign and you know the tweets should
I mean the the texts need to be
considered in that light but you know
Pete signed a last chance agreement and
was willing to take a punishment that
the Office of Professional
Responsibility who is headed by somebody
who has decades of experience and is not
known within the FBI as a kind of warm
fuzzy cuddly person she's very
tough and this is what she decided was
appropriate so you know with all due
respect to congressman swallow well the
way we decide in this country what
punishment is appropriate whether we're
talking about sentencing after a
criminal case or whether we're talking
about internal administrative discipline
is by looking at past precedent and this
is way out of proportion
let me ask you one other question when
are we gonna hear directly from mr.
struck is he gonna speak out publicly in
the way that James Comey did Peters
considering his options he is only now
finds himself as an ex-fbi agent instead
of an FBI agent and you know that wasn't
something that he wanted or anticipated
so he's just he's mulling things over
right now
it's on Goldman thank you so much for
your time we do appreciate it hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mind set right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
