more than a million people expected to
make their way to Des Moines for the
annual Iowa State Fair I would love just
to eat there it is more than just a fun
place to try some insane carnival eats
maybe a few rides this fair also serves
as a very popular venue for candidates
testing the water for a potential
presidential run trying out their
message in the state scheduled to hold
the first vote of the 2020 presidential
election NBC's Vaughn Hilliard went to
the fair to see what voters are thinking
about all right Vaughn go to the voters
first what did you hear from people yeah
good morning Stephanie I think it's an
important exercise you know oftentimes
people look at they kind of give an ayah
role as to why are these candidates you
know it's been more than two years out
from the presidental election coming
here to Des Moines Iowa part of what I
believe and it's not only healthy for
them but it's also healthy for us
because you have Des Moines you have
city folks but you also have from rule
Iowa people that are coming in here and
constantly I'm gonna play you some of
the sound that we got here over the
weekend when we asked the question to
voters what is the most pressing issue
on your mind what did we not hear Donald
Trump Democrats are amorosa this is what
they told us
I'm concerned most about how our allies
look at us now you know and the
disrespect that we're showing the world
climate change because it affects all of
us I'd say our economy right now in our
minimum wage here economy
is it working for you
Maran sure so it's tough affordable
housing I think it's out of control
I think it's personally greedy probably
healthcare constant medical casa
the insurance and then it goes at the
hospital costs go up immigration why
because I care about people it's that's
pretty much all it matters all that the
boils down to
women's rights their right to choose
minimum wage type jobs if I pick three
things from that healthcare education
and the party addressing those
adequately right now for you I think
their currents are trying and I think
they each have different ways of doing
it and if it gets it done I don't really
care which way they do it economically
we do the best job in the world of
raising crops I'd like to be able to
sell them to whomever we want the
tariffs are having an impact on they are
Stephanie when you hear conversations
like rural healthcare access to
broadband after all of those responses
it's it's hard to understand or to know
whether is there the consider themselves
Republicans Democrats independents
because for a lot of these people it
comes down to local issues I'll remind
you
Iowa in the presidential election is a
15-point swing from 2012 to 2016 in
order to go over to the Republicans you
also got a lot of local races the
governor's race is here they have
competitive congressional races and it
oftentimes comes down to those very
local issues Stephanie very local issues
and people were certainly covering those
there Vaughn I'm looking at that corn
dogs stand behind you please go there
get one for me hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
