financial turmoil in Turkey could have
ripple effects globally as the nation's
currency plunges after the u.s. imposed
tariffs on turkeys aluminum and steel on
Friday let's get more now from CNBC
senior economics reporter Steve Liesman
all right Steve markets are up slightly
right now but I want to go through if
and why this is a long-term concern
because early days people were concerned
that President Trump was too cozy with
an autocratic leader like air dhawan and
now suddenly we're saying wait a minute
we can't be so tough on them but is the
issue went not whether he likes or not
air Dewan but what the president the
administration's long-term strategy is
here I think that's an issue and I think
you raise a good point because all of
this takes place against a backdrop of
the United States that doesn't feel the
need anymore to be the stabilizer for
the world there were things that maybe
presidents in the past wanted to do but
they didn't do because it might
destabilize the world now yes it has
better growth going for it and maybe a
better ly capitalized banking system but
there's two issues that seem to be
driving this in the first instance it's
a stronger US dollar and that's Federal
Reserve raising interest rates while
other countries are kind of far behind
our recovery here and the second one are
these tariffs and retaliatory tariffs
that create issues for countries
especially that have bad debt problems
turkeys problems essentially are its own
but we're rubbing a little salt in the
wounds here perhaps and how's the market
going to take this because there's
always been concerned that a trade war
could result in a currency war and we
talked about it often remember trunk
loves to say that China is a currency
manipulator and we've watched we have
watched the you are and move a lot in
the last two months you know that's
exactly right Stephanie and it's a great
point because the issue is that once we
put up tariffs other countries
currencies decline and so their products
get to be less expensive and it offsets
the tariffs so that's when you had
President Trump complaining about the
Federal Reserve and saying you guys are
raising interest rates too much which
are raising the value of the dollar and
essentially offsetting the tariffs that
are out there so it's very easy for a
tariff or to become a currency war it
creates more risk for the markets the
markets fell 200 points on Friday on the
Dow we're back
to being sort of even today there's not
a sense right now of the kind of concern
about contagion we had around Greece at
least not yet what we have right now
Stephanie are separate fires and it's
not a single conflagration at this point
yet hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
