welcome back to vel Chien rule we got
some breaking news we were just telling
you about before we went to the break
FBI agent special agent Peter struck has
been fired from the FBI a lot of you
will say what wasn't he already fired he
was fired from the Muller and where he
was moved from the Muller investigation
struck was a controversial controversial
figure in the Justice Department's
investigation into Russian interference
in the 2016 election and the
investigation into possible cooperation
with the Trump campaign the pete
williams is covering the story for us
Pete again I think a lot of people
thought struck was already out he was
still an employee of the FBI I'm
completely confused oh yes that's right
he was removed from the Muller
investigation last year after Robert
Muller was told by the Justice
Department's inspector general about the
discovery of these text messages between
struck and Lisa Paige who was on the
FBI's counsel's office but he continued
to be an employee but the the further
blow to him was some devastating
language in the inspector general's
report that came out earlier this year
just a short time ago within the last
month or so that that revealed some new
text messages between struck and page
and after that the FBI director
Christopher Rea said that the FBI would
undertake a change in the FBI's culture
to make sure this sort of thing didn't
happen again and that appropriate
disciplinary steps would be taken now
his legal counsel has told The
Washington Post that first reported this
firing which I've since confirmed with
some law enforcement officials his
lawyer is saying that this is not the
normal way this should have happened
that he should have been afforded the
complete disciplinary process but that
instead the FBI director FBI's deputy
director David Bowdich informed struck
on Friday last Friday that he would be
fired
so whether he'll under take legal action
remember that the FBI's former deputy
director Andrew McCabe has talked about
legal action against the FBI and the
Justice Department for how
he was fired he says there was
presidential influence whether they're
gonna under take legal action here I
don't know but his lawyer has said that
the way this has been handled is very
irregular but the other thing to note
about this of course is struck has been
the probably single most often cited
reason that Republicans some in
Republicans in the house have been
critical of the investigation of the FBI
of the Justice Department so removing
him certainly takes away what has been a
very sore point for congressional
Republicans who have been critical of
the Muller investigation
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
