so with the south former prosecutor with
the Eastern District of Virginia Jean
Rossi he previously tried cases before
the judge presiding over the trial of
Paul Manafort judge TS Ellis who was the
New York Magazine points out is among
the handful of judges in the country who
know some of the deepest secrets of the
Russia investigation thanks so much for
being with us Jean I guess the first
question I have to ask is what's with
judge Ellis is deep antipathy for the
prosecution it seems to come out just
about every day in the courtroom are you
still not hearing Jo Jo we have a little
bit of an audio problem so I'm gonna
translate your question
to Jean Jo's basic question is so what's
the deal with this judge is is he seems
to be exhibiting a hostility towards the
prosecution well I seems to be putting
his thumb on the scale there's been a
lot of discussion of that what's your
view about whether or not that is the
case well let me tell you how I know
judge Ellis I appeared in front of him
for 20 years I had 20 trials seven
trials and I hundreds of hearings and
here is the the scoop on judge Ellis he
is not a potted plant clearly they're
not he's very active he wants to be
engaged he's not a judge it's gonna sit
back yeah that's who he is and he's
never gonna change
let me address how he's putting his
thumb on a scale this is sort of like a
football game last two weeks ago that
first week George Ellis was indeed
putting his thumb on a scale in my
opinion very hard in both prosecutors
all three prosecutors whom I know well
that was the first week this past week
things changed a little bit he's pulling
back on his criticism his interjecting
and I think at the end of last week I
once say it was affection but the the
warmth relative warmth he showed the
prosecution's case seemed to evolve a
little bit and here's why based on my
times in front of him and my trials and
my hearings I think he now gets this
case he now sees
the big picture what I call the final
mosaic and as I said before the camera
came I have done 30 tax trials I have
never seen more greed lies and
manipulation in a tax trial that I have
seen in this one it is off the charts on
a scale of one to ten on greed a
thirteen lies 11 manipulation 12 it's
unbelievable
I think judge Ellis now has pulled back
his interjecting in the case and in fact
he he sort of apologized a couple days
ago when the prosecutors were reminding
him that he did not exclude a certain
witness right it wasn't a full-fledged
apology but coming from George Ellis
that's an apology so you see the way
judge Ellis is behavior what do you make
of the how the prosecutors are pursuing
the case where they place gates and and
the kind of guys that they're putting on
I did a hundred trial so what you do is
you try to place your witnesses
strategically and I got a compliment the
prosecutors here and the defense
attorneys defense attorneys doing a
great job with what they have the
prosecutors started off with documents
and verbal testimony
Heather wash Kuhn Philip Alif Cindy
LaPorta and others and then they filed
it and put gates on Monday of last week
Monday Tuesday and Wednesday and I
watched and observed gates testimony I'd
love to talk about that that was a
brilliant placement of rick gates
because after he testified he
corroborated in part all what the other
witnesses said in the documents and now
these last few days we've been bank
fraud bank fraud bank fraud that's
document driven and now we get into
steven clock and a Federal Savings Bank
the Yankee tickets you know we're almost
forgetting that Rick Gates testified
we're now focusing on the bank fraud I
thought their timing of their witnesses
in a sequence was brilliant you just
said you want to talk about about
Gates's testimony you talk about that
let's talk about that I thought Rick
Gates is direct exam
by the prosecutor was outstanding
outstanding he corroborated everything
that the government theory is is asking
the jury to believe and I want to I want
the folks on watching this show to focus
on one exhibit that Sauron capsulize who
Rick Gates is this is government exhibit
391 it's an email from Paul Manafort
March 16 2016
- Rick gates and Paul Manafort says Rick
you are the quarterback quote-unquote
that is the theory of this case Rick
Gates was indeed the quarterback but who
was calling the plays coach Paul and I'm
not talking about Paul Bear Bryant I'm
talking about Paul Manafort that email
is devastating and Rick gates his
testimony and the documents corroborated
that email now let's talk about cross by
kevin downy and i said that defense
attorneys are doing a great job with the
hand dealt them Kevin downy did a
fantastic job he got in some jabs but
the problem is he didn't get in enough
jabs he didn't knock rick gates out and
on redirect by the prosecutor
he brought the jury back to the core of
Rick gages testimony which is I was his
quarterback he called the plays Jim we
got out we got to leave it there I gotta
say to Joe thank you very much for your
for your wisdom on this Joe it sounds
like Jean is not divided this
definitively not in the category of
those who think that the prosecution is
in any trouble
despite the judges some of the judges
thumb on scaling and despite that some
of the some of the Rick Gates testimony
that seemed to not go particularly well
from one bad day of testimony it seems
like it looks like from this point of
view at least from where gene sets'
still a slam dunk for the prosecution on
this case we shall say that's been the
Assumption for some time and a lot of
you know often in these these trials
that the media cover you have that
assumption going in and then
there are surprises once in a while
we'll see if it happens here we're still
ahead the Trump team wants Bob Muller to
wrap his investigation up but how could
that be possible and they keep providing
more and more potential evidence of
obstruction plus vodka Trump said she
wanted to be a force for good in the
White House we're going to be talking to
columnist Margaret Carlson about whether
the first daughter and presidential
advisor is living up to that ideal
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
