so on the first anniversary of the
deadly Charlottesville protests
thousands of auntie hate protesters
outnumbered white supremacists who were
rallying just steps from the White House
fewer than 20 people showed up for the
second unite the right rally yesterday
in Washington I've seen longer lines at
Whataburger x' in pensacola it was a
gathering aimed to bring together
multiple white national organizations
including neo-nazis the group was met by
thousands of chanting counter protesters
at Lafayette Square Park across from the
White House a massive police presence
kept both of the groups separated
President Trump who was criticized for
saying both sides shared the blame for
the violence last year on Saturday
tweeted the riots in Charlottesville a
year ago resulted in a senseless death
and division we must come together as a
nation I contend all types of racism and
all acts of violence peace to all
Americans first Eddie we have have this
follow-up to Charlottesville obviously
put a lot of people on edge for good
reason and yet 20 just 20 people show up
at this rally
what would a what a damning damning
reality for white supremacists who
thought they were going to start
something in Charlottesville that would
continue through this year and beyond
yeah I think so I don't want to over
read it because we still have the
evidence from Portland Oregon not too
long ago a couple of weeks ago where
white supremacists organized and marched
in significant numbers there and there
were four people arrested in that in
that particular incident but yesterday I
think revealed the the impact of the
counter protest the impact of public
shaming and you know what's what I found
fascinating about that that Trump tweet
Jo is that it was if you know Trump is
not typically one to engage in dog
whistles but that's a dog whistle yeah
because it comes to you know he's
condemning all types of racism all types
of racism not just racism all types of
racism and at that moment he's appealing
to a generalized sentiment among his
base particularly that white Americans
are subject to discrimination Philip
published a piece just yesterday in the
Washington Post kind of laying out the
data with regards to this kind of
metastasizing assumption that white
people are now bearing the burden of
discrimination more so than black and
hispanic people so in that moment what
Trump is saying to his Basin to his to
his folks is that I'm not leaving you
I'm still with you here so there's not a
blanket condemnation of the white
supremacist gathering 20 of them though
it may be in front of the White House if
he's still playing the race game even in
that moment there Jon Meacham do you
agree with that yes and I think that it
is good news yesterday in terms of the
those numbers we shouldn't I agree with
Eddie that we shouldn't over read it but
at the same time if there had been a lot
of people there we'd be having a very
different conversation this morning
there's an old observation from Jeremy
Bentham the English philosopher who said
that publicity is the very soul of
justice publicity is the very soul of
justice and the more you pay attention
to something ultimately the truth will
out and I think a lot of us are making a
big bet on the truth of that observation
not only about race but about so much of
what the president does that we have a
moral obligation to pay as much
attention to these things as possible in
the hope that the collective common
sense of the nature and in the Republic
will out I believe it will it may be as
well and instead of Waterloo a close-run
thing but I think in terms of race in
terms of the more outrageous elements I
don't think we I know there are people
who argue that you give it too much
shock too much oxygen if you talk about
too much I think in this climate where
everyone talks about everything it more
or less the same level I do think we
have an obligation to examine this as
closely as possible
ultimately trust that we the people will
get it right so let's bring in some
something from this past week John
Heilmann yeah that it's a lot of people
on the right we're talking about even a
lot of nevertrump errs about the woman
who was recently appointed to the New
York Times editorial board who made a
lot of incendiary and racist tweets
against white people saying she liked to
see them suffer I don't remember the
exact language that was used but a lot
of what a
what about ISM out there what about what
happened to Kevin Williamson and others
but even Kevin Williamson was saying I
don't think she should be fired but we
get this happening all the time but
there's a story like that feed into the
belief that that there are two standards
that you can say whatever you want to
say about white people and well they're
the majority they they're the oppressor
so they should be able to take it the
reason I ask is is I just wonder if
things like that or what Donald Trump or
you know talking about in that tweet and
do events like that feed into his feed
into his base and into his strength yeah
well they won't certainly they are
events that are their fodder for the
kind of white revanchist kind of
rhetoric that Donald Trump traffic's and
just to make the point to draw out the
point just scroll quickly about what
Eddie said about the tweet I mean on the
alt-right and in the in the the the the
parts of the the Trump base that approve
of the charlottesville the original
sarlaac charlottesville white
nationalist protests they see that tweet
and they think what Donald Trump says
all types of racism they hear him
talking about white genocide about the
notion that white people are being
systematically slaughtered by by the
minority population of the United States
and they hear that as not as a dog
wasn't they hear that is very clear him
saying to them I understand your
grievance against white people I do I
approve I
I think there are some questions about
the New York Times where you were
talking about and the context of those
tweets I did not delve very deeply into
that she maintained that she was being
she was sort of parody she was using
this language to try to make a point I
don't obviously approve of people using
hateful language against any group
whether you're whatever member of group
you or whatever group you're a member of
you shouldn't be using hateful language
against anybody else but I mean the
reality is that we do have a country in
which there in which there is no there's
a black supremacy in America there never
has been
there's no Hispanics of privacy and
never has been it's not a country that
was built on Hispanic plunder or on
african-american plunder of the country
and so it is contextually a different
thing when speech is used by members of
minority groups and are critical of
whites than it is in the opposite
direction and whether people want to
agree with that or not I'm sure I will
get abused for saying that but the
context is everything in the context of
American of the American rhetorical
frame again doesn't necessarily excuse
nasty hateful divisive language on the
part of individual members of minority
groups but it is to say it's equal and
equivalent to the broader systemic kind
of problem that we face with race in
America is just ridiculous I will say
this though and yet Eddie I'll let you
jump in in a second but I will say this
I saw one Jewish journalist after
another Jewish journalist absolutely
savaged on Twitter throughout the
campaign Jews on the right Jews in the
center Jews on the left the
anti-semitism and I'm sure John
you-you-you saw it too yeah and it's
just absolutely heinous that
anti-semitism Civet ism was was
repulsive but I suspect that a lot of
those Jews who were savaged during the
campaign probably quite a few of them
probably would not have received their
position on the New York Times editorial
board if they had responded in kind so
again it's the type of question I'm it
is I'm I I don't I I am against
everything somebody's written being a
disqualifier whether it's this woman or
whether it's kevin williamson but Eddie
again it's we've got a balance here that
we've got a strike and that balance is
we have to encourage people to play by
the rules in a civilized society because
there are those of us who still believe
regardless and what some of Donald Trump
supporters believe we still are a
civilized society there still are rules
at the same time we don't want one two
three tweets or one podcast from four
years ago to destroy somebody's career
right you know and four I want to
bracket the question of the New York
Times editorial the editorial writer for
just a quick second and kind of pan out
for a minute Joe
you know I grew up in Mississippi and
one of the great scandals of growing up
in the south is the lie that black
people love white folks right then that
there's this assumption wait Eddie wait
let me just like black people don't like
like some of my best friends Andy this
is what I mean like that the assumption
that African Americans are minorities
can experience the histories that
they've experienced and come out as if
we have this super ordinate moral gene
and that we can just live and just sing
Kumbaya and all this other stuff I grew
up with the father who has a deep-seated
skepticism of the moral capacity of
white folks and it has everything to do
with his experience and it's not
articulated but it's part of how he was
socialized as part of what I was raised
and it's a kind of common sense a racial
common sense that it's reflective of the
country and it actually allows us to
survive right so it helps us survive in
some ways so in those moments when it
bubbles out up and it's revealed it's
always surprising to me that folks are
shocked and then they grabbed it they
clutch their pearls right and so part of
the interesting thing about this moment
right it's one of the interesting kind
of possibilities of the moment is that
all of this stuff that lies beneath the
American conversation all of this race
stuff that hovers underneath is now
bubbling up from both sides from all
sides and we have a chance to deal with
it so I just wanted to kind of put that
out there
we do have a chance to deal with it and
you know it's interesting as we're
talking about this it's interesting this
past weekend my my boy and I ten year
old boy and I I want him to sit down and
watch the Jackie Robinson movie 42 and
we sat down and watched it and of course
he loved it because he found out that
the guy that was playing Jackie Robinson
was was also black panther watch this
with you dad and so we were watching it
and there was there was a wonderful
moment when Pee Wee Reese from Northern
Kentucky came over put his arm around
Jackie would do the booing fans and
basically said I am with you and you
know it's a moment where you're supposed
to go okay great this is where you know
people are coming together and
understanding the world has changed but
you couldn't Eddie look at that scene
and say my god I thought the arc of
civilization was always upward this was
back in the 1940s and there are some
days where I feel like we're still still
dealing with it today in 2018 it's it
and it's quite a jolt because again
mainly I mean you only have 20 people
out in the streets now that's great but
mainly because you have a president who
really does work to stir that up
absolutely absolutely you know Jon
Meacham in his wonderful book you know
the soul for America that wonderful book
he talks about us kind of dealing the
imperfections right this the dark side
of American life John and it seems to me
that this contradiction that has haunted
this fragile experiment in democracy
ever since its beginnings continue to
haunt us continues to haunt us and I
don't know what we can do in this moment
we have another opportunity perhaps we
can fail better to echo Beckett perhaps
we can fell better
all right so cut we will continue
talking about this and get Jon Meacham
to plug his book the u.s. is hammering
Turkey with sanctions and tariffs as the
two countries are sparring over defense
policy and a whole lot more we're gonna
be bringing in the former commander of
NATO Admiral James trevita next on
Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
