so let's talk now about Rudy Giuliani he
seemed to contradict himself yesterday
when he sat down with sat down on on the
sunday shows and said that President
Trump and former FBI director James
Comey never talked about former national
security adviser Mike Flynn but Giuliani
and other Trump officials have indicated
always in the past that the President
did discuss Flynn with Comey this is
what Giuliani said yesterday followed by
comments he made last month what
happened in that conversation would call
me about Michael Flynn what exactly did
President Trump say they did there was
no conversation about Michael Flynn so
you're saying that president Truong and
James Comey never discussed Michael
Flynn that is what he will testify to if
he's asked that question they already
know that so why are they asking us for
him to repeat what they already know
under oath and you're also saying that
that a month ago you didn't tell ABC
News that he said something along the
lines of can you give him a break I did
not I said that is what Comey says the
reality is call me in some ways ends up
being a good witness for us how is he a
good witness for the president if he's
saying that the president was asking and
directing him in his words to let the
Michael son investigation go they didn't
direct me to do that what he said to him
was can you give me says he what are we
to make of that is Rudy Giuliani making
up as he goes along is he purposely
lying
does he have early onset of dementia how
how does he go from yesterday saying he
never he never asked that question to us
of course having it taped were just
clearly a couple of weeks ago he said
that's precisely what the president said
yeah well I think I mean I don't want to
rule out early onset but I dare the
first option is seems to me obviously
the right one
I mean Giuliani as I said before his
credibility is basically zero on on
pretty much everything at this point
because he's confidence contradicted
himself over and over and over again but
we are now veering into a new
a new terrain in terms of the kind of
deception that they're trying to
perpetrate and that he's trying to
perpetrate in this context it is not
just the case that this is not question
of of Jim Comey's word versus Donald
Trump's word Jim Comey's word today
versus Rudy Giuliani's version of Donald
Trump reality today you have Jim Comey's
contemporaneous notes from the time you
have contemporaneous notes of other
people that Jim Comey reported the
conversation to at the time you have
people every account of this that's been
given by everyone including many people
who are allies of the president suggest
that that conversation to take place
there's lots of dispute around the
details around what did Trump intend
around what did he mean around what did
he know about the state of the Flint
investigation at that moment many of
those things are in dispute what has
never been in dispute until this weekend
was the notion that the question of Mike
Flynn came up in the room with Jim Comey
and all that is now happening is Rudy
Giuliani is pushing a sustained campaign
of gas letting the country and blatant
fabrication with a political end to its
logical and obviously what I mean by
logical I mean insane extreme to the
point where he's getting tripped up on
words of his own from just a fortnight
ago yeah and again the week Jon Meacham
we can go through Jim Comey's
contemporaneous notes and this friends
contemporaneous notes so you can just
take rudy giuliani's word for it because
Giuliani himself said the president was
saying give Flynn a break this is again
this is I mean you could say this is a
death of truth I just I think this is
just the Renaissance of just stupid
Speier is here Joe those could both be
true no Jake I mean seriously it's a a
third-grader and I've had for
third-graders a full a third grader who
would be able to keep his or her story
more consistent than what Rudy
Giuliani's doing out on the sunday shows
every morning if Barbara Tuchman were
alive we would now have the title
her book about the age of Trump the
Renaissance of stupid I love one of the
thing I'm the one the thing that struck
me with this Giuliani bit of the weekend
was you know so far we had that
wonderfully rich vernacular from
Watergate twisting slowly slow in the
wind a third way third rate burger or a
expletive deleted one of the great
entries in the Trump version of that is
lordy I hope there are tapes and so
partly on this one it's do you are you
gonna believe James Comey who's kind of
the samuel peeps right he's a obsessive
diarist or are you gonna believe Donald
Trump who's already admitted to
obstruction to Lester Holt without being
subpoenaed so we will leave that aside
for a second it seems to me as John was
just saying that this is setting up a
kind of political Armageddon kinda
almost a cultural Armageddon and I don't
mean to be wildly hyperbolic at this
hour on a Monday please please there is
there is this question since you already
use Renaissance I'll use Armageddon it
seems to me that what the the goal here
has to be a wounding every possible
vehicle that would bring any contrary
fact to the table and so at this point
if you obstacle
83% of Republicans thinking that the way
Donald Trump handles race in America
even on a tonal basis please leave aside
the substance side if you have 83
percent of those Republicans thinking
that you're gonna have an equal or
higher number I seems to me willing to
believe what Trump or his lawyers say
about the FBI or the deep state or
whatever so we have this moment where
we're really are going to have to decide
are facts stubborn things
as John Adams said or do we actually
care about what genuinely happen as
opposed to what a president that
somebody likes
happened and that's a really important
inflection point in the life of the
Republic
Nixon fact if we're willing at the very
end to get to turn on Nixon
now they had him on tape they had him on
tape so they could hear it so maybe
that's a difference I I don't know but
it's it's it's a fascinating moment and
why does this always happen in August
why does it always happen in August but
it always does Casey Haim
it is becoming more and more obvious of
course Donald Trump again you have to do
is listen to what he said to Lester Holt
and the Russian Foreign Minister and the
the Russian ambassador the United States
to to figure out that he fired Comey to
end the Russian investigation even White
House press admitted as much he wanted
to end the Russian investigation but
even on the other side of this for
Republicans staring at the facts and you
look at the the indictments of the 12
Russians that work for the greu
and it becomes very obvious with the
forensic evidence it becomes very
obvious that Vladimir Putin and Russia
were trying to undermine US democracy
and you know tom nichols who's not only
a professor but also writes for the
Federalists and he's a Twitter
extraordinary a tweeter extraordinaire
said this past weekend and I think a lot
of Republicans are starting to get there
saying hey listen there is no question
anymore that members of trumps team were
trying to coordinate with the Russian
government to influence the outcome of
the campaign the only question is what
did the president know how much did he
know and when did he know it aren't the
facts in this week by week falling in
such a way that even for the most
steadfast Trump Ally on Capitol Hill
even if their parenting him there's not
much of a question left that something
was going on between Trump's team and
the Russian government and it wasn't
good I'm not sure the most steadfast
Trump allies in Capitol Hill are ever
going to move but I think that you're a
larger point is correct and the reality
is that we are heading
for a reckoning and that is you know
right now every Republican on Capitol
Hill can answer the question by saying
let Muller do his job we want to see the
results of this but the way that the
president's team is setting this up they
are as you saw with Rudy Giuliani trying
to provide their own set of facts their
own narrative their own way for
Republicans to defend them and every
single person on Capitol Hill is at some
point gonna have to choose not only who
do they believe but who are they gonna
stand with and I think you know Jon
Meacham knows how our republic was
originally founded the idea that you
know we send elected representatives to
be wiser than the group of people who
who sent them there to make tough
decisions when those decisions needed to
be made at the potential expense of
losing their elections and that's going
to be the stakes for everybody you know
it's interesting a Lindsey Graham
watching how Lindsey Graham's handling
this in South Carolina Lindsey will say
and he's said it to the president he's
also said it town people in town hall
meetings in South Carolina
let Mahler finish his job and then he'll
throw some other red meat out to the
left there are some other red meat out
to the right talk about Hillary Clinton
but at the same time it is it is a you
know it's maybe maybe jab the FBI a
little bit but at his core Lindsey
Graham is one of those representatives
that at least so far on Muller is doing
the right thing saying let the
investigation go where it needs to go
when he explains politically if the
Republicans were not to do that we would
have a real constitutional crisis and
John Heilemann I've given up I guess I
could say this about politicians on both
sides of the aisle but with my
Republican brothers and sisters I've
given up thinking that they're going to
stand up and show remarkable courage
maybe even saying we have to keep Muller
is just a realization that there would
be a meltdown a political meltdown of
epic proportions if they allow Donald
Trump to take the last step and
obstructing justice and firing Bob
well I think that's right there's no
there's no evidence of any kind of
political courage on the part of
Republicans that's been evident in the
last in the course of the last 18 months
I think the only thing at this point Joe
that is going to matter because it's the
only thing that has mattered so far has
been what the electoral calculus is for
Republicans on Capitol Hill they they at
this moment they have behaved for 18
months despite everything the
president's done I'm not just talking
about like all the various things that
we find kind of appalling about his
behavior
but the ways in which he's departed from
from Republican orthodoxy and as a
departed from Republican policy except
on a couple of big things like tax cuts
and the Supreme Court that they have
stuck with him because they're afraid of
his base because they're afraid that the
political damage inflicted on them if
they deviate from him will be too high
so the only question now is what happens
in November and what does the calculus
look like for the members of your former
party after no after the midterm
elections and the results are in and if
Democrats have taken back control of the
house and maybe the Senate that calculus
will change how much it will change we
don't know but the math they're doing
will be different when it looks like
sticking with Donald Trump might be more
costly than breaking with Donald Trump
they just will be a different math
problem for them but let's be clear it's
going to be a math problem and not a
problem in which and not a calculation
in which patriotism values i illogical
consistency history any of that matters
it's just gonna be all about
self-preservation or courage sure you're
exactly right John and we're gonna
continue talking about this over the
next couple of hours but thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
