this is the year of the woman when it
comes to the midterm elections there are
now at least 183 women who are nominees
for House seats and 11 who are running
for governor both record highs according
to the Center for American women in
politics one of those women Ayanna
Presley is running in Massachusetts 7th
congressional district in an effort to
unseat ten term incumbent congressman
Michael Capuano and Ayanna Presley joins
me now from Boston thank you so much for
being here
Ayanna really appreciate it I want to
start by asking you about this is one of
the few districts where the minorities
make up the majority of the population
and yet there's still a white man who
represents the district why do you think
that is and what's your rationale for
running well my rationale for running is
although Donald Trump is a formidable
foe and every systemic inequality that
I've dedicated my life to addressing is
worsening and deepening under this
administration and I want to take my
fight higher and farther but the truth
of the matter is that these inequities
and disparities existed long before that
man occupy the White House the 7th
congressional district is the most
diverse and the most unequal and I'm
running to do something specifically
about that you have called to abolish
ice the immigrations and custom Customs
Enforcement Agency is that something
that you believe the majority of your
constituents support our polling shows
that in the country only 21 percent I'm
sorry that in your district only 21
percent of people support abolishing ice
well the litmus test that I'm paying the
most attention to was what I see and
feel in community every day in the math
seventh and it is palpable incredible
and legitimate fear parents that are in
fear of ice raids and won't go to child
care they're afraid to go to child care
to pick up or drop off their child or to
go to school to go to their places of
worship and that fear is palpable this
is yet another demonstration of an
administration that is operating with
zero empathy and zero compassion
I made this decision not casually I
arrived at it the way that I have every
other decision that I've made and that
is working in close partnership and
listening to those directly impacted by
the issue
the ACLU Central Presents a Mira
families and that's why I arrived at
this decision this is not a policy that
is keeping us any safer we should be
offering refuge and asylum to those that
are fleeing war-torn powerfully ravaged
gang violence sexual assaults we should
be providing them asylum and refuse they
are no threat to us and furthermore we
are wasting money prosecuting children
and families this is inhumane it is
brutal and again it is another
demonstration of the racist bigoted
policies coming out of this White House
every single day a zero tolerance policy
informed by zero empathy and zero
compassion now listen there are many
agencies that operate within
efficiencies if this were what that was
about then I would be one of the people
calling to reform this agency from the
inside out but we're at a watershed
moment when children are being ripped
from the arms of families there is no
turning back from that and this is not
an agency that can be reformed do you
think that we need any immigration
enforcement in the interior of the
country absolutely but what we need this
is again we are diverting reste
resources by prosecuting children and
families when we could be investing in
keeping us safe from drug trafficking
gun trafficking human trafficking this
is not a national security issue this is
what the Trump administration does they
solve for crisis by creating a crisis so
they are very consistent what we need
for the seventh especially is to us for
a path to citizenship comprehensive
immigration reform to support TPS
holders and daca recipients I would not
have voted to invest $1.00 in a Trump
hate wall we don't need to be protected
from immigrants we need to be protected
from this president so we need a clean
DREAM Act
I will never support the negotiating and
bartering of chilled of the lives of
children
the Congressional Black Caucus
unanimously supported your opponent in
this race
why why do you think that is and do you
think that you would want to join the
organization if you're elected well
that's an accurate the Congressional
Black Caucus PAC endorsed my opponent
which is a group comprised of 12 members
six lobbyists and us six members most of
whom were unaware of the endorsement
until they read about it in the
newspaper I take great pride and every
member of the Congressional Black Caucus
I don't take any of this seriously they
have inspired me in my own run many of
them were considered to be longshots
disruptive candidates challenging the
status quo and they have certainly
proven that with their own disruptive
candidacies that it has led to greater
progress for our country so I don't take
any of this personally I am the underdog
this is the first time the seventh has
had a choice in a generation this is a
twenty-year formidable incumbent I knew
I would be out fundraising outspent and
out endorsed but I'm focused on the
people and we see a movement and
community being built every step of the
way and further for those that might
consider my candidacy to be one that is
not only disruptive but perhaps even
traitorous in a dark blue state like
Massachusetts I think we are meeting
head-on the challenge in the charge of
2016 and that is to ignite the
electorate and to expand it and that is
what we are doing and finally can I ask
you about your own me to story you spoke
out about your own experience on that
front what was it like to go public with
that do you have any regrets and what
did you learn for for people who are
struggling in the me2 movement to speak
out about their own experiences
Wilson be clear I disclosed of my
background my trauma of childhood sexual
abuse and campus sexual assualt long
before the me2 movement I have no regret
although it was the first time I ever
received hate mail but everyday people
approached me whether it's at a fancy
fundraiser or in a small hallway from
every walk of life to thank me for
disclosing I tell my truth not because
it is a unique one
but to create space and dignity for
others and I look forward to the
opportunity as a survivor and the
responsibility of codifying this
elevated moment of activism and renewed
consciousness on these issues to codify
that in lawmaking and to ensure that my
fellow survivors can get on a pathway to
healing and to the justice that they
deserve hmm
Ayanna Presley thanks so much for your
time tonight really appreciate it thank
you hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
