welcome back to KCDC I want to bring in
now Democratic congressman Ruben Gallego
of Arizona congressman it's great to see
you thanks for thanks for being on
tonight I want to start with what we've
been covering all day long which RV
again don't really want to call it a
rally 24 white nationalist showed up
here to DC thousands we think waiting on
official counts of counter protesters in
the streets here in DC you have actually
received death threats from white
supremacists what first of all can you
kind of explain how that impacts your
own thinking when you see this playing
out in the streets and what do you think
your Republican colleagues should be
saying publicly about this well number
one this is probably the most attention
those losers I've ever gotten in their
whole lives so at that for one we should
not try to do that in the future you
know they are not indicative or
representative of the United States or
what people think in the United States
and the fact that you know I think we
gave him a lot of tension probably
pushed us push their agenda forward more
in terms of what the Republicans should
do is they really should have stopped
this years ago I like to you know see
now that the president turned to saying
quote unquote that he's against all
racism but you know the president has
been a racist since he was in the 1980s
when he accused five black men of raping
a woman in Central Park
when accused the President of the United
States of being a Nigerian immigrant
that gets snuck into this country for
some Maoist kind of conspiracy as a
matter of fact this is been a problem
pokin parts of the days of Ronald Reagan
and when he accused black women of being
love for Queens in George Bush you know
played the the race card on Dukakis the
problem the Republicans has they've been
playing this game for so long and now
the game has gotten away from them and
have you gotten death threats from white
supremacists sure I've gotten death
threats even before I was in Congress
when I was in the State House I was
actually trying to stop a border militia
bill and border wall that was being
pushed by the Republican Party and
Pumpkins state representatives and state
senators here and I was left a
handwritten note on my door from
would look like to be some kind of Aryan
Nation organization and then of course I
get them online and over Twitter here
and there once in a while so one of the
things this of course raises is that
your home state of Arizona has been
something of a cauldron for all of the
most incendiary issues and messages that
are coming from this president and you
know some of his best attended earliest
rallies in the 2016 campaign season were
held in Arizona what are you seeing on
the ground in your home state now your
you have several congressional seats up
for grabs a major Senate race is
President Trump coming in and rallying
for those candidates something that in
your view is going to lead them to
ultimately to victory or is that I see
in the Democratic base I actually want
President Trump to come to Arizona I
really think he should come and rally
for the Republicans in district six to
nine you could even jump in my desk if
he wants we really really encourage them
to come here because we think that you
know people really need to hear from him
here in Arizona and I think in the end
that would actually help out Democrats
as much as possible I want to play for
you at to switch gears slightly because
as we're having this conversation about
Democrats potentially taking back the
house in the midterm elections Nancy
Pelosi appeared earlier today on MSNBC
talking about whether she may end up
being Speaker of the House in the event
of a democratic takeover take a look at
what she had to say and then we'll talk
about it I have not asked one person for
a vote I haven't asked a candidate or an
incumbent for a vote what's important
and I know better than anybody how
important it is for us to win this
election because I see up close and
personal what the Republicans and this
president are doing I do not think our
opponents should select the leaders of
our party the Republicans are spending
millions tens of millions of dollars
against me because they're afraid of me
now I do believe that none of us is
indispensable but I think I'm the best
person for the job so sir do you think
that Nancy Pelosi should be the next
leader of the Democratic Party or
Speaker of the House why be with one
thing with either Pelosi right now is
that we need to first win
look and I've been on both sides of this
issue I've been with Nancy when she when
I first got to Congress and I voted
against her last time and tried to
actually replace her so I you know I
consider myself feeling depend when it
comes to issues of leadership but right
now this is not the fight that we as
Democrats should be worried about the
fight right now is against Trump and the
Radical Republican agenda we win that
first and then we could decide what
happens later because until then this is
all a moot point congressman Phil Rutger
The Washington Post has questioned a
congressman over the weekend we saw in
Iowa a number of Democrats who are
running thinking about running for
president come to talk to activists
there including Michael avenatti of a
trial attorney the lawyer for for stormy
Daniels I'm wondering first of all
should he be taken seriously by
Democrats in your party as a prospective
candidate but perhaps more importantly
do you think he's on to something when
he says that Democrats need to fight
Trump harder and be tougher and and and
don't bring nail clippers to a gunfight
in his words well first of all I don't
think it's the role of party leaders and
officials to tell the activists based of
especially in Iowa who should talk to
them or who has a right to be there I
think that will be decided in the future
I do think not just with you know mr.
avenatti but other people have also said
this the same thing that I do think we
need to be going hard and fast on Donald
Trump and all his allied supporters Paul
Ryan Mitch McConnell we need to be
hitting them and hard every day until
Election Day actually all the way up all
the way until 2020 congressman just to
put a finer point on on Phil's excellent
question I do you think Democrats should
take Michael avenatti seriously as a
potential presidential candidate you
know I don't know much about mr.
have-nots except for what I've seen here
and there on TV I think again one lesson
that I have learned so far in my short
years in the Democratic Party but very
much involved in the activist movement
is not to try to dictate who is you know
a clarified leader versus not at the
other day you know I'll listen to you
know anybody and if he ends up being a
credible nominee then maybe but at this
point I think it's way too early for us
even to be speculating on 20/20 to be
honest all right congressman Ruben
Gallego thank you very much for being on
tonight
really appreciate it hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
