I've been defending somebody for so long
now I'm like yo you are a special kind
of and I'm about that that special breed
of they're about to learn all about it
Omarosa Manigault newman is exposing
secrets from behind the closed doors of
the Trump White House the former White
House aide who initially said she
voluntarily vacated her position but the
White House says she was fired has laid
out details in her new memoir unhinged
she spills the tea on everything from
what she calls Trump's racist language
to the hush money she says she was
offered to keep quiet
back with me is Republican strategist
Evan Siegfried Daily Beast's columnist
Dean Obeidallah and careens Jean Pierre
down in Washington Corrine I'm coming to
you after we pay play this epic clip of
an interview that Omarosa gave to NPR
leaders Michele Martin about the
controversy over the existence of tapes
where then private citizen Donald Trump
dropped the n-word during Celebrity
Apprentice let's take a listen to this
and once I heard it you hurt you have
heard this tape you heard the President
of the United States President of the
United States use not only the n-word
but as Bill Pruitt described during that
interview other horrible things during
the production of The Apprentice you
don't mention that in the book that
you've actually heard the tape is this
new oh no it's mentioned in the book
forgive me though that sounds like you
just heard his account of the tape did
you actually hear the tape I did did you
miss this ho girl did you read my book
I'm sorry about that it wasn't Michelle
Martin it was Rachel Martin Kareem well
here's the thing let's be really clear
of what's happening here
Omarosa is trying to sell her book I
mean she basically says it in that back
and forth girl did you read my book
please read my book it's in the book yes
I mention it in the book I mean
I mean here's the thing about this is
emarosa has known Donald Trump now for
what 14 years she knew him when he
jumped into the political arena in 2011
and and was the Grand Wizard of the
birther movement she knew him and stood
by him during the election when he
actually kicked off his election going
after Mexicans calling them rapists and
drug dealers and then she went into the
White House and stood by him for a year
after he repealed daca he repealed TS up
TPS and also and also just tried to ban
an entire religion so you know so now
the surprise of the hearing the n-word
on a tape and letting us all know oh
yeah by the way he's a racist and a
bigot which we already knew but it's
just kind of a little bit kind of
amazing but like I said she's trying to
sell a book well right Karina so you
know in August of 2015 in this very
studio the Saturday after Trump appeared
in his first presidential debate during
the Republican primary we brought in our
own Trump whisperer
Omarosa we fill her in from California
and she had this to say are you
surprised by anything that happened on
that debate stage Thursday I'm not
surprised at all that first moment set
the tone that he was a true leader that
could not be controlled manipulated or
bought
do you think it's a good thing or a bad
thing that reality television and the
ethos there is bleeding into
presidential politics bleeding into it
when you have a Bic reality TV star as
the front-runner Republican nomination
there's no way to separate it this is
the new reality she's not lying
she's didn't live in doubt for me that
is the single most important interview I
did in dad's of understanding Donald
Trump and that host was great whoever
that person
amazing host never be great here look
the idea that first of all Sarah
Huckabee senator said the book is
riddled with lies and false accusations
Trump should sue for trademark
infringement that's what Trump is known
for lies and false accusations and I
don't know where the bombshell comes in
the fact that he's racist and he's
sexist she's got to write a book they
could have put his campaign rallies
speeches into a book and we could have
read it you know what have been stunning
for us in private he's actually
thoughtful and intelligent and
compassionate nobody's been telling us
that the reality of what we've been
seeing for the media is the reality of
Donald Trump is nothing new that he
might have mental issues he might be a
racist he might be a bigot we know this
and it's remarkable and the idea to
someone they meet her like well the
books not being fact checked I don't
keep my fact-checking a book by Alma
Rosa fat check this president this man
who lies daily that's much more
important and his Korean said she just
want to sell a book she'll say anything
now to sell the book that's what it's
about
can we talk about about her about her
credibility Evan I mean I mean she did
she said in this space she had Hillary
Clinton tattooed on her left arm months
later she's on the campaign trail months
after that she's in the White House with
some nebulous job as a senior White
House official well Republicans rally
around
Omarosa of course not she's it's plain
to everybody on both sides the island is
probably the most Republicans and
Democrats will agree at any point this
year she's a grifter and a fraud star a
fraudster partner a fraud a fraud stars
I mean remember she's going out in
defending president Trump during the
campaign and then during the White House
and everybody who was listening to her
then said she's lying she's just doing
it now but there are some people who
were saying oh clearly she's telling the
truth because they like what she's
saying she was a liar then and she's a
liar now trying to salvage your career
because she knows her job prospects are
terrible remember when she decided to
have her bridal party photo shoot Oh in
the White House South Lawn violating
multiple ethics laws she had 39 people
there the taxpayers paid for that
because she was so all high and mighty
she didn't really do anything running
the office of the public liaison
she was an incompetent aide and now
she's trying to cash in she can't even
get her facts straight it went in the
NPR interview where she says oh yeah I
wrote about anyway
but her book says she never heard the
tapes directly so why should we trust
her I want to be must her to walk across
the street and that's why I'll jump
higher it's like the combination we had
last year but the culture of corruption
he surrounds with people who he likes
the culture of corruption the lies of
Omarosa bought ethical violations this
is Donald Trump so why not have a morose
around you why not have Michael Flynn
George papadopolis poor man afford Rick
Gates the whole crew there and this is
where we are so I don't care she has no
credibility this is fodder this is fun
it's like yeah and look at the money
that Michael Wolfe made I mean Oh
millions of dollars they estimated
million but millions of dollars in
writing his book this is just a payday
fur and keeping her in the important
point that did come out of this entire
story that I think people are missing
The Washington Post reported yesterday
that Omarosa was offered by Lara Lee
Trump a $15,000 a month contract by the
Trump campaign to keep silent this is
the same amount of money that Keith
Schiller Trump's former bodyguard and
director of Oval Office operations has
gotten from the RNC so you have to
wonder what's going on here or is this
some sort of shady hush money or is the
RNC in the campaign being used for that
I don't know I think you're asking a
rhetorical question
Omarosa famously
said this on frontline on PBS that set
the world of fire at that time and I'm
wondering what did you think about it
now let's take a look at that every
critic every detractor will have to bow
down to president Trump it's everyone
who's ever doubted Donald who ever
disagreed who ever challenged him it is
the ultimate revenge to become the most
powerful man in the universe
I mean I didn't know she was talking
about Putin but Kareem Kareem she's
gonna have to live down those words or
maybe bow down to those words I don't
think it really matters to her she knows
exactly what she signed up for it was a
reality reality TV she knew that she was
a character she was kind of reliving the
villain role in The Apprentice now in
the presidency she knew who what she
needed to do to get to stay close to
Donald Trump and she did it I think the
thing that I want to see in it let's see
if it happens
is the amorosa tweets from the Trump
Twitter feed like are they coming I I'm
looking to see what he's gonna say about
this book I like the one of the best
parts of the book is that she walked in
and Donald Trump was eating paper off
his desk I'm not exaggerating literally
eating paper off his desk and they deny
that like when the wine is has to deny
that the president's actually paper this
is where we are in 2018 that the AMA
roses book has actually caused the White
House to put out a factual statement
saying that Omarosa is lying and we're
gonna put keep talking but say that also
I mean we saw her during her time in
addition to that bridal party photoshoot
in the White House she sent a letter in
August of last year to the Congressional
Black Caucus where she referred to
herself as the Honorable Omarosa right
she's all about the celebrity she wants
to have the adulation in the attention
when everybody just looks at her and
laughs because she's a rather pathetic
human being and it's showing right now I
mean never don't forget about the big
dust-up she had with White House
correspondent April Ryan from American
Reverend urban radio and that whole row
but let's take you mentioned the White
House statement on our on the roses book
let's take a look at that and says
instead of telling the truth about all
the good president Trump in his
administration are doing to make America
safe and prosperous this book is riddled
with lies and false accusations
Sarah Sanders what has oh it's a
standard that a disgruntled former White
House employee is trying to profit off
these false attacks and even worse that
the media would now give her a platform
after not taking her seriously when she
had only positive things to say about
the president during her time in the
administration Sarah Huckabee Sanders
White House press secretary true if the
book is filled with lies and false
accusations she got it right that's she
captured the Trump White House that's
what they really are about about lies
and false accusation and about profiting
off the wine I said what Donald Trump
has done I'm also the one thing she did
say about The Apprentice tapes I look
like Tom Arlen December 2016 after the
election before Trump was sworn and said
there were apprentice tapes where Trump
used the n-word and they still not come
out so maybe through all this maybe they
actually exist maybe they do come out at
some point I would I mean this is a
shitty object moment
we're talking about a reality TV star
who no one sixth series lead during the
campaign no one that really took
seriously when she was in the White
House no one took seriously when she was
personally escorted off White House
grounds after trying to get into the
private residence and let's talk about
what kind of hubris that takes to just
try to march up to the president's
private quarters who has now put out a
book that is has credibility issues I
mean go ahead Kareem I'm gonna give my
sincere remote and I was gonna say
welcome to the Trump presidency I have
to say something about that the
statement from Sarah Sanders and the
irony of it all that it's coming from
Sarah Sanders who lies constantly behind
the podium every day that she does a
press briefing and it's just it's just
remarkable I mean this really just
encapsulate the the Trump administration
as we as we know it to be and I read
that save and I thought child please
exactly jump in on that note thank you
Kevin Siegfried Dean Obeidallah and
Karina jean-pierre hey thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there for more am joy and the rest
of MSNBC and click on any of the videos
right here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
