general I don't want to ask you about
this space force idea of course we
already have the US Air Force Space
Command which is a large part of the US
Air Force with a task and a mission what
do you make of the space force notion
and it's its chance at success well look
I you know the threat is real
particularly from the Chinese and the
Russians but the threshold to threaten
our communication satellites is pretty
low I mean a you know modest country can
build an attack capability we're
spending a lot of money right now a lot
of science on trying to harden it and
protect it space operations is baked
into every service the army can't
operate without smart weapons don't work
without space communications so the
space forest concept is a separate
service is one of those intellectually
attractive ideas widely debated that's a
thoroughly stupid idea I don't think
it's going to get funded by Congress it
would be a 10 to 15 year struggle to
disentangle every one of those elements
and stick it under a new service with
new uniforms
civilian secretary at a new chief and
fight I don't think it's going to happen
but it's not a very good idea it's an
organizational fix to a functional
challenge that I think Madison's
dressing right now - new legislation
give us your 1-minute summation of this
president's behavior and I've heard you
put it this way what if he were a
combatant commander in the military well
I said actually battalion commander you
know we got these I've just over at Fort
Benning all day today with these
unbelievable experience war fighters now
they're running the Army Air Force Navy
Marines coasties the president is you
know I personally Brian I've been
involved with three hot white houses
fairly closely I get a lot of years now
dealing with business 15 years I've been
in civil government I've never seen this
level of illogical behavior anger
impulsiveness
rudeness to the international leadership
never mind his domestic opposition this
is not the correct behavior for a senior
executive at any level never mind the
president United States
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
