this is an important story on
developments in law and the Trump era
there are judges now across the country
who are fighting back against the way
this administration has cracked down on
immigration while also failing to come
up with a solution to the family
reunification problems it caused now
it's been over two weeks since a federal
judge ordered the Trump administration
to reunite all the two and a half
thousand migrant children separate from
their parents now the good news is most
have been reunited but 559 remain in
government custody and 365 parents of
those children have been deported which
is itself an ongoing humanitarian crisis
now on Thursday a federal district court
judge voiced outrage when discovering
that the Trump administration was
deporting a mother and daughter while
their court hearing was still happening
and this was a highly unusual move the
judge demanding the plane
turn around and bring them back to the
US and threatening to hold the Attorney
General of the United States Jeff
Sessions in contempt something we were
discussing a different context earlier
tonight
now those two people seeking asylum were
basically trying to escape what they
call gang violence from El Salvador and
that's part of a lawsuit that has been
filed by the ACLU the challenge is the
way that sessions has excluded people
who are fleeing gang violence from
getting asylum meanwhile the union that
represents 350 immigration judges in our
country is pushing back against pressure
from the Trump administration to try to
speed up these deportations this is
something called the National
Association of immigration judges and
they did something important they filed
a grievance against Jeff Sessions DOJ
this was on Wednesday when it began
because it occurred after there was a
DOJ replacement of a Philadelphia judge
who was delaying the deportation of this
young undocumented immigrant from
Guatemala
now this judge's union is basically
arguing that the DOJ is overstepping its
authority and undermining a key key
concept judicial independence I'm
pleased to say that I'm joined now by
Judge Dan la MARCKS president emeritus
of the National Association of
immigration judges she's practiced
immigration law for 41 years in San
Francisco a judge thank you for making
time to walk us through this tonight
thank you so much for having me re it's
a complicated issue it is and one that
is important and that you and your
colleagues have argued has both a legal
due process dimension and a moral
dimension so for people who are
following this and saying what does this
mean the judges are kind of pushing back
against what jeff Sessions and the
troubled ministration are doing how does
that work and what are you trying to
achieve people have to remember that the
immigration judges in the United States
are administrative judges which is a
distinction that means we work within
the Department of Justice unlike most
judges that means that we have a boss
attorney General Sessions Congress sets
the laws but many of the policies that
are implemented are established through
the Attorney General and directives that
he or she makes but immigration judges
are the trial level judges who decide
whether or not someone is actually in
the country illegally and if so whether
that person is entitled to some kind of
benefit such as asylum so we need a
guarantee of judicial independence of
decisional independence so that we can
be sure that political pressures are not
affecting the way that judges are
allowed to carry out their role and
recently we have felt additional
encroachments on our ability to do our
job as judges and that's what brought us
to this very unusual step of choosing to
take an individual's case a labor union
grievance for a sitting immigration
judge and for our association to join
with this judge and to publicly release
what the grievance is in order to help
highlight how our decision illan
dependence is being encroached just to
pause on that because you're running
through a lot of important stuff is it
fair to say that your organization has
taken this as you put an unusual step
because of your view of how extreme the
jeff Sessions encroachment has been on
would otherwise be your authority to
handle these cases that is accurate but
I want to make it clear as well that we
are not a partisan organization we are a
professional association and we have had
criticisms of encroachment on our
independence in different ways smaller
ways by several administrations both
Democratic and Republican and we have
pushed back but not quite as
dramatically as we're doing now do you
believe or have evidence to support the
belief that the administration doesn't
really want to solve the remaining cases
that part of the problem is that while
they've been ordered to fix the problem
they created there is still some lack of
desire commitment to reuniting all the
families the evidence that might exist
to support that argument is the fact
that since the Department of Homeland
Security has been created about 15 years
ago the budget for the Department of
Homeland Security rose by 400% and yet
the budget for the immigration court was
only increased by 72% that really
becomes dramatic when you realize that
we were under-resourced at the beginning
so it has allowed a tremendous backlog
of over seven hundred and thirty
thousand cases pending before a core of
just 350 immigration judges which is an
overwhelming and inappropriate amount of
cases for any judge to be expected to
handle in an effective and efficient way
that could be if one wants to be cynical
planned or it could just be inadvertence
one of the reasons why we've argued that
we should not be in the Department of
Justice is that the primary goal and
role of the Department of Justice is law
enforcement and it's a premier law
enforcement agency that we're very proud
of but that said that's not necessarily
the place for a neutral immigration
tribunal which is what we are so we feel
that our mission no longer fits within
the context of the Department of Justice
and we've urged
to take us out of the department of
justice and make us a separate
organization that doesn't have a law
enforcement boss at its head you have
given us a primer here and some of the
most important issues including the
separation of powers the role of these
adjudications within the Justice
Department and the larger question that
I think America could use to debate
which is his immigration really as
simple as building a wall and deporting
people or is there this much larger
process that requires both due process
and humanity and so judge Marx I
appreciate you spending time with us
tonight thank you so much Ari thank you
I appreciate your allowing me thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
