keeping a close eye on Paul Manafort
trial this hour it was on pause for most
of the day today is the judge in the
case huddle but lawyers from both sides
it's unclear what was discussed in the
hours long secretive meetings or what
the delay will mean for Robert Miller's
case against Donald Trump's former
campaign chairman Paul Manafort but that
mystery follows a new ruling from the
judge that should serve as a flashing
red warning light to Donald Trump's
lawyers that the broader Russia
investigation is now moving full steam
ahead and that the public has seen only
the tip of the iceberg from the New York
Times quote the federal judge overseeing
the trial of Paul Manafort sealed a
transcript on Thursday of a private
discussion in front of his bench after
prosecutors from the special counsel's
office argued that they needed to
protect an ongoing investigation the
conversation concerned whether
investigators had questioned Ric gates
the government's star witness and Mr Man
affords longtime deputy about the Trump
campaign prosecutors argued that they
needed to protect the secrecy of their
inquiry and limit the disclosure of new
information the judge T SLS ruled in
their favor
the ruling confirms what we have
believed to be true throughout the trial
that Ric Gates has more to offer Muller
than evidence of mana for its alleged
financial crimes and that could mean
danger for Trump or members of his inner
circle maybe that explains the new
battle cry emanating louder than ever
out of trumps orbit well I think if it
isn't over by September then we have a
very very serious violation of the
Justice Department rules
thing it shouldn't be conducting one of
these investigations in the 60-day
period this needs to be over soon it's I
think it's been very bad for the country
and we're at a point in this inquiry
where they can wrap it up mayor I know
you've said I've said this we want to
see this come to closure soon here there
ends I also think and I hope with
special counsel the sensitive to it as
we are we do not want to run into the
November elections so back up from that
this should be over with by September
first I think it needs to end very soon
and it needs to end very soon because
the nature of what's taking place here
is irregular and that's being kind from
Walker have to wrap it up
that sounds like lawyers speak for we
might be losing the latest evolution of
their messaging strategy from no
collusion to collusion isn't really a
crime to let's call the whole thing off
comes as we see more signs just today
that Muller is zeroing in on another
one-time Trump ally Roger stone he's
being investigated for communicating
with Russians over stolen emails he
seems likely to become the probes next
target one of his close allies a
Manhattan madam testifying before a
grand jury in the investigation today
while another one of Stone's allies is
being held in contempt of court today
for refusing to comply with the judge's
order to testify which means he's
choosing potential jail time over
cooperating with Robert Muller here to
help us understand all the day's
developments Joyce Vance a former US
attorney now law professor an MSNBC
contributor Frank fig Lizzy he's a
former assistant director for
counterintelligence at the FBI and an
MSNBC contributor on set with us White
House reporter from the Washington Post
Ashley Parker and Mike Schmitt
Washington correspondent for the New
York Times Joyce let me start with you
and all the masa nations of this I guess
for a non-lawyer and someone outside
this court it seems like a bizarre a
bizarre trial with a very interesting
character as a judge tell us what what
it means that they were on pause for so
long do we know what they were doing and
one of the scenarios for what could have
been going on we don't know exactly what
was going on but this really isn't at
all unusual for trial
sometimes when you get to this point or
even earlier on in a case issues can
come up there can be the need for a lot
of back-and-forth between the judge and
the lawyers as they sort out legal
issues and sometimes you can see juries
either sitting in a courtroom or back in
the jury room wondering what the delay
is about because the judge doesn't
necessarily share it with them either if
it's purely a legal issue about
admissible evidence here we had a little
bit of a curiosity thinking that perhaps
it might involve jurors who had begun to
deliberate prematurely the rule is that
the jurors aren't supposed to begin to
discuss the evidence until the trial is
complete and until they're all in the
room together they're admonished not to
talk in twos or threes but
only to deliberate as an entire group we
don't know for certain that there was
any problem along those lines the judge
did give an additional instruction but
they're all back in the room and
listening to evidence so it looks like
the parties agreed the case was ready to
move forward Frank can you I know we
were pinging you all day with questions
about your theories of what this pause
could have been about can you share them
with our viewers well my first thought
was indeed what appears on its face that
some juror may have been reported as
saying or doing something inappropriate
but his Joyce said this happens all the
time it can be remedied the key for me
on this is whether there's any
appealable issue but it sounds like
there's no disagreement between the
defense and the prosecution on this it
sounds like it was an amicable agreement
to resolve it and if this is what
happened we move on and and don't forget
there are alternate jurors that if
indeed this this continues to happen
this is why you have alternates you can
insert someone and dismiss the juror
who's causing an issue that may have
been it and this make we may be wrong
this man there may have been something
else going on as well Joyce man let me
ask you to weigh in on the other story
that we mentioned at the top of the show
this ruling that this conversation could
be sealed because of concerns about
gates testimony in the context of the
larger ongoing investigation this I
think is very interesting we also heard
this week that it was possible that
gates wouldn't serve any jail time at
all at the end of these proceedings and
you'll remember that he was indicted
along with manna fort for the whole kit
and caboodle so how do you go from that
sort of a mess to possibly not serving
jail time I don't think it's just by
testifying in the mana fort trial
frankly the government didn't really
need gates to prove this case so it must
be that they're getting assistance from
him on something else and that something
else is the the content of those six
sealed pages of the transcript from
yesterday Gates was around for the
Republican convention he may know
details for instance about how the
Republican party platform was softened
towards Ukraine he could know about
money donors to the inauguration he
could know about contacts between people
involved
the campaign and Russians so there are a
lot of possibilities for what he might
be able to narrate we'll just have to
remain curious a little bit longer
Frankfurt Louie he was around on the
campaign when figures like Carter page
were also swirling around that rather
chaotic campaign George papadopolis was
around that campaign it started as a
counterintelligence investigation
something that you know a little bit
about how would you use rick gates in
the larger investigation into potential
collusion or conspiracy with the
russians to impact the 2016 campaign
what questions would you have him answer
in exchange for what choice just
described potentially no or very little
jail time yeah so i I've never thought
that Rick Gates was all about a
white-collar crime case against metaphor
that he can answer the key question the
Umbrella question of what is what this
is all about which is to one extent did
this campaign collude with an
adversarial government to impact the
outcome of an election and did the
President of the United States have as
his campaign chairman an agent of a
foreign power
that's what Gates gets to the heart of
that's what he's answering and I believe
he knows the answers to those questions
and has already provided them to the
Muller team and you reminded us today
that Gates was around a lot longer than
manna fort was they've spent a lot of
their fire attacking manna for it saying
he wasn't around very long we hardly
knew him he gets the Papadopoulos coffee
by treatment but Rick Gates was and they
haven't done nearly as effective of a
job of distancing themselves from all of
the episodes he was around for the
transition he was around for the
inauguration he was in and out of this
White House for meetings almost until he
was knighted yeah that's exactly right
Rick Gates was a survivor I can remember
on the campaign being told by people the
the president wants him gone the
president wants him fired he's out
tomorrow and then there he was so not
only does he have this purchase manna
fort right-hand man but then he's there
through the rest of the campaign the
convention has mentioned the transition
he had a role in the inaugural committee
and then through a close friend of
President Trump's he was deeply involved
in sort of the day-to-day business of
the White House spotted you know on
those 16 or 18 acres of
really is you said up until the day he
was indicted and so I think this is just
another reminder of how deep the
tentacles of Muller's probe potentially
go and and how much we don't know and so
there's not a ton of concern at least
yet in the west wing of Manafort flippin
there is more concern about well a Gates
has already flipped and B what he may
know and and you have any sense Mike
Smith that there's anxiety or any
growing anxiety just about all these
fronts that they're managing now so it's
the Manta for trial
it's just ruling yesterday that there is
a value that Gates has to the larger
investigation it's the we haven't heard
much from Cohen this week but that's
obviously ongoing and unfolding is the
president they're sort of stewing is
that why we see so much J and Rudy all
over the airwaves I think that J and
Rudy are spending a lot of time keeping
the president calm as much as possible
and trying to hold him back and
unsecured anymore they weren't out there
you know and they've shown time and time
again that failure as he continues to
tweet about this and continues to talk
about it in ways that pretty much
everyone the legal community says are
damaging is why would he continue to
talk about such sensitive matters that
relate directly to his own conduct and
he continues to do it so you know look I
think you know the president gets very
upset a lot and gets reported a lot in
the press but he obviously has to look
at this and be concerned but I'm not
sure what else he can do what I mean the
he has one decision he could make to do
that and that's the fire motor and he
just doesn't seem to have the guts to do
that here just waved a red flag in front
of those Boulder guts to do that let's
listen Jay Sekulow the president's
lawyer Giuliani were on the radio when
we came on the air let's listen was a
perjury trap in other words here you've
got you've got one witness that says
this is what happened and then you got
another witnesses that recalls well no
that's now I recall it it happened this
way
and it does then someone write up report
and say well we believe this one we
don't believe that one thus it's perjury
when is the example no crime if it had
been said president says go easy on him
the president says didn't say he said it
he didn't say stop it don't do it
so no crime however it didn't take place
according to the president
according to call me it did
now the horse if it did it would've
mattered but then you'd but you're right
I'm thinking my cousin Vinnie but why
are they out talking about why are they
acting out how the president might
perjure himself an interview after
interview after interview so I think
this cannot be said enough they believe
the only thing that matters is public
opinion and if they can muddy the waters
and make it more difficult for the
average voter the average voter will put
less pressure on people in the House of
Representatives and the president will
not face an impeachment it's that simple
so if they're on the air like they are
today going on and on about different
things making it more confusing muddying
the whole thing then to them they think
that's effective Rudi we'll look at the
poll numbers from when before he came in
and where they are now and they'd say
look we have eroded mulher standing with
voters that is an accomplishment for us
that's how they see it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
