mob molar right now dialing up pressure
on witnesses holding one in contempt
which sets up an important court battle
appealing Amalur subpoena that's
happening right now tonight we're also
seeing some of the reaction from Donald
Trump's legal team to this pressure now
the technical term for what's happening
what's coming from the Trump lawyers is
a meltdown they are taking their case
public but not through another round of
media interviews instead it is a round
of Trump lawyers interviewing themselves
in the media and moonlighting as guest
hosts on none other than Sean Hannity's
radio show seriously hey welcome to the
sean hannity show jay sekulow and Mayor
Rudy Giuliani how about that Giuliani in
Sekulow nice I am Jay Sekulow chief
counsel of the American Center for Law
and Justice and one of the counsel to
the president and Rudy Giuliani of
course America's mayor former US
Attorney Department of Justice official
and for purposes of right now my
colleague and co-counsel in a case
involving a Russia inquiry that were
engaged in you may have read something
about it we're also gonna be taking your
calls we're providing the criminal
defense for the sitting president but
also taking your calls if this looks and
sounds bizarre to you as a human being
living in 2018 that's because it is
bizarre legally and historically it's
also unprecedented in the entire
American archives of criminal defense
work for a sitting president now critics
of Trump may like this and we're about
to show you more of what they said
critics of Trump may like it for the
same reason that they want him to keep
tweeting more talking and freelancing
can provide more evidence for Muller and
incriminating information in plain sight
in the public record in fact some of the
largest recent scoops that have hurt the
White House involved Trump or his aides
and lawyers talking the only reason we
know team Trump lied about their story
defending the Trump Tower rush a meeting
for example was because they had told so
many stories in the media about it now
in today's outing Trump's lawyers slash
guest hosts I don't know they stress
they are not leaking the secret details
of their discussions with Muller they
also criticized James Comey for what
they call his leaking and they use these
appearances to try to under
witnesses and the entire probe I think
if I were the Attorney General I would
appoint an independent counsel and I'd
appoint the independent counsel for two
purposes purpose number one to
appropriately prosecute the people who
violated these these laws Comey clearly
leaked a document that he wasn't
supposed to leak if you look at the
scope and nature of this inquiry the way
it started the corruption at the outset
it surely looks like an illegitimate
investigation president United States
said this a long time back then it's a
witch-hunt the other weird part of the
bind these lawyers have put themselves
in is that instead of taking questions
from journalists as you would in much
shorter not three-hour appearances
they're taking questions from Sean
Hannity fans and today one of those fans
was out even farther then Trump's
lawyers wanted to go it's very clear
Obama should be charged the Department
of Justice is being lacking its
responsibility right now to it they
should be looking and investigating and
charging Barack Obama would abuse of
power well I think I don't want to jump
that I don't think you could I would
agree with you it is crying out for an
investigation when the lawyers finished
their time with the live callers they
also stressed how serious their work is
and people can evaluate how serious a
job is if you can take out three hours
from it to fill in for Sean Hannity when
he has time off that is a the highest
honor that any lawyer could have
representing a president mm-hmm and
defending the Constitution and that's
why we have to go through the a
deliberative process yeah we can't just
shoot from the hip
we have to be able to have thought it
out we have to also also be able to
answer his questions and you know he
takes this very seriously he does have a
desire to does have a desire to explain
that he's innocent which he is but he
also understands his role as president
and that he just can't throw aside
prerogatives of the presidency joining
me to take this very seriously US
Senator Richard Blumenthal from
Connecticut who serves on the Judiciary
Committee former New York Times
executive editor Howell Raines and
Harvard a professor Leo
Recor senator what is going on you know
Ari I've been on both sides of the
courtroom I've defended criminal cases I
was a United States Attorney for
Connecticut I was Attorney General of
state of Connecticut I have never seen
this kind of bizarre behavior from a
lawyer in a serious criminal case in
fact what went through my mind is I
listened to them was that a defendant
convicted of a crime and later
challenging the conviction would have a
very good argument that there was
incompetent assistance of counsel
through habeas or whatever they pay am i
talking about a federal and effective
assistance of counsel petition I will
tell you that previously on this show
people have made lawyers have made jokes
to that effect this is one of those days
that what you're saying it would go into
the record or say look my lawyer wasn't
working which in my case he was
moonlighting talking about my case any
defendant and most especially the
president United States who needs and
deserves serious counsel would have that
claim but there is a really overriding
and profound point here which I think
you made that we're talking here about
the President of the United States who
should have some respect for the legal
system sure is the commander in chief
he's the chief executive in a
constitutional system he's the head of
the executive branch he should respect
the rule of law and he should of all
people respect the principle that no one
is above the law and yet this president
through Rudy Giuliani
has said in effect repeatedly he won't
cooperate with this investigation won't
be interviewed unless they comply with
and equally bizarre set of conditions no
I feel torn part of me wants to continue
to play around the margins of how
ludicrous this is with you and part of
me wants to probe the parts of it that
actually implicate the investigation so
let me do a little more of the serious
part sean hannity is a person who shared
a lawyer with the president michael
cohen that he hid from the public who is
now under serious investigation and
strain who just last night the the
finished dealing with the privileged
aspects of all the material they they
raided on him which includes seizing
tape recordings of the president what
does it say not only about Sean Hannity
who can do whatever he does in the media
and say that he's not a journalist that
doesn't follow rules and he's a that's
freedom what does it say about the
president and the judgment of people
around him that knowing all that two of
the lawyers are going in to literally
take the place with Sean Hannity
substitute for him while continuing what
they say is their public advocacy on
behalf of their client the president
what it says very seriously is that they
are making a mockery of the judicial
system of the rule of law of our justice
system and ironically it is a former
United States Attorney Rudolph Giuliani
who was in charge of a major office in
the Department of Justice who is the one
doing it it also says that there are
these legally incestuous relationships
insidious connections between Hannity
and Cohn and lawyers that I think will
at the end of the day do none of them
any good Howell Raines we often draw on
your wisdom and experience we don't talk
about age on this show but is the former
person in charge of the New York Times
and all of those battles and government
and legal matters you've seen a lot have
you seen anything like this and in a
period of declining norms and
expectations is it still a night to
address the kind of standards that seem
to be failing at the White House I've
never seen anything like this we've
never had a moment like this in our
country and you put your finger on
something very important that there's a
temptation to enjoy the comedy but the
country is bring is trembling on the
brink of tragedy and it's senator
Blumenthal point out it is this assault
on the not just on the opponents in this
legal case but this assault on the
judiciary and then
higher constitutional underpinnings of
our legal system from someone like Rudy
Giuliani you know I must say that
soundbite you show dari I had a hard
time distinguishing whether the henrik
hannity caller are the two lawyers of
the precedent were the kookier parties
and this is we were very cautious at the
times about ever using the word
unprecedented because as soon as you did
someone would cite a precedent that you
had ignored but there is no precedent
for this kind of assault on the
judiciary the legal system directed from
the white house one one wants not to get
too extreme in language but right now we
saw the Pugh show Poe today in The Times
thirty five percent of the lesser
educated people in this country are in
charge and their agent and his
mouthpieces are conducting a war on our
legal system all right and I think Leah
coming to us from your Harvard expertise
education is often maligned in American
politics and not everyone has the
financial means of the wherewithal to be
highly educated but a civic education
about how things should work and the
three branches in the president that's
something we try to get from our
government leaders and not think of them
to typically traditionally as demeaning
it with that in mind take a listen to
Rudy Giuliani arguing that effectively
the president shouldn't have to tell his
side of the story under oath because of
the conspiracy theory that automatically
everyone will believe James call me and
not him take a listen I think what we
have to get clear of the fact that a lot
of people interpret it this way
well if he's telling the truth why
wouldn't it just go in and testify hey
welcome to the real world the fact is he
is telling the truth
we're walking him into a possible
perjury trap not because he isn't
telling the truth but because somebody
else isn't telling the truth who they
would credit namely Comey Liam
so I think you know there's there's the
line between trying to be a good lawyer
for your client and trying to defend
your client and being a flat-out
propagandist and I think this is one of
the things that is so dangerous about
the moment that we're in we're seeing
the erasure and the the transformation
of norms of rules of ethics of morals
but we're also seeing the transformation
of fact you know it's it's one thing
again to defend your client it's another
thing to go on Sean Hannity's radio show
and host it and you know essentially
given to conspiracy theories for three
hours including indicating a former
sitting president you know I think one
of the things one of the things that we
have to talk about really here is the
power to of media and of propaganda and
so right now what right now what Trump's
lawyers are essentially doing is running
a counter PR or counter propaganda
campaign and using all of these media
networks in order to advance their
position they've been very successful in
the past both in terms of exposure but
also in terms of reaching great people
from people voters people for them
across the country and this is something
that we really have to watch out for and
really be concerned about well in
senator I think that's the only place
where you don't want to see them being
misleading and false and there are
consequences for that in court when it
comes out to the body you serve it and
whether the Senate is ever actively
going to adjudicate any of this it will
be ultimately a battle for public
opinion you are answerable to your
constituents and so in that respect it
may be that they are short term
pessimistic about what the Malheur probe
will uncover and long term optimistic
about trying to get a lot of the country
on their side or confuse or defining
collusion down you know and Rudy
Giuliani is clearly going in that
direction because it's not just on the
radio him sort of freelancing he wrote
out and posted on the on the Internet
today maybe it's time for sessions to
appoint a special counsel to investigate
the conspiracy to defeat Donald Trump by
buying and disseminating these fake
dossiers illegal wires and convincing
baseless FBI investigations now some of
that is false and we have to know
there's not been any
about the wiretaps being found illegal
some of that is fair opinion you can
debate whether FBI investigations are
baseless or not but when Rudy Giuliani
is the president's lawyer and actively
calls on Jeff Sessions to be involved in
something that he has recused himself on
because of the DOJ he seems to be in a
conflict there between what he's allowed
to do which is try to convince the
public of something and what you're not
allowed to do which is go up against the
DOJ recusal precisely because sessions
was too close to the campaign the
recusal was correct in fact the Attorney
General of the United States had no
choice but to recuse himself and so
you're absolutely right that Rudolph
Giuliani is asking Jeff Sessions to do
something clearly improper but he is
also doing more which is to discredit or
seek to discredit the entire
investigation and that's where I have
been so appalled and astonished by many
of my colleagues in the United States
Congress who have joined in this effort
to demean and disrespect not only the
rule of law generally but also robert
muller and this investigation and i will
tell you that at the end of this era
when the history is written i think the
girls are going to be the independent
judiciary and our free press Howell
Raines is a great example of that kind
of conscience in our media over many
many years because they have in effect
exposed this effort to discredit a
lawful investigation Thank You senator
and I must say I was sharing with the
senator Blumenthal earlier I think the
New York Times and The Washington Post
and the responsible keval networks have
done a really remarkable job of
adjusting to a kind of unimaginable
daily chaos and there there's you spoke
of norms earlier I think we the entities
that we were just telling are the
guardians of those norms now and it's
heartbreaking to me that the Republican
Party whose founding to destroy slavery
was a landmark
in the history of freedom is silent as
this man is waging war on our legal
system and I just do my heart almost
broke reading The Times profile Paul
Ryan this week where he seems oblivious
to the realities of what's going on
around it well let me go to Lee on that
because we're over on time but but maybe
you could tie it all together for us
because the political science of this is
the problem isn't it alia that we have
so many people in one party looking at
self-preservation over any of the
standards and norms they used to talk
about so its polarization its
partisanship and it's a fact that one
party is is ink has completely you know
thrown out the window any semblance of
redline lying in the sand right having a
breaking point in favor of a president
who most of them once hated but we also
know that you know many of them have
been implicated in some of the things
that have come out but also to that they
are incredibly invested in whatever
agenda they that can push through
through this president and using him as
a vehicle in the same way that there he
is using them as a vehicle so a lot of
this is about power as opposed to party
as opposed to concern for the country
you know one of the things that that
Toni Morrison said is that racism that
inequality that all of these kinds of
things serve as a distraction and that's
what it is it's a distraction because
the president refuses to take
accountability for the kinds of things
that he has been doing we're not
focusing on the things that we should be
focusing on I appreciate that as
something to meditate on it hey I'm
already melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
