another important top story tonight the
white nationalist who marched on
Charlottesville well their allies say
they're coming back to the White House
this Sunday the idea is marking the year
since that all right rally which of
course resulted in the killing of a
protester now today Donald Trump was
back attacking NFL players for
protesting police brutality during the
national anthem and one of his biggest
defenders on Fox News Laura Ingraham
under fire
what she views as quote demographic
changes because in some parts of the
country it does seem like the America
that we know and love doesn't exist
anymore massive demographic changes have
been foisted upon the American people
and their changes that none of us have
were voted for and most of us don't like
now much of this is related to both
illegal and in some cases legal
immigration that of course progressives
love Laura Ingraham now says those
comments quote had nothing to do with
race meanwhile we can report that across
the nation there is a surge in
candidates associated with white
nationalism I consider myself a white
Marie Phyllis he's also campaigning to
keep Chicago's neighborhoods 90% white
think most white people want a white
neighborhood this monstrous nature of
the Jewish people must be known to the
public it's not because we're racist
it's because we feel marginalized and
we're the ones who are being oppressed
we turn now to prominent civil rights
leaders in the new generation DeRay
McKesson from black lives matter in
patrisse cullors a co-founder black
lives matter she's also the author of
when they call you a terrorist thank you
both DeRay let's start with the point
this is an anniversary of a thing and a
killing that was brought about by the
white nationalist how is a society do we
address that and turn it into something
potentially more constructive yes sir
this is a racist rally and we should
name it as such I'm less interested
actually in the rally and more
interested in how this rally functions
you know just today one of the leaders
of the rally was actually on NPR and he
espoused a belief that was just
scientific racism and we continue to
give platforms to that and we shouldn't
do that anymore I'm also mindful too of
the way that this solidifies a set of
beliefs for a base of the Republican
Party that benefits from this so you see
Laura Ingraham say things that are
really about making sure the country is
as white as possible in the reality is
is that white people are the minority or
they're becoming the minority really
quickly and you see this wing of the
party fighting against that at every
for the way Trump didn't even condemn
the last year in sessions did call the
act evil he said that he would
investigate it but you and I haven't
heard anything about the fruit of that
investigation and here we are one year
later I think that's well put patrice on
that very point i want to play the
mother of the woman who was killed at
that rally speaking out take a look I
can tell you what David Duke and Richard
Spencer and Jason Kessler and I believe
Matthew heimbach have even said and that
is that the current administration has
given them the go-ahead giving them a
thumbs up giving them a wink and a nod
that's their words not mine
that is potent coming from a mother who
lost her child there last year how does
that fit into this the quote political
accountability for what may be separate
acts of violence I mean what we've seen
since Donald Trump was on the campaign
trail is extreme white supremacy an
affinity towards white nationalism he's
allowed four people and white people in
particular to talk terribly about black
people about Muslims and so when that
young person was killed by the protester
while it was shocking and disturbing
we knew that Donald Trump created the
environment for that to happen mm-hmm
and so DeRay what is the activism that
turns this or is this by necessity I
guess defensive activism in other words
you both are involved an organization
that had a wide impact and had a
grassroots support and black lives
matters a term that I think is we've
discussed is known all over the world
but talking about fighting white
nationalists at a grassroots level if
you will is quite different from the
work you were doing a few years ago
before the Trump era or police brutality
yeah I think some of it is being mindful
that we can give platforms that
normalize this sort of language in these
ideas you know my challenge to you and
all the media is about how we cover this
is that your show shows across the
country aren't having any of the people
who went in and killed a journalist
you're not having people on who said
that the media is like terrible people
who we should hate why because you know
that that actually leads to bad things
you know that that speech is harmful
it's the same with these guys is that
they come out and they espouse these
things that they say really nicely like
they deliver it nicely but the fruit of
it is just bad the second is that people
have been organizing will continue to
organize this won't stop any of that but
what this does do is like it allows this
language to enter into the Civic space
in a way that we need to make sure it
doesn't you know like I know part of
free speech is not speech that incites
violence and I don't know any better
example of speech that incites violence
then Charlotte ville in the recent
memory I don't even know why they're
back in Charlottesville why they're
allowed back so so on that point build
on the on the media critique you're
making you're saying specifically what
should the media of the television media
try to avoid yes I think one if there's
a platform we should use the actual
words and phrases that they say and stop
paraphrasing it the second is that we
should also host should be able to
challenge them on the facts so today on
NPR kessler literally espouses
scientific racism and the host should
sort of lets him talk and it's like that
is just wrong there it is not that black
people have lower IQs and other races
like that is what he said and the host
just sort of is like oh that's
interesting why do you think that it's
like no not why do you think that it
should be that just isn't true and we
can't let people espouse these things
and put them into the public
conversation because it it feeds a set
of behaviors and actions that we know
are dangerous and again the media is not
having on people who think the media
should be shot and killed or that the
media is restoring the road you're not
validating those set of opinions because
you know it's wrong hmm Patrice well I
just want to make sure that I call out
folks on the ground that are going to be
you know dealing with the white
supremacist in DC our local chapter the
black lives matter global network local
chapter black lives matter DC is going
to be doing a series of events this
weekend to both hold space for people
who are going to be you know protesting
against these white supremacist but also
making sure that people are safe we
don't know what's going to happen this
weekend and we need people on the ground
and our chapter is going to be making
sure that folks are safe on the ground I
think you guys have made several
important points the last one Patrice is
important which is we are on the
precipice of another
another period here just this weekend
where there is a credible higher risk of
hate crimes and race-based violence
which is part of how we cover it and
then try to do that thoughtfully without
exacerbating it and both of you offering
I think food for thought for our viewers
and ourselves here in the in the
newsroom about how to do better
DeRay McKesson and patrisse cullors
thank you both hey I'm already Melvin
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
