the Kretz are optimistic that a blue
wave could hand them control of the
house this fall but a growing number of
Democratic candidates are already
anxious about the prospect of giving the
speaker's gavel back to the party's
longtime Leader Nancy Pelosi according
to a new NBC News survey here more than
50 Democrats running for the House say
they will not support Pelosi for speaker
that includes nine who are already
members of Congress nine incumbents the
source of the problem could be ads like
these that are running in races across
the country with Pelosi as Speaker
everything a vote for Paul Davis is a
vote for Nancy Pelosi that's too risky
after lying the whole campaign dishonest
Danny O'Connor now admits he'd vote for
Pelosi McCall for Congress Pelosi for
speaker Pelosi has served as the top
Democrat in the House for nearly 16
years helping Democrats win back the
majority in 2006 that made her the first
woman to become the Speaker of the House
late today President Trump wrote on
Twitter Democrats please do not distance
yourself from Nancy Pelosi she is a
wonderful person whose ideas and
policies may be bad but who should
definitely be given a fourth chance join
them by the hardball roundtable Evans
Siegfried is a Republican strategist
Tara Dowdell a Democratic strategist and
Beth phooey
senior politics editor for NBC News and
MSNBC Tara we're looking at a scenario
where if the Democrats get back the
house they may not have much of a margin
for error in terms of their majority
that the size their majority I mean
we'll see there could be a gigantic wait
here but when you start talking about
nine incumbents and dozens of candidates
a lot of whom are probably going to get
elected and come to Congress can Nancy
Pelosi get elected Democratic leader by
this Democratic Party well I mean that
remains to be seen but one of the things
that I think I'm concerned with with the
Democratic Party is that Democrats
should not fall into this trap that
Republicans are setting for them around
Nancy Pelosi Republicans want Democrats
talking about Nancy Pelosi this is a
perennial strategy that they run every
two years I call it the attack Nancy
Pelosi to distract from the issue
strategy when Democrats are talking on
the issues speaking about the issues
particularly the local issues
matter in the districts where they're
running and the more national issues
they win when they fall into the frame
that Republicans set up they risk not
winning so I think that it's important
that if I'm advising viral advising
these Democrats I will tell them to call
this strategy out for what it is it's
about distracting from the issues it's
about distracting from the corruption
that's under that's happening in the
Trump administration and it's about
making it the argument about Nancy
Pelosi and putting her on the ballot and
not to fall into that trap there are
some Democrats who are out there making
that case best at it but again these
numbers you've got a lot of Democrats
who are running in Republican friendly
districts and this seems like sort of an
inoculation strategy on the other hand
you've got folks like Alexandria Ocasio
Cortes certainly on the left side of the
party in a very safe district she's not
committing to anything either it does
make me wonder I know we had you know
there was Tea Party sort of uprising
against John Boehner he had a close call
in the House floor a couple years ago
I'm looking at numbers here I haven't
seen with a party leader in a long time
though well but she's been the leader
for such a long time I mean let's face
it she has been a very effective good
leader for many many years but at this
point perhaps it is time that she move
along and not I I hate what I see is
sexist attacks on her but I really don't
think at this point the folks who are
distancing themselves are doing so
because they feel like she's a woman
she's an older woman she should go away
she should shut up that's that's that's
sort of a straw man and I don't think
that's what's going on here fact is
she's been in power at the top of that
party for so long she's held on to it
with this iron grip why not step aside
and let younger people new people come
in and try it out see how they do yeah
so who are so Crowley Joe Crowley in new
york was supposed to be
hey if pelosi steps aside Hoyer's too
old it won't be in Clyburn x' to a lot
of people thought crowley now he's gone
who would it be it would have to be a
whole new generation of people I mean
people are talking about Joe Kennedy
from Massachusetts that's Moulton from
Massachusetts it's it's going to be sort
of a fight no question about it and
maybe that's right maybe there aren't
people automatically ready to take over
but that again is a consequence of her
sitting there for so long just because
hanging onto that power with with no
regard for bringing up these younger
members in Evin we've seen this a couple
times now in these special elections saw
it in in Pennsylvania saw it again in
Ohio recently Republicans try out a lot
of different messages in these
these contested congressional races they
tried taxes they try some culture war
they end up on Nancy Pelosi is that is
it a strong strategy for Republicans to
run on this year or does it represent
the absence of any other strategy it
fires up our base and Nancy Pelosi is
prone to gaffes as much as I respect her
from a position of being able to keep a
caucus together which we sorely need in
the Republican side especially with the
freedom caucus but she comes out and
says things like $1,000 to an American
family is just crumbs that sounds like
out of touch but her really stunning
gaffe was on President Trump attacked
ms-13 which is actually a violent and
vicious gang so much so that when
Loretta Lynch was the US Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York she
went after them with fury in dining them
on everything that they could and she
wanted them out of the country but she
said there are people too when President
Trump was doing that gaffes like that
can lead to follow-up questions if your
candidate says either maybe I don't know
or yes I'd supporter okay well she says
that Emma oh she seems to be siding with
ms-13 it opens up a whole new can of
worms it's a very smart strategy for us
when we're facing significant headwinds
and Nancy Pelosi can be the person to
end this for everybody all she has to do
is have a press conference and say this
Congress is my last conference as leader
of the caucus but she wants is I see you
shaking your head but is there a chance
that happens that you get to September
or so and you see all these Democrats
distancing themselves and and there's a
there's a call to say hey for the good
of the party make this announcement make
sure we get the house here here's the
thing Nancy Pelosi has taken out of
context all the time by Republicans
Democrats are accused of siding with
everybody Under the Sun by Republicans
the attacks that Republicans are
leveling they are going to level
regardless if it's not Nancy Pelosi they
will find a new person for Clinton it's
inverse of all it's typically a woman in
a person of color which is another
problem that and that's something that
Democrats need to push back on as well
the problem is if Democrats are arguing
about Nancy Pelosi they're not talking
about the issues and in these local
districts they need to keep their eyes
on the prize and it's talking to voters
about the issues at the end of the day
voters care about what matters to them
and Democrats have to say
focused on that laser focused on that
right and also I just want to make
another point yeah you know Denny
Hastert this figure of the house under
the Republicans is a child molester and
so Republicans are going after Nancy
Pelosi Democrats need to hit harder also
when they're under attack in these
situations right yeah I think the
Republicans get to give something
benefit the debt here the the Hastur
thing didn't come out until you know
until years later Pelosi gives gifts to
us when she does say things like that
but it wasn't taken out of context when
she was asked you agree with President
Trump the ms-13 are animals she said
they're human beings too that is a
really stupid move but this thing is and
I agree with Tara Democrats should focus
on the issues you know what the two
things they should focus on health care
because that's gonna be the biggest
issue in the second biggest issue
Democrats would be smart if they ceded
that we're in a great economy but then
they follow it up and ask a question is
this economy working for you and I bet
you more voters will say no it's not I'm
not feeling the good things here
don't let Nancy Pelosi become an issue
don't even respond and stick to the
issues you it's interesting because we
in terms of Republican strategy here
Evan we've had you on a number of times
I know you're very critical of Donald
Trump and you seem down on them and I'm
listening to you get going on Nancy
Pelosi I think you're sort of answering
my question about in terms of
Republicans finding a unifying message
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
