an MSNBC contributor former senior FBI
official former US attorney for the
Eastern District of Virginia so he knows
this courtroom quite well all right the
whispers all around
Alexandria were that this was a juror
issue we don't know for sure but a delay
like this it was certainly odd and then
you hear the admonishment we're trying
to connect dots are we trying to connect
darts too hard
possibly okay I mean trials have delays
and they have delays for lots of reasons
Chuck I mean I've had juror issues in my
own trials it could be that someone
tried to talk to a juror or juror
overheard something in a hallway or a
bathroom or a juror fell ill I mean all
these are possibilities by the way
that's why there are 16 jurors there are
four alternates and so the alternates
don't know who they are all 16 are
listening to the case as if they are
part of the 12 that will ultimately
decide it but if it was a juror issue
and one of them has to be excused you
still have 15 left I have to say and
maybe I've watched too much too many
movies or too much TV I was surprised
that this jury wasn't sequestered a
little because this is Washington Paul
Manafort already tried to tamper with
witnesses even when he was on with an
ankle bracelet on him I'm just it didn't
it's not as if there wasn't concern that
outside forces might want to mess around
yeah it's both rare and expensive and
frankly we're already asking a lot of
the jurors to give up two or three weeks
of their lives now we're asking them to
go back to some you know lousy motel
room at night and watch you know you
know three channels that are permitted
on their cable TV we don't like to do it
and the judge admonishes them at the
beginning of each day in the middle of
each stay and at the end of each day
don't watch don't listen don't talk to
one another don't talk to anyone about
the case and that usually is sufficient
would you have had concern prosecuting
this case given manna forts already was
caught witness tampering with is this
something that somebody has to request a
prosecutor would have to request if
they're concerned about the jury well
first question first so witness
tampering and jury tampering have to
vary no I think right
right I take I get that and what I would
I be concerned enough to raise it and
suggest that the jury be sequestered I
don't think so
but you're right he's demonstrated that
behavior in the past and so your antenna
would be up but I don't actually think
it's necessary in my experience Chuck
jurors follow those instructions every
now and then one sort of goes off the
rails but you have alternates but jurors
take those admonitions seriously
all right prosecution's about to rest
gates this seems like it was a
double-edged sword
I assume prosecution knew that going in
and it seems like they they started with
paper trail and they're ending with
paper trail yeah was that a purposeful
strategy knowing that Gates was going to
be a subjective witness I guess so I
think double-edged sword is a good
description but remember you know bank
robbers run with bank robbers and drug
dealers run with drug dealers so you
know manna forts runs with gates this
guy is not clean you know if we got to
pick our own witnesses for trial Chuck
it would be nuns and librarians but it's
not and so what makes gates valuable is
that he corroborates the documents and
what makes the documents valuable is
that they corroborate gates and so in a
sense surround the gates by documents
and emails and other witnesses makes him
credible the jury may not like the guy
he's a criminal but he's a credible one
so prosecution's about the rest there's
already been chatter through the last
few months that you know if Manta Ford
at any moment thinks it's over you know
there's no way to get out of this that
maybe he finds a way to cut a deal is
this is this the moment before you would
try to do it if you're in the defense
you said you know I don't know if we
want to present it because there's two
things are gonna do it they'll obviously
ask them to have the case dismissed that
probably won't happen but is this one a
deal could be cut if one we're cutting
the windows closing I mean some
prosecutors would tell you that it
closed
I would never rule out the possibility
of taking a plea and getting someone's
truthful cooperation but it is getting
awfully late in the day for that Chuck
do you think this is getting close to
slam dunk or now well I hate that term
right and juries are the storage tenant
by the way
and he probably should juries do strange
things and is there a shot that of
acquittal sure how big is it it's
awfully small because remember in order
to convict the jury needs to be
unanimous twelve oh but in order to
acquit they also need to be in unanimous
twelve oh and the notion of running the
table in a case like this is really
small this there was interesting there
was a sidebar conversation where they
were they were able to get some
testimony some gates that's where they
keep it away say it's part of an ongoing
device and they don't want the notes of
the sidebar to get out how often does
that happen in an investigation in a
case like this it happens I mean if you
have a trial with other subjects and
targets sort of out on the streets it
happens this indicate Gates is still
cooperating well it indicates that
there's an ongoing investigation I
imagine that Gates is cooperation is
reasonably close to done but they're
gonna need him again for instance if
there's another trial for mr. Matta for
it in Washington DC I imagine mr. gates
is gonna be on that witness stand again
the judge judge Ellis they filed another
motion today where they feel that the
prosecution feels as if essentially a
judge prejudiced the jury here first of
all does the prosecution have a case on
this they have an argument absolutely do
they have a case I mean it's an argument
that this was they have a valid argument
is there anything they can do about it
no and remember if the government loses
a trial they don't have an appeal the
defendant does but the government even
if they think there was in their minds
judicial misconduct or judicial
prejudice it would have to be
extraordinary and I've never seen that
happen you've gone for judge Ellis and I
know you've said judge Ellis is going to
judge Ellis what should we expect his
treatment of the defense next week well
it sort of depends on what Moody's in
that morning and you know which
direction the defense le it just depends
whether the coffee was good well I don't
mean to be glib he's a smart guy he
usually gets the right result like
judges have to be so careful Chuck
because the jury watches the judge and
picks signals from how the judge acts
who he sort of berate sand who he you
know admonishes they don't know any
better
they think he's always right and he
often is but in my experience the very
judges only call balls and strikes and
if they want to admonish counsel they do
it privately at the bench out of the
earshot of the jury and that way the
jury doesn't draw any implications those
are my favorite baseball umpires too
ones that just do this yep rather than
ah you know and you see it occasionally
in baseball where an umpire goes after a
player it's crazy that's not their job
Aaron is Chuck Rosenberg that's always
sir happy Friday
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mind
set right here for you on YouTube
subscribe now
