hexxus is heated Senate race Republican
incumbent Ted Cruz and his Democratic
challenger three-term congressman beta
O'Rourke made their final pitch to
voters this week it has been 30 years
since Texas elected a Democrat to the
Senate but a Roarke a rising progressive
star is getting plenty of attention well
beyond Texas to me you embody so much of
what the country needs right now you are
kindness you are joy you're meeting
difficulty and disappointment with a
power and joy of connecting with people
bringing the best out of people and so
if there's a way that we can connect
with what you are doing with the viewers
who watch this show if I can make my
wife Amy who's here even happier right
there you know then I'm gonna do it
there is with Ellen DeGeneres NBC's al
excites well got a first-hand look at
beta mania that clip is sort of a
perfect way to encapsulate this right
this guy is a hero in LA and New York
and a lot of liberal parts of the
country but those people don't vote in
Texas right what are the people in Texas
saying well there's definitely a lot of
enthusiasm for him on the ground in
Texas 50,000 people turning out in
Austin I was with him on a Monday and
he's going to a rally in the morning
with a thousand people rally in the
afternoon with a thousand people and
then that evening a big concert with
rappers and but still you know this is
Texas five hundred thousand more
Republicans voted in the primary order
this year than Democrats he's got a lot
going against him he's got to kind of
pull the inside straight to win this
race even as there's this alternative
national world going on with all these
liberals you know putting bado stickers
on their cars in Vermont in New York
want him to run for president 2020 he's
got to win in Texas first I heard from
someone who was close to former
President Barack Obama say this could be
bo2 Barack Obama to in some way that may
not necessarily help him he's gonna need
some other things to go his way right
now we saw in recent days his numbers
seemed to trail off maybe in the wake of
the Kavanagh controversy where
Republicans came back home so to speak
how are they combative at right now well
this has been the big problem for any
Democrat in Texas and and from day one
with better work there was a sense that
there's a ceiling that he could climb
and climb and no matter how big his
crowds were no matter how much
enthusiasm they were he was
ever gonna get to 50% just because it's
Texas it's large Latino population but
it hasn't been well-organized Democrats
haven't invested in getting them turnout
so they're trying to you know get
enthusiasm out get the word out and
they're basically trying to remake the
electorate to win cuz that's what you
got to do it's a very tall order though
and you only get to do that once in a
while everything's got to go right he's
gone negative in recent days usually
that's an indication you're trying to
get some folks attention because things
may not be going well right there's been
a huge part is brand that he's positive
sunny happy warrior really took the
gloves off in this debate earlier this
week with Ted Cruz about running three
negative ads on TV could be a sign of
nervousness it could have been their
plan to close negative in the end but
you know you know if you if you have
gone this far staying positive you would
like to avoid going negative you can I
ask you earlier where he's gonna hold
his election night you joked Des Moines
a lot of people think this guy's name if
he wins they think he's the nominee if
he loses he may be the Democratic
nominee does he even address that sort
of discussion well he says he's gonna
serve his his full six-year term if he's
elected but so did a guy named Barack
Obama when he was running for Senate you
know he just kind of has this this it
factor that a lot of Democrats don't
have these days I think it's a sign that
so many people are excited about this
guy who all the polls say is about to
lose when they've got 30 candidates
running for president already and
they're instead getting excited about
this guy it means they're not you know
Democrats want to fall in love they say
they're not falling in love with the
rest of the 2020 field right now hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
