there's already been chatter through the
last few months that you know it may
afford at any moment thinks it's over
you know there's no we can get out of
this that maybe he finds a way to cut a
deal is this is this the moment before
you would try to do it if you were in
the defense you said you know I don't
know if we want to present it because
there's two things are gonna do it
obviously ask them to have the case
dismissed that probably won't happen but
is this one a deal could be cut if one
we're cut the window is closing I mean
some prosecutors would tell you that it
closed
I would never rule out the possibility
of taking a plea and getting someone's
truthful cooperation but it is getting
awfully late in the day for that Chuck
do you think this is getting close to
slam dunk or now well I hate that term
right and juries are the storage tenant
by the way and he probably should juries
do strange things and is there a shot
that of acquittal sure how big is it
it's awfully small because remember in
order to convict the jury needs to be
unanimous 12 oh but in order to acquit
they also need to be in unanimous twelve
oh and the notion of running the table
in a case like this is really small
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
