the Trump administration is proposing to
take the US Armed Forces to infinity and
beyond
Vice President Mike Pence unveiled the
administration's plan to create a sixth
branch of the US military by 2020 known
as a space force the administration is
asking Congress for eight billion bucks
I remind you there's not clean water
again in Flint Michigan eight million
but eight billion bucks over the next
five years to protect the United States
from emerging threats while also
combating space-age advancements by
China and Russia they hope to have it up
and running by 2022 often previous
administrations all but neglected the
growing security threats emerging in
space president Trump's stated clearly
and forcefully that space is in his
words a war fighting domain just like
land and air and sea and just as we've
done in ages past the United States of
America under his leadership will meet
the emerging threats on this new
battlefield I know it seems like it was
sort of absurd but he was just glad that
nobody was asking him about Paul
Manafort I want to bring in dr. May
Jemison honored to have her here a
former NASA astronaut and the first
african-american female to go into space
in 1992 a hero of mine and Matt Welsh
not a hero of mine but a friend a what
do you think of this proposal I'm
actually disappointed because we're
actually taking something that has an
opportunity to really unite humanity
that we can work around in space
exploration and really using it divisive
ly the it's really clear that if there
are issues that are associated with
reorganization then that makes sense the
United States has formidable
capabilities in space yes we need to
keep them up there's already a level of
militarization but the need to create a
separate military branch the Pentagon
required another a billion dollars to do
that is is really is really
disappointing it's worrisome because of
the rhetoric not the issue around
reorganization to be more robust to do
other things
there is a real threat China and Russia
they are testing anti-satellite weapons
they are moving forward do we need to be
doing so well we've actually been able
to do some of this before and we've
actually done it and we do have
formidable capabilities again making
sure that we have that all the adequate
and not just adequate the the strong
capabilities we need are absolutely a
requirement the question is whether we
need another branch of the military to
do it and whether or not we need to
spend an additional a billion dollars to
do it when there's so many other ways we
can look at this but the reorganization
there are issues that can go on in the
Pentagon and the military different Air
Force how they how they use the funding
you know it's the it's the issues around
needing another branch mat defense
secretary Jim mattis now says he's on
board months ago he criticized it I'm
following Ben Sasse on Twitter and he's
mocking it I mean he says athletic
directors understand that all service
academies can be trapped games but Space
Force Academy is especially dangerous
they're intergalactic planetary
planetary intergalactic skills are mad
good you've got Ben Sasse I mean it's
that not humiliating the space Force
Mike Pence is standing up there like
this is the future and you got Ben sauce
making fun of it in just a couple of
months ago mattis was like not a good
idea what who wants it so Secretary had
there Wilson also as in the past
previously said that this isn't really
we're trying to organize so many
different things here it's a
bureaucratic nightmare the best stuff
that has happened in space development
over the last five six years has almost
exclusively come from the private sector
it's when Barack Obama said okay let's
open this up to more private competition
let's stop having the US government and
NASA be a monopolist on on the provision
of space goods out there so this idea of
centralizing of having a top-down kind
of way of developing things it hasn't
worked in the past it's kind of where we
got stuck before the Pentagon is not
known for spending money well we still
can't get joint
fighter aircraft together that we can
share between the various branches and
there's no reason to believe that this
is gonna happen well now I think what
we're seeing here is what we've seen a
lot from the Trump administration on
policies that are both serious and
unserious he just has a brain fart and
then they rally around him and try to
kind of create it back bill whatever he
just sort of proposed on the fly
this isn't seriously thought through no
matter how Mike Pence gets that look in
his eyes the far-off gaze talking about
the president did this with with a great
forethought now they're just making it
up they have space board that is unaware
that that word is strictly forbidden on
this show maybe what's your dream what
should it look like quickly well it's so
one of the things initiative that I've
been working on really has been how do
we use space exploration to actually get
people connected around the world we
have a lot of capabilities already in
terms of the military I think what Matt
just said about how do we become more
robust it's not by a top-down approach
the way to do this is yes sort of say
inside of the military for the Pentagon
the agencies that already exist to
rearrange to do the things that they
need to do to make their capabilities
more effective more robust and yet at
the same time we have to understand that
creating more weapon systems and
technology escalation in space is not
going to make us safer it's a really an
illusion hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
