I want a house Minority Leader Nancy
Pelosi she is of course one of the
longest-serving leaders in the history
of Congress and if Democrats win back
control of Congress this year Nancy
Pelosi would become the first person to
reclaim the speaker's gavel after losing
it
since legendary Sam Rayburn in 1955 but
Pelosi's place within her caucus right
now is anything but secure as Morning
Joe and NBC's Ali Vitali reports if
Hillary Clinton had won I might have
gone home after nearly 16 years as
Leader Nancy Pelosi is still the most
powerful woman in Washington but with
Donald Trump in the White House no way
it's what's next that remains to be seen
the year that female House candidates
have smashed the record for major party
nominations could also be the year that
Pelosi gets pushed out of party
leadership I won't be voting for Nancy
Pelosi I won't vote for Nancy Pelosi I
won't vote for Nancy Pelosi the
candidate uprising is partly fueled by
anti-establishment energy on her left I
want to see new options I want to see
what we have on the field
but mainly by Democrats on her right
including top recruits facing attacks in
typically Republican districts it's all
a big lie Connor Lam successfully
distanced himself in his special
election win unlike Georgia's jonov with
Nancy Pelosi Democrats need to pick up
23 seats to control Congress in 2018 an
NBC News canvass of candidates and their
statements found at least 41 nominees
and nine incumbents openly oppose Pelosi
another 34 said they are neither for nor
against her from competitive races two
long shots a mounting number skeptical
of another term with Pelosi at the helm
I think I'm worth the trouble but it
still pays to have her on your side
the California congresswoman has raised
more than 87 million dollars this
election cycle with thousands going to
candidates who oppose her I love it and
despite the calls for new leadership new
leaders new leadership aside from her
2016 challenger Ohio Democrat Tim Ryan
I've not closed the door on it
alternatives have been slow to emerge
last time 63 members opposed Pelosi when
the caucus voted behind closed doors but
in the House wide roll call that
bird Windell down to only four if a
sizable block commits to taking their
opposition all the way this time
Pelosi would lack the votes she needs
for now she's the one setting the terms
of the debate
well I'm female I'm progressive so
what's your problem
Ali Vitali NBC News Washington
all right thanks so much to Ali and you
can see more of the candidates reactions
to Nancy Pelosi and what they're trying
to do to get elected by going to
nbcnews.com thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
