six months after marching in the deadly
unite the right rally
I've asked Gabe to return to
Charlottesville
it's time for him to confront the
painful truth about what really happened
here most of the people I work with have
never had a meaningful interaction with
the people they claim to hate Jews
African Americans or the counter
protesters at the Charlottesville rally
what saved me was interacting with the
people I thought well my enemies usually
all the time you meet someone from the
other side is when you're like out of
like a rally and you're both screaming
at each other about ready to you know
fight or something that was a look at
the new MSNBC special breaking hate
which premieres this Sunday on the
one-year mark of the deadly clash
between protesters and white
nationalists in Charlottesville Virginia
the special shares the story of former
white supremacist Christian Pete Cellini
who has dedicated his life to reforming
others and Christian joins us now he's
the founder of the free radicals project
and the author of the book white
American youth my descent into America's
most violent hate movement and how I got
out
also with us in Washington contributor
to nbcnews.com editorial page think
Sophia Nelson she's the office author of
the book he pluribus one reclaiming our
founders vision for a united America
thank you both for being here so much
Christian I'll start with you tell me
about Gabe the young man you were
sitting there with why did he show up in
Charlottesville what is he so angry
about so I started working with Gabe
about a year and a half ago after his
mother had contacted me and it took him
a while to actually talk to me I'd
worked with his mother and counseled her
and we were making progress and then at
one point he decided he was going to go
to Charlottesville because he missed it
he kind of regressed and he was missing
that the camaraderie and the Brotherhood
of it but after he went there he really
had the revelation that that wasn't
something that he wanted to be a part of
anymore so he finally reached out to me
and he made that initiative to to really
talk about what was going through his
heart and I brought him back there to
face his demons like what where does
that hate come from I've been talking
about Gabe but where did it come from
from you you've obviously reformed
yourself but for both of you why where
does the hate
coming from you no I really I don't
think that ideology is what causes these
people to hate I think it's their search
for identity community and purpose
growing up and they hit what I call
potholes in the road that deviate their
path and if we don't have the resources
to fill in those potholes and get us
back on track sometimes we get really
dangerously lost for Gabe he grew up in
poverty he grew up where his father had
died it you know when he was young and
he really just never had the resources
and never had the interaction with
people to to build that humanization for
them so Reb I guess it's it's like a lot
of gangs they fill a void that some
young people don't have in their lives
no I think that's exactly right they
become the family they don't have it
becomes a lot of other things the danger
though is that when you get people
seeking power or achieving power that
plays into the element which is why what
President Trump said making moral
equivalence become so dangerous because
it normalizes and in many ways gives
legitimacy to this which means that
people I gave has a more difficult task
of taking them out of that because they
feel legitimate they feel this is the
quote American way to hate and that's
why people in power ought not play on
this and really pimp these emotions that
really ought to be turned or you know
what's amazing is that there's a
documentary coming out about jihadists
that this footage that shows we've never
seen before these transformations young
people and it's the same s its these
lost young people and give them a sense
of identity give them a sense of
brotherhood to the point where they lose
any sense of humanity and it whether
it's the gangs whether it's the white
nationalists whether it's jihadist is
that it's the same behavioral math yeah
and it's the same with school shooters
or cults you know I've worked with
former Islamic state people and they'll
tell me the same stories that I hear
from white nationalists all the time and
Sophia we talk a lot about you know
hearing these important documentaries
and things but what is the real wake-up
call that you think we need to see as a
nation to start coming together you know
even within the Republic beyond parties
but just as a nation well you know a
year ago we talked about this and Willie
ask me a question Sophia what's the best
outcome in the aftermath of
Charlottesville and I told him two
things one
my hope would be that we would start
actually listening to each other and
hearing each other the second thing is
is that I think we have to acknowledge
that there are two different Americas I
think for me as an african-american
woman in the past year-plus
it's really become acute to me that I
live a very different experience as a
black woman in this country then does
someone white it doesn't matter what
class were from what education levels we
have we're living in two different
Americas and you see that narrative
playing out every day whether it's the
911 sitting at Starbucks or laying in a
dorm room at Yale or eating lunch at
Smith College or the way that we're
treated in predatory lending or the way
that police stops in the altercations
with the police it is a very different
experience and I think that what we have
to do if we're going to fix this is have
the conversation about race that we
still have yet to have as a country yes
we've had legislation
yes we've passed laws but you can't
legislate people's hearts and your
guests said something profound when the
young man said it's when I had to talk
to my enemies listen to what he said
when he had to engage those with whom he
had fear or anger or ignorance about
that's when he really understood this is
not the right way that's the way forward
for us talking and engaging and
listening and not dismissing each other
but actually hearing each other that's
well said Sophia and Christian too
Reverend Sharpton's previous point about
President Trump do when you talk to
people like Gabe you talked to other
white supremacists who willing to talk
to you and reach out to you did they
bring up President Trump do they feel
like he's given them some cover to sort
of come out from under their rocks you
know absolutely what he's doing is he's
normalizing the language that they use
behind closed doors that's a little bit
edgier a lot of year but they feel so
empowered by this because they feel like
they have a person who has their back
because he's using a more palatable
language than they use but he's speaking
the same language for somebody like me
what he's saying is not a dog whistle
it's a bull horn Sophia what do you
think
yeah I mean it breaks my heart to hear
the president United States is
responsible for this I mean you had some
great clips on the lead-in Ronald Reagan
and others no Republican president in my
lifetime has talked like this no
president has talked like this and
Donald Trump it's not a dog whistle it
is a bull horn it is a you know calling
the black players and NFL sons of Bees
and it's the language I grew up in
working-class America Italian Americans
Irish Americans we were the first black
family on our block I know what it's
like to grow up in that kind of
environment and Trump Stokes that kind
of thing with people that are already
afraid of losing their jobs losing their
wealth losing their ability to send
their kids to school and they they're
fearful and he Stokes it and this
gentleman is absolutely right and it
makes me sad because that's not what the
President of the United States of
America ought to ever do that's not his
job and yet he continues to do it this
documentary is gonna be fascinating
breaking hate airs this Sunday at 9:00
p.m. Eastern and it's here on MSNBC
Christian Pete Cellini thank you very
much for being here today
Sofia Nelson always great to have your
perspective Liz thank you very much
thank you this morning we've played for
you a moment from Ronald Reagan in 1989
discussing immigrations role in
strengthening America as we go to break
another moment from that address this I
believe is one of the most important
sources of America's greatness we lead
the world because unique among nations
we draw our people our strength from
every country and every corner of the
world and by doing so we continuously
renew and enrich our nation while other
countries cling to the stale past here
in America we breathe life into dreams
we create the future and the world
follows us into tomorrow thanks to each
wave of new arrivals to this land of
opportunity we're a nation forever young
forever bursting with energy and new
ideas and always on the cutting edge
always leading the world to the next
frontier this quality is vital to our
future as a nation if we ever closed the
door to new Americans our leadership in
the world would
soon be lost thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
