court filings show that hundreds of
migrant children still remain separated
from their parents of the 2551 separated
from their parents at the southern
border 559 still are in government
custody 386 have parents who already
have been deported and officials have
heard from 299 parents in the last week
however they don't have any information
for 26 parents and still have not filed
a plan to reunite any of the 559
remaining children with their families
meanwhile a federal judge in Washington
ordered a plane carrying a mother and
daughter to return to the US while their
deportation hearing is under way US
District Judge Emmett Sullivan recall
called the removal pretty outrageous and
threatened to hold attorney general Jeff
Sessions in contempt ACLU attorneys were
notified of the removal of the woman and
her daughter during recess and requested
that the judge delay the deportation
upon arrival in El Salvador the pair was
sent back to Texas this according to DHS
Gene Robinson this is a problem that
persists despite all the spotlight all
the media attention over the last couple
of months on this child separation they
still have hundreds of children without
their parents at the border you know is
that this is a crime this is really a
crime that has taken place if you call
it kidnapping call it whatever you want
but it is beyond outrageous that 559
children remain separated from their
parents and that the government knows
where apparently nearly 300 parents are
honest and it's spoken with them
but has no plan to reunite the children
with their parents what how can that be
how can that possibly be and I I believe
I hope that since this administration
was to behave in this way I hope other
judges perhaps the judge in San Diego's
in charge of that case acts the way
judge Sullivan did and says wait a
minute we have laws in this country
and those laws are going to be enforced
and I'm gonna start holding people in in
contempt of court and criminal contempt
of court which is where they are that's
being that the situation now this is
just outrageous and I guess case by case
there's legal recourse when we know of a
case Susan but to put this in pretty
plain terms it appears our government
has gone rogue with hundreds of children
kidnapped them is currently abusing them
and in this case decided to deport one
and remove the child in the middle of a
hearing
it doesn't feel this doesn't feel normal
and this feels illegal and definitely an
American it absolutely is mica and on
top of that we we see that this
administration was not even close to
being prepared for for what they wanted
to even do which is why we're in this
disaster that we have I wish that the
first lady would take her parents there
there knew her new parent that her
parents are newly citizens down to the
border and see what's happening to those
children now that's something that maybe
that they could relate to seeing how
hard it is and the struggle that people
have coming into this country and don't
forget a lot of these were trying to
come in Legally these weren't just all
people trying to come in illegally but
this is not America this is not how we
treat people anywhere nonetheless a tall
order john following up on what susan
just said I mean the Trump
administration wasn't close to being
prepared to for the further
ramifications of this policy they were
warned about it by HHS officials saying
that it would have a devastating effect
on children and we've seen now that
they're so desperate to try to clean
things up that they've now told the ACLU
hey you guys be in charge of it you
handle it but I will say yesterday is
another good example of how the ACLU has
stepped up in this in this disaster and
has done remarkable work and continue to
do remarkable work day in
and day-out not not for the benefit of
liberals for the benefit of children and
for the benefit of America's reputation
across the globe yeah I think it's worth
saying linking all this together this
morning you've said kind things about
two very different American institutions
one is Ronald Reagan and the other is
the ACLU rarely do the twain get-get-get
linked together and and pointed out as
working in alliance but that's what the
country at its best and this may sound
sentimental but the hell with it because
it's actually true that the country at
its best is this combination of forces
that may or may not like each other that
may or may not work together in the
morning but will in the afternoon and
that's the nature of compromise the ACLU
really grew out of the Red Scare of the
19-teens we just heard that this isn't
America unfortunately this is America we
shouldn't blink we shouldn't shy away
from the darker aspects of our past
whether it's fighting a civil war over
slavery or Woodrow Wilson re-segregating
the federal government and curbing civil
liberties during the First World War all
the way through FDR and Japanese
internment one of Ronald Reagan's first
political speeches in a way came in a
ceremony to honor the japanese-american
soldiers who despite internment had gone
and fought so heroically for the Allied
cause he went with Joseph Stilwell to
Southern California to present a medal
to a family of a soldier who had died
and ultimately President Reagan 40 years
later would be the president who
apologized for that great national sin
so this is not celebratory but it is a
sign that I think fair-minded people
will look at the panoply of human
experience and say this side gets it
right here this side gets it right there
and that's what the country is supposed
to be we're not supposed to deem
either out of somehow out of the public
square we have to be in this together we
do and and Donny how fascinating it is
that over this first half hour today
while we we look at the abuses of this
administration and comments that
certainly sound like calls for white
supremacy look at the the vast array of
voices that have pushed back even with
Reagan beyond the grave at that sort of
backward thinking you've Ronald Reagan
to the ACLU the guy Benson to a federal
judge actually saying turn that plane
around and get them back in the United
States of America we still have due
process in America whether whether
Donald Trump believes in it or not yeah
I it's so there is so for all the
negative there's a hell of a lot of good
out there to see to good conservatives
liberals independents pushing back at
these abuses yeah Jo it's interesting I
bet you get some of the same thing
you've said on this show a lot and I've
tried said also that despite how
terrifying things are right now our
system holds and even with that guy in
the White House these checks and
balances do work and it's just why the
founding fathers were so brilliant you
know what's gonna really be the tell is
in November and if anything if there's
any Harbinger based on what happened the
other day if that said Mikey Allen
brought up a brilliant point leading
into the show that if that same math
that the same swing that happened at
Ohio and that one district happens
across the country they'll pick up will
pick up forty three seats so I think the
American people will speak I want to
just go back to the Reagan thing which
and I said this to Willie and it would
be interesting if you put up a clip of W
of his father of Obama of Clinton of the
last presidents the tone that the calm
when you listen to Ronald Reagan's speak
versus the complete opt is the first
present in our lifetime when he comes on
the air as opposed to the calm or on
chief the calmer in chief is the anger
in chief is the you just nerves you
every time he speaks and just listening
to Reagan beyond the words which were so
heartwarming and in reaffirming his
overall tone understanding that job in
that office is every time you get up
there is to somehow put your arms and
bring 300 million people together versus
every time Trump caps out there beyond
his words his the visceral quality the
tone of what she speaks pulls us apart
and it's a sad comforting look back that
reminds us of how we live today we these
almost easy to forget it hasn't has been
that way you have to go back that long
to see it Joe I just want to underline
one thing about the family separation
which is that the entire rationale for
this and we've heard of publicly from
the president the Attorney General of
people out of the White House was that
this would be a deterrent to people
coming to this country illegal that we'd
have fewer people coming they would see
they might be separated from their
children Jeff Sessions said that out
loud well this week we got the numbers
in about family members arrested at the
border the difference is marginal at
best along the border last month in July
9250 eight family members were arrested
that was down from 9,000 434 in June so
by about a hundred and fifty people in
other words this plan that separated
families and caused all this stir that
was supposed to be a deterrent has not
been a deterrent it's all a sham
everything is a sham that Donald Trump
has been saying about immigration and
we've talked about it Willie haven't we
for a year year and a half that actually
actually threw out Donald Trump's
campaign that the this invading the
horde of illegal immigrants to America
yeah that requires the building of a
wall that requires family separation
that requires all of these harsh
measures yeah in fact we've proven to be
lies by the statistics now of Donald
Trump's own government
right and and before of the federal
government that showed that there was
actually a negative net immigration
pattern from Mexico more people going
back to Mexico then coming into the
United States mica yeah well Donald
Trump was running for president of the
United States it was all I can't say
this enough to my friends and family
members who are Trump supporters yeah if
you look at Donald Trump's own
government websites and look at the
trends through the years everything he
told you about this invasion of illegal
immigrants in 2016 was a lie more people
going back to Mexico than coming into
America and myka this morning still yeah
you have young children ripped from
their parents also Donald Trump can make
a cheap political point I can where is
Ivanka as you always say no why isn't
she doing something to fix this where is
Melania who yesterday had her
comfortable parents used chain migration
to come to this country while little
children while infants while toddlers
are still separated from their families
on the border I don't get it well and
also the media needs to step up and I
understand you know our colleagues over
at Fox News there are shows in the
evening that exists with opinion of
course but where are the guardrails when
you talk about data that is clear you
know about the numbers I mean these
Laura Ingraham and her white supremacy
speech I I'm still at a loss as to how
that made it to air at some point there
have to be carved rails where's the
management here these are hosts with a
direct line to the president we know
about that because Trump tried to do
that with us and as soon as we started
saying no to things that were clearly
wrong racist bigot racism bigotry
whatever else and he couldn't get us to
sort of pair it exactly what he wanted
us to say
found that his strategy with us didn't
work his just gets angry at us on
Twitter now but he doesn't talk to us
because we don't actually mimic what he
says but these hosts do they do and and
that you know if they have weak
character and they can look in the
mirror that's their problem but where's
management who heads up Fox News who can
allow this to happen and say that we're
a news network again what we're talking
about it's one thing if you have
different views on immigration policy
it's complicated if you have a different
view on abortion on same-sex marriage
but when you have a speech that is just
it lines up directly with what what
white supremacists say I do think at
that point Micah's question is a fair
question to ask where is management who
approved a white supremacist speech to
go on the air yesterday on Fox News in
primetime
who's approving that what does Rupert
Murdoch think what do his sons think
what do his family think do they think
that is America they're there in this
country from from outside of America do
they think that what she said last night
was okay do they think our Wednesday
night do they think that throwing the
dog whistles out and instead just
appealing directly to white supremacists
is where they want that network to get a
business model that's it you know what
that is that is as Jon Meacham says that
maybe a good starter for a night or two
it's a terrible finisher and I can't
believe that the management there the
Murdochs and the people that owned News
Corp are happy that white supremacist
speeches are being given in primetime
our siren to Fox Management if your
hosts are so desperate to be close to
the president so desperate to be close
to power that they
can't ask questions and they can't use
their brains and know between right and
wrong what do you have exactly in your
programming that's a question we're
asking Joe I also check why this family
separation crisis may not be something
Democrats will be able to capitalize on
to retake the house this November
Axios cofounder mike allen will explain
the messaging problems that both parties
are having with typical go-to issues
those details are next morning Donny
Deutsch will finish his sentence
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
