I keep thinking about what is our time
going to be remembered for what is this
the age of and listening to the program
today these themes this is going to be
the age of corruption and cruelty that
got our attention today corruption and
cruelty that's the conservative author
and radio talk-show host Charlie Sykes a
friend of this broadcast coming up with
those two words that again he predicts
will define this administration and this
era at a point where we're able to look
at it in the rearview mirror one
illustration of this era was posted on
Twitter by Aaron Blake senior political
reporter over at the Washington Post he
wrote the following quote list of people
charged with and pleading to crimes
Trump's second campaign manager Trump's
deputy campaign manager Trump's national
security adviser Trump's foreign policy
adviser Trump's first campaign manager
battery charges later dropped Trump's
first congressional endorser for all of
it let's bring in Walter Isaacson into
our conversation distinguished fellow
with the Aspen Institute if you ask me
he's a distinguished fellow of any kind
former editor of Time magazine veteran
journalist author biographer of among
others franklin einstein kissinger jobs
and davinci also in his spare time
professor of history at Tulane welcome
back to our studio thank you what do you
make of those two words his choice of
those two words corruption and cruelty
they're very simple words they're very
true and they go to the heart of what's
going to be a problem for this
administration because it is a lot of
corruption just people at the trough for
money as simple corruptions and it gets
you know with congressman the sleazy
congressman in the White House lawn
making phone calls to dump stock when he
had insider information and getting his
son to do it then you have the cruelty
we're not a country that is
intentionally cruel to people and
finally I'd add a third one which is
just character what country that really
does care about character and we have a
lot of people just lying to us our
friend Steve Schmidt calls it a lack of
rigor he sees this as a lack
of standards a lack of rigor in all
tiers of the Trump operation you know
when you set out to destroy norms gnomes
get destroyed
we have norms in our society which is
you know you you don't ya sit of the
trough trying to take money and being
greedy and being corrupt that's why
people voted for Trump at first they
thought he was gonna drain the swamp
the Clintons got in trouble because they
seem greedy and there was a taint of
corruption to the Clinton Foundation so
a lot of people voted against her vote
of a trump and you have him now and his
whole administration his family trying
to make money off of the presidency and
then you have that unnecessary bullying
and cruelty and here's what I think I
think it'll get to the heart of the
problem
because Americans deep down inside and
not cruel people know you know we're not
corrupt people and we try to at least
feel we have some character and so I
think most Americans you know certainly
most Republicans aren't cruel they
aren't corrupt and yet they're watching
this happen and you're starting to see
the support seep away I think we're very
proud of calling ourselves the most
generous nation on earth in fact 44
years ago today Richard Nixon lifted off
the South Lawn for the latter to come
off yeah yep and Gerald Ford talked
about our long national nightmare do you
see do you entertain any echoes of
anything Nick Sounion in what we're
witnessing now as a historian yourself
oh absolutely I mean history never
repeats itself but as you know Twain
said it rhymes or perhaps you can say
that goes the corruption now is somewhat
different it's sort of money-grubbing
greedy corruption to make money
emollients as they call it you know
people making it out there office but
you see the same type of cover-up in the
same type of well frankly lying and when
somebody who's press the United States
says things that aren't true that should
still a nervous a bit and Trump
much different from Nixon he kind of
does it in public which is try to
obstruct justice but it's still very
unnerving that you're breaking down the
rule of law especially when Republicans
had always been strong about the rule of
law always been strong against
corruption always you know been you know
strong on character which is the most
important issue when we select our
leaders do you think the the the in 30
seconds or less seeing this stuff in
plain sight is harder for us to discern
in the public realm when the president
tweets something that he couldn't
possibly have meant that well of course
he does you know that's a really good
point that's hiding in plain sight you
know it's a cover-up that's not a secret
cover-up it's being done in plain sight
and it's weird how our own immune system
to this type of thing gets a little bit
jangled when people do it in plain sight
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
