story that's been a little bit lost
later half of the week votes are still
being counted tonight in a couple of
those Tuesday elections Trump endorsed
candidate Chris Kovac lost half of his
already narrow lead today in that Kansas
GOP gubernatorial primary Washington
Post reports that according to a vote
tallying error Kobach's lead over the
incumbent governor Jeff Colyer is now
just 91 votes Collier is refusing to
concede the race Kovac has acknowledged
the results could change but says he
intends to start campaigning immediately
for November as if he won reminder he
happens to be Secretary of State of the
state of Kansas that means his office
would oversee any possible recount and
tonight on television Kovac said he'd be
happy to recuse himself in that event
though he reminded all of us recounts
our county by county affairs you may
recall he led president Trump's now
disbanded Commission on election fraud
we are also still following that special
election the Ohio 12th congressional
district that race remains too close to
call if you were with us that night
watching Steve Korn Aki's coverage you
understand how that could be the
republican troy ball derson is leading
by less than one percentage point and
after Republican New York congressman
Chris Collins was arrested on insider
trading charges yesterday now New York's
27th congressional district could be up
for grabs big area of real estate
upstate Collins who pleaded not guilty
says he'll be saying in that seat and
Hills his name will be on the ballot
come November so it's a lot to talk
about and with us to do that michael
steele former chairman of the republican
national committee that's why he's
smiling i said former and shannon a
petty peace White House correspondent
for Bloomberg Michael I'm coming right
at you if you had your old job other
than looking for a new job if you had
your old job as a party chairman how
worried would you be tonight
this exactly it would be like that you
know I would be very concerned at this
stage I mean we are coming out of the
summer you know doldrums if you will
where folks don't pay attention to
politics and it's it's a little bit of a
wasteland even though you've got
primaries and all that going on the fact
of the matter is from a party
perspective in terms of setting up the
November campaign you want the kind of
momentum that is going to energize your
base get those dollars flowing and and
really put in place the messaging that
you want to bring it home right so that
connects all those pieces it's I call it
the messenger the message and the money
and that combination is one that works
to empower the base to go out and
deliver that vote Shannon this is the
case that I was gonna say in this case
the fact that you have a red district
like this that is that close that the
president won by 11 points in 2016 is a
real problem it will impact the money it
will impact the message and it certainly
will impact the messengers around the
country who have to make that delivery
and forgive me Michael Shannon pick up
right up on what Michael just said
you've got this barn burner of a race in
Ohio that should be done and dusted safe
Republican district right into that we
go into the arrest of Collins 27th
District of New York it can't look good
tell us about the folks you've been
talking to well I mean within the White
House and within the president Trump's
outer circle they are certainly aware
that this does not look good
it is no shock to anyone that the Ohio
12th district as Michael was explaining
if that is up for play well there's
about 70 other House seats that are up
for play too and the Democrats only need
23 and it is certainly not lost on the
president or anyone in his inner circle
of what a democratic controlled house
means to them
it means investigations and everything
from Russia to the emoluments clause it
means the risk of impeachment which his
lawyer
Rudy Giuliani raised today with me the
fact that if there is something referred
to Muller in this Democratic house that
probably means impeachment so the
president is very aware of this but what
they're going to do I think it's still a
question because there is still a debate
about whether or not the president is
the greatest tool in the Republicans
toolbox or the Oh their worst enemy
Michael as bumper stickers go if you had
to design the GOP bumper sticker to be
used universally around the country in
all 435 districts that for the midterms
what would your terse message be to the
voters who me you're on fire tonight
that would be it because that sums up
the state of the party right now a party
that has not really defined its
relationship with the American people it
is clearly defined and continues to find
its relationship with the President and
that is the problem this has got to be
about how the American people view now
look you don't have to go back that far
in history Brian to understand what this
election looks like it looks like 2006
in many respects it's got elements of
2008 to it it's got all of these these
pieces from the past where the where the
party has dropped the ball where it is
not clearly defined itself with the
American people or is to find herself in
a way that the American people summarily
reject I said in 2006 running for the
United States Senate that it was like
running with a scarlet letter R on your
chest and and it was and we took a big
drubbing that scarlet letter R is back
on our chest and like the American flag
at a time of crisis it's upside down
yeah what you said back then might have
been 12 years before its time so Shannon
from the Jersey Shore to Northern
California you're gonna have all these
Republicans on all these ballots are
they all kind of ad-libbing their
association with the guy at the top of
the ticket for Republicans with being a
part of the Trump era GOP well I mean
they're really in a difficult situation
because
they need that Trump base as a
Republican you need that Trump base to
turnout but but that's not going to be
enough to get you to beat the Democrat
on the ticket you also need to get
moderates and independents as well so I
mean that's what everybody across the
country is struggling with and I mean to
this point Michael was just making about
2006 it is that's I hear a number of
people referencing that and with this
indictment of Chris Collins it again
looks more like 2006 because if you
remember then there is this wave of
scandal seats that opened up that people
were able to move into and there's a
sense that there's going to be more of
these scandals bubbling and now this
party is not just associated with Trump
but their people's questions or this
taint in their mind about corruptions or
concerns about you know really what's
going on in the Republican Party hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
