well it wasn't always this way political
parties in Congress did not spend their
every waking moment in lockstep with the
president of their own political party
there has always been significant
dissent in Congress within the party of
the current president until now and last
night we heard how Republicans speak
privately about what they need to do to
protect their president the Rachel
Maddow Show obtained secret audio
recordings of congressman Devin Nunez at
a Republican fundraiser for
congresswoman cathy McMorris Rodgers and
they both made it very clear that they
do not care what high crimes and
misdemeanors Robert Muller might
discover the president committed if any
they are going to protect the president
no matter what they believe that is
their only job in dealing with the
investigation of this president first of
all try to stop the investigation
secondly if they cannot stop the
investigation make sure nothing happens
to the president as a result of that
investigation and in order to do that
they need to win the congressional
elections in November and preserve their
majority and here is the way
Devin Nunez said that on that secretly
recorded audio
were the only ones the only ones who can
save the president the reason a special
prosecutor was appointed to investigate
President Bill Clinton was not that
Republicans demanded it or that some
newspaper editorials and some colonists
demanded it Bill Clinton and his
Attorney General Janet Reno would have
resisted those demands from Republicans
a special prosecutor was appointed
because Democrats demanded it enough
Democrats in the house and the Senate
including Liberal Democrats and moderate
Democrats agreed that there should be a
special prosecutor to investigate Bill
and Hillary Clinton's financial dealings
while he was governor of Arkansas and
eventually Bill Clinton agreed and
President Clinton asked his attorney
General Janet Reno to appoint a special
prosecutor to investigate him that is
how we got the last special prosecutor
to investigate a Democratic president
when Richard Nixon was being
investigated by a special prosecutor and
by Congress it was a bipartisan
investigation in Congress and although
most Republicans tried to look at the
mounting evidence against President
Nixon as favorably as possible to
President Nixon none of them ever tried
to say anything like this just remember
what you're seeing and what you're
reading is not what's happening
Republicans did not try to deny reality
during the investigation of Richard
Nixon and eventually it was a group of
Republican senators who went to the
White House to tell President Nixon to
his face that he should resign
immediately because the House of
Representatives would definitely vote to
impeach him based on the latest evidence
and the United States Senate
would easily reach a two-thirds majority
vote to convict and remove President
Nixon from office in an impeachment
trial and so on this very day 44 years
ago President Nixon climbed into the
helicopter on the White House lawn and
waved goodbye to the White House staff
for the final time Richard Nixon was
able to win the presidency in 1968
because the Democratic Party broke into
open revolt
in the United States Senate and the
House of Representatives against their
democratic President Lyndon Johnson who
was so shocked and politically crippled
when his re-election was challenged in
Democratic primaries first by senator
Eugene McCarthy and then by Senator
Robert Kennedy that Lyndon Johnson
surrendered to the insurrection in his
party and announced he would not run for
re-election Democrat Lyndon Johnson gave
up his own campaign for re-election to
the presidency because of dissent with
his within his own party over the
Vietnam War and so no it wasn't always
this way there there was no
democratically controlled Congress or
republican-controlled Congress in which
there was absolutely no dissent no
resistance to the president of the same
party that control controlled that
Congress not until now what we are
seeing with devin Nunez and Catherine
Morris Rogers and every Republican in
cot in the House and the Senate who is
running for re-election is a total and
complete violation of their oath of
office to defend the Constitution of the
United States against all enemies
foreign and domestic
instead they behave and they speak as if
they have taken an oath to defend Donald
Trump even if he is proven to be an
enemy of the Constitution were the only
ones that's what you heard Devon Nunez
say it
sessions won't unruhe Q's and Muller
won't clear the president were the only
ones so what they're saying there is if
the Attorney General of the United
States abides by his oath to defend the
Constitution and if the special
prosecutor Robert Muller abides by his
oath to defend the Constitution then it
will be up to them
the Republican members of Congress to
defend Donald Trump against the
defenders of the Constitution 44 years
ago today Richard Nixon left the White
House for the last time because there
was no Devon newness in the House of
Representatives telling all the other
Republicans we're the only ones who can
save their president it wasn't always
this way if the Republicans who served
in the House of Representatives in the
end in the United States Senate when
Richard Nixon was president were still
serving today we would not have to fear
the that we are living with a Congress
that refuses to defend the Constitution
against all enemies foreign and domestic
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
