we could report the feds are moving
forward on two fronts the first is in
the michael cohen case in new york and
the other is based on new information
we've obtained here on the beat from the
muller probe itself and i'm about to
report it for the first time we begin
with what appears bigger the michael
cohen case the feds now as of this hour
have access to everything that they can
legally use that they seized in the
now-famous FBI raid on michael cohen
back in april this is important because
as you may have heard for months there
has been a process where an independent
lawyer reviews all of the material the
documents the files the famous tapes and
figures out what's off-limits tonight
for the first time that review is done
we can tell you that and it means the
feds can use everything that they have
that hasn't been declared privileged
through that process this brings them
much closer to what they do next if they
find a bunch of material that for
example could clear michael cohen
well they would go forward in that
direction that's not what legal experts
suspect even michael cohen has talked
about cooperation which implicates this
material and suggests that now that this
process is over that they move forward
with what they found in the raid that
michael cohen could alternatively face
potential charges based on that evidence
so that's number one
we bring that to you as the first news
the other breaking news I can report
exclusively which is that we've learned
Special Counsel Bob Muller has informed
radio host and political activist Randy
credito who's known for his past history
and relationship with both Roger stone
and Julian Assange Muller has indicated
that his office does intend to subpoena
him to force an interview we here at the
beat confirmed this from a direct source
with knowledge of the special counsels
outreach to Randy credit COEs attorney
that is brand new if you watch this show
and are reporting some of this may be
familiar because critical was on this
show last night and he explained the
lead up to all this he said publicly for
the first time that he declined a
request to participate in a voluntary
interview that was made as a request
when federal agents working for Muller
approached him in New York has Bob
Muller called you in to testify he did
they actually didn't call me in they
actually showed up and they asked me to
come and
do a personal voluntary interview which
they who is they that showed somebody
from his investigation they asked my
lawyer if I would like to go down into a
voluntary interview and he said no you
know I didn't get a subpoena they asked
me for a voluntary interview that was
the news last night the news right now
is that Muller according to our
reporting has now since the interview
err who reached out and said they do
intend to subpoena mr. cretak oh they
want to talk to him now we don't know
for a fact what they intend to talk to
him about but we have a pretty good idea
of how he fits into this case number one
credit go is involved in an area of
investigative interest because of his
repeated contact publicly with Julian
Assange and then number two something we
also discussed in our interview credito
has a longtime political history with
Roger stone again that doesn't mean
we've confirmed the topics or the
interview in Muller's office doesn't
release that in advance but we do have
new information about a new person that
they want to subpoena for an interview
with that I turn to our guest tonight
Christina Greer professor at Fordham
University and we're joined by two
former federal prosecutors John Flannery
and Glenn Kirchner John starting with
you what does it tell you that as it's
so often the case in Trump land the
lawyers are on TV and the lawyers were
discussing their deliberations with each
other on one of their radio shows last
night this witness who's got ties as
I've reported Randi Creta Co discussed
his history in the probe and after that
interview aired we learned tonight we're
reporting it here exclusively for the
first time that the office reached out
after the interview and does want to
subpoena him well I think Rudy's run out
of tricks and it's pretty bad when they
have to be in an echo chamber in which
the two of them who are lawyers
representing Trump have to speak to each
other as if they're having a distant
organization conversation attacking
Muller and saying what he's doing is
wrong by Rudy Giuliani is really
upside-down Giuliani was the jenga's con
of prosecutors and now Muller who is a
by-the-book prosecutor who doesn't
reveal what he's doing except in
indictments and
and trials he's being criticized by Rudy
I think that they're desperate let me
direct you out also what do you think
molar wants to subpoena Randi credit go
he sent these agents to New York now he
wants to subpoena him why why is that of
interest I think he's trying to close a
circle around Roger stone anything he
can have and since credit go had access
as you noted both to Assange and to
Roger stone that's an obvious line of
questioning I think and he wants to see
what he has and I think that he probably
will get something because the the
arrogance of these participants is
amazing what they say to each other that
inculpates them and links what one did
with the other so it also suggests that
Roger stone is perhaps in the batter's
box with maybe Trump jr. and several
other people well you're using a fancy
word as you often do inculpate being a
fancy word for makes them look really
suspicious and guilty Glenn on the same
point let me play for you the way that
mr. credit go publicly tried as so many
witnesses have have done lately tried to
limit his exposure to other people who
could figure in as subjects or targets
this was last night on the subject of
mr. Roger stone take a look and you're
in there as an associate and I'm not I'm
not implying anything negative about you
but as a known associate of Roger stone
and Julian associate of stone I know
stone what word would you use I would
say someone that has worked with stone
before but not an associate of former
colleague no I've worked on a campaign
or two with Roger stone and the former
camp no eighteen years I've known me
okay
I mean it sounds like you're going up
from associate not down Glen so Ari let
me say something that you might not hear
a lot of people say but this is probably
a good thing for Randy credit Co that
he's been subpoenaed why do I say that
because if he were a target of the
investigation it's very unlikely that
Bob mother would subpoena him because
there's a Department of Justice policy
that says we I was a prosecutor for
thirty years
we don't subpoena targets of the
investigation why because they have a
Fifth Amendment right against
self-incrimination so we don't hand them
a subpoena which is
court order forced them to testify
before the grand jury and incriminate
themselves so what we do though as
prosecutors is we invite targets in for
voluntary interviews because they're not
compelled to appear so they're they they
are not we're not placing their Fifth
Amendment right against
self-incrimination in jeopardy so I
think in a strange way
Randee critical make count himself lucky
that he's been subpoenaed
Johnson disagrees so much that he could
barely listen to your answer I got to
get around the horn so Jon briefly your
rebuttal
well my rebuttal briefly is all you have
to do is tell them that their target and
therefore they have sufficient
information to indict the person and
once they know that they still can
decide to go in or not and the Fifth
Amendment is not limited to targets
anybody including mr. Trump instead of
this dance he's going through you could
say I'm going to take the fifth he just
doesn't take it for political reasons so
if a person said is known to be a target
and he's told he's a target that's the
end of the obligation at justice and
these interviews are mistake in my
opinion but that's the Southern District
of New York method or it was when I was
there well I'm gonna let Glen get back
in a minute but Christina I want to play
Roger Stone who according to Glenn's
analysis would look to be in a more
difficult spot because unlike what we're
reporting tonight about credit Co
according to stone and his lawyers he
has not been asked for an interview
which makes it look more like he could
be a target and he is pushing back here
he wasn't an interview last night I'm
also mindful of any prosecutors ability
to squeeze underlings to get them to
compose testimony against a bigger fish
I have not been contacted by the special
counsels office I've made it abundantly
clear that there's no circumstances
under which I would testify against the
president I would not rule out
cooperating if they think I could be
helpful so this is not the president's
first rodeo when it comes to lawyers and
depositions and it's clearly not Roger
stones either but this one feels
different and you can tell that they're
sensing that something is off
right as long as Rudy Giuliani was in
the Southern District and he prosecuted
lots of mobsters we're not dealing with
mobster
per say we're not dealing with real
estate agents and queens what the
president is going to try to do is make
himself the hero and the victim are you
doing Northy we're not in Queens anymore
we have not included anymore okay so
we're in the big leagues and this is
something that the president under
doesn't understand so as he's been a
grifter and a snake oil salesman for his
entire career he's realizing that this
may this last con this last grift may
have been a bridge too far
and so Muller has been systematic
methodical and as our previous guests
have said you know he's being very
strategic we've seen also in the several
in the past few years oftentimes the way
to get to the biggest fish is to go
through their son as well we're seeing
it with Collins we've seen it with
Shelley silver in New York we've seen it
several times and so I think the
president as much as he's trying to win
in the court of public opinion and he
has a solid base and obviously this is
great red meat to say look at these
Democrats with these liberals we're sort
of going after me for something that you
know is intangible and you know we
haven't done anything wrong or maybe if
we did it's not that big of a deal right
the the goalpost keeps changing it's
highly problematic because you're seeing
the president get a little more nervous
obviously these six am tweets these
midnight tweets the fact that this
witch-hunt keeps coming up in his you
know his desperation pretty soon and so
I think what a lot of Americans fear is
that in his efforts to self preserve
himself he might engage us in certain
international affairs that would harm
the entire nation and/or world well and
that goes to the stress and Glen general
McCaffrey is joining us later tonight he
says he doesn't think Donald Trump has
ever operated under this level of stress
and that can account for things that are
actually quite scary at the kristina's
point The Associated Press and other
publications have talked about the
concern about Don junior Trump watching
the courtroom proceedings and fearing
the Donald Trump jr. could at some point
be the one on trial and Glen only Donald
Trump in to some extent perhaps his
closest family members know what they
did and whether that's a trial that
would end in exoneration or something
else yeah re I read the New York Times
article today with great interest and it
does seem like the the insiders are
reporting that that the president is
really stewing and steaming and very
concerned about the exposure that Don Jr
might have and listen nobody's going to
make light of that because you know as
parents we can understand that we are
concerned for our children and we want
the best for them I do think that the
president however may also find himself
someday as a co-defendant with his son
at defense counsel table now I don't
know if Bob Muller will think that would
be before or after the term of his
presidency well Ari I don't know that
Bob Muller will take the narrow path to
indict a president that I think is
arguably available he would have to seek
an exception to the OLC memos that sets
out as a policy matter that the
Department of Justice doesn't believe a
sitting president can you know saying
something significant and you're saying
it as a legal matter and I take I take
your analysis to be not that you don't
like Donald Trump or you disagree with
his policies but as a very seasoned
federal prosecutor you believe there is
potential joint legal criminal exposure
for him and his son I do and a pathway
to get there
even while he's sitting but Bob Muller
might not want to go near that third
rail instead he might split the baby he
might return in co-conspirator
indictments against the others for whom
he has found sufficient and evidence of
criminality and maybe just author a
report to Congress about his findings
concerning any potential criminal
conduct by the President or as we've all
seen done before albeit back in 1974 he
could also include the president in a
conspiracy indictment as an unindicted
co-conspirator let me get a John and
take a quick listen John to Rudy
Giuliani's argument that you don't need
an interview if you already know the
answers here right he knows the answers
to every question that he wants to ask
he's gonna ask him did you tell call me
to go easy on Flynt the president say no
I didn't hey Bob you know it why do you
want to get him under oath you think
we're fools do you want to get him on
the hook cause you want to trap him into
perjury but we're not gonna let you do
that John you know this is an old
Southern argument they call it a kind of
a Trap House argument for perjury
trapping the president yeah there's a
big flaw there which is he's saying he's
in a way admitting that what Trump's
going to say is a lie he's saying that
if he
says oh I didn't tell him that putting
him at conflict under oath as opposed to
talking to the media that that would be
perjury well so why shouldn't he be
prosecuted for perjury it's not a trap
and the same thing why don't we ask him
he put his own son at risk by telling
that story that he wrote about oh they
were just talking about adoption he's
put his son at risk by telling that lie
perhaps convincing his son to do it so I
have crocodile tears for how he cares
about his son if he cared about his son
II would never put him in that position
in the first place crocodile tears in
the treehouse
we have Christina keep it keep it
together please as a serious news
program let's listen I mean we also know
that this is a man who's a pathological
liar right we know that he lies about
the number of floors on his apartments
we know that he lies about how how much
he's spent to build you know said
building he lies about how many tenants
he has I mean this is someone who should
never be under oath right and we've seen
sort of snippets of his depositions
where he can't answer questions because
he doesn't have as classes or he hasn't
read it or he's just flipping through
pages and he's stalled which suggests he
knows how much he's lying
because he gets careful when he's under
heat up hey I'm already Melvin from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
