because in some parts of the country it
does seem like the America that we know
and love doesn't exist anymore massive
demographic changes have been foisted
upon the American people and their
changes that none of us have were voted
for and most of us don't like from
Virginia to California we see stark
examples of how radically in some ways
the country has changed now much of this
is related to both illegal and in some
cases legal immigration that of course
progressives love their dog whistles and
then there are blow horns which you just
heard was the thesis of Laura Ingram's
lead story last night a segment called
the left's effort to remake America and
guess who enjoyed it a lot David Duke
the former leader of the KKK he tweeted
and then deleted this but we found it
one of the most important truthful
monologues of the history of the
mainstream media so we still call them
that here now is Charlie Sykes a
contributing editor for the Weekly
Standard and joining us at the table
Zerlina Maxwell director of progressive
programming at Sirius XM both MSNBC
political analyst I have to start with
you Charlie Sykes who's gonna call the
whistle blow the whistle call balls and
strikes at a network that that that even
while it had its sort of over the top
commentators and opinion shows never
served as a platform for the ideology of
David Duke in such a blatant flagrant
proud way well that's right I mean you
know we've heard this before there's you
know this is this is basically the kind
of nativism the well okay but but this
is also the essence of trumpism I mean
she's articulated what Donald Trump is
talking about what he talked about when
he came down that escalator she's
amazing well exactly and you know look
this has been a recessive gene on the
right for many years but you and I
remember that you know what what the way
the people like Ronald Reagan and the
bushes and John McCain thought about
this country understood that America is
not about demography it is about a
he is we are a country founded on the
idea that all men are created equal and
yet this this tradition is now being
rejected man laura ingraham I think put
it in the rawest terms but let's be
honest about it
she is articulating the dominant
ideology of this administration Shirley
says you know it needs to happen a
Republican with a body part I won't say
should find a body part I will say a
spine and calling all Republicans to
boycott Laura Ingram's program until she
apologizes for articulating and
embracing a racist ideology like
disparaging legal immigration that is a
bridge I have never heard championed by
Republicans never John McCain is a
Canada attacked one of his own
supporters for calling Barack Obama a
Muslim George W I mean again I agree
it's a recessive gene in the Republican
Party but the Republican Party's good
leaders the ones that won elections they
celebrated legal immigrants and illegal
immigrants who came to this kind of the
GOP primary for saying illegal
immigration was an act of love now
you've got one of the prime hosts at
another Network articulating something
cheered on by David Duke what's
happening well what's happened over the
last several years I mean compare what
Ronald Reagan said in his you know
shining city on a hill speech his vision
of America to what we're having right
now but again you know you know this has
been happening over there for some time
you know tucker carlson has been
engaging in this this kind of nativist
rhetoric and again the President of the
United States it's not just Steve Bannon
look this is one of the animating ideas
now that we have to take America back
from people who have like distorted what
we were what the the country that we
were back in the 1950s and yes
Republicans need to push back on it it's
early it's such I don't I don't I don't
know when Tucker Carlson's honor what he
does but I know Laura Ingraham to be
very close to the president and so to
see someone
Serleena who is in contact with this
White House who champions who she had
the president's son on yesterday she is
as close as I would argue shut someone
like Sean Hannity is Serleena what does
it say to see a Republicans I I imagine
tonight show of a full rundown of
Republicans as guests well
it means the Republican Party at least
right now racism is perfectly fine and
I've said did anyone disavow that today
or how to do no but they're not going to
because one of the things that happened
in 2016 is racism was normalized it was
seen as something that people could be
in public and it was perfectly
acceptable in polite company to express
racist feasel or what was traditionally
thought of as racist views and you can
still be accepted in polite society and
I think that you know Hillary Clinton
talked specifically about when she
Benton was hired that it was you know it
wasn't the alt-right we're talking about
white nationalism we're not you know
don't don't rebrand it as something that
sounds softer talk about it as racism
and I appreciate that you say no it's
racism you know I you know I understand
what Charlie's saying in terms of
calling in nativism and we always try to
you know be measured when calling things
racist but this is the moment where we
need to do it because it couldn't be
more clear she is basically saying we
want a country that is white it used to
be white and the demographic shifts that
are happening in this country to make it
a more brown country is something that
makes people who watch laura ingraham
very uncomfortable and there's a there's
a meme on the internet that says when
you're used to privilege equality feels
like oppression and I think that the
grievance is that working white
working-class or at least what we like
to call the white working-class because
working classes black people live evil
people all people of all colors you know
the grievances that they're feeling it
has to do with the fact that they have
to compete with women and and people of
color for positions and economic
advancement and that feels like
oppression when it shouldn't I remember
watching the right celebrate hillbilly
elegy and not to take anything away from
hillbilly elegy but I read it I read it
twice and I thought this is a book about
white pain mercy any of these people
showcase all the volumes of books about
african-american pain it was one book
beautifully written by a very compelling
guy I'm sure he'll end up in politics or
really really rich in Silicon Valley and
again nothing against it was a wonderful
book but it was celebrated by a lot of
hosts on Fox News because it was just
this very oh wow you know it was really
an articulation of white pain this seems
to be the the extension of that the
extension
the grievance the grievances and this
this strain as as Charlie said this
recessive gene but to add legal
immigration to it is new and I wonder if
you sometimes Fox News puts up a travel
in for the present is this the White
House's new language that they are now
and I know Stephen Miller trotted out
some restriction go what are they going
on immigration there should we be scared
you just made the point is that the
Stephen Miller has been talking
privately you know it started to float
some ideas along these lines and this
white pain that you mentioned is
certainly one that was a staple of the
audience's we'd see the Trump rallies
throughout 2016 I'd also like to point
out that like David Duke keeps making
interesting cameos during the Trump era
we had the moment during the campaign
where Trump sort of didn't disavow him
right away we have this and some also
remember a year ago almost exactly here
ago charlottesville David Duke saluted
what Donald Trump said about their being
on both sides and I just think here we
are twelve months later the anniversary
is this weekend how little this
administration and then by extension
we're seeing the hosts on Fox News
released this one have done very little
to sort of address that and in the
feelings that so much this country have
about what President Trump how he
responded to that moment by blaming both
sides and there's been very little
effort there for any sort of outreach
any sort of trying to suggest like this
is a country we should try to bring
things together instead it is just more
and more division and that's a winning
issue for Republicans because a lot of
their base is concerned about 2040 in
2040 why people will no longer be the
majority we won't have any one majority
race and that scares a lot of trumps
base they have nothing to worry about
it's already the case in California and
Texas white people are not the majority
there but white folks are doing fine in
California in Texas so chill but you
know there's a legitimate conversation
of Mehan but that's not the one that
we're having you know just fact-checking
legal immigrants undocumented workers
both have lower rates of crime I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
