welcome back the president's former
campaign chairman of course is on trial
his former personal attorney is the
focus of a federal investigation and a
special counsel named Robert Muller
who's investigating Russia that's still
going on but president Trump is another
legal headache and it's a headache that
threatens to expose his past business
dealings and it's a headache that could
even expose publicly his tax returns
it's a lawsuit that was filed by the
District of Columbia and Maryland's
attorneys general accusing mr. Trump of
violating the Constitution's and
monuments clause by accepting foreign
governments money at his DC hotel
a federal judge recently rejected the
president's latest efforts to stop this
lawsuit and barring a last-minute appeal
which could happen the suit now heads to
the discovery phase and of course that's
where things could get interesting and
well a bit ugly and that's where we
could learn more about which foreign
government officials have stayed at the
Trump Hotel in DC we could find out how
much they paid during their stays and
perhaps most importantly the public may
get its eyes on the president's tax
returns that he has been so reluctant to
reveal at least the 2017 ones nothing
before that so here with me now is one
of the plaintiffs in this lawsuit
it's Maryland's attorney general Brian
frosh mr. Attorney General welcome to
the show thanks for having me okay so in
pretty simple terms the emoluments call
your filing under the emoluments clause
why do you but why does it the state of
explain why the state of Maryland has
standing how's the state of Maryland
being harmed by the president's hotel in
Washington DC explain it well we've
claimed standing on a number of
different basis the judge has found that
we have standing because we have
institutions that compete with the Trump
post office Hotel in Maryland and we
have constituents businesses in our
state that compete with the Trump post
office Hotel biggest one being Marriott
yeah yeah what it's worth it would be
mayor I'm right I'm curious did you ask
any of private companies to join you in
this lawsuit we did not okay but
standing is we've also argued when we
joined the Union Maryland join the Union
we made a deal we seeded sovereignty to
the federal government with the
understanding that the president was
going to put our interests first not not
look at his bottom line and have that
guide the country that's the purpose
there there are originally any
corruption law there - a - here's what
the Trump Organization tells NBC News
they strongly maintain there's
absolutely nothing unconstitutional
about a foreign government paying for a
hotel room and what his lawyers call a
routine business transaction having
nothing to do with his presidency what
do you say to that argument well the
judge has said that they're wrong their
interpretation of the amana's clause is
tailored to suit Donald Trump's
interests and it conflicts with the
plain meaning of the clauses and with
what is very clearly the intent of the
framers of the Constitution for what
it's worth let's let's put up the
emoluments clause here no person holding
any office of profit or trust under them
under the United States show without the
consent of the Congress except of any
president a monument officer title of
any kind whatever from any King prince
or foreign state right and you'll notice
that that Clause has four uses of the
word any yeah it's very broad of any
kind whatever and the the Justice
Department arguing on behalf the
president has said oh it's it's very
narrow it's only if he's making a profit
fees the root word comes from a Latin
word that means to grind corn so only if
he's actually engaged in manual labor
and making a profit from it would that
be in a monument and the judge found
that it's any kind of gain profit or
advantage and that's clearly what the
framers were going for what's amazing
here and I think people too it is the
Department of Justice and not a personal
lawyer that is defending the press is
this because who who are you suing here
the Office of the President or are you
suing the individual Donald Trump our
original complaint we sued donald trump
donald trump president of the united
states we've amended it to include him
as an individual mm-hmm right now he's
being defended explora and the original
part of the case is being offended
exclusively by the Justice Department so
we're paying for his defense but he also
has private counsel that has entered
appearances to defend against the suit
against him as an individual if he can
prove that he has
donated all his foreign profits to back
to the federal treasury does that get
him out of this not good enough why
because he's receiving payments from
foreign States and foreign princes I
mean there was just an article last week
about Saudi Saudi prince who had all his
retainers stay at the Trump Hotel in in
New York and so they would like to
define it as profit pure profit and they
claim it's a hundred and fifty one
thousand bucks which seems insanely low
but it's not that it's the receipt of
payments themselves that violates the
environments all right let's say you
went what's the you know what do you
what do you get well it's a recourse at
a bare minimum you would have to stop
receiving foreign payments so the
government's right now the Kuwait
Malaysia the Philippines Romania they've
all done events they're no official
foreign entity could do any business at
the Trump Hotel or he would have to turn
down that business you would have to
stop receiving those payments and how he
does that is in part up to him and in
part up to the court the other there's
another emoluments clause to domestic
emoluments clause and it says the
president gets only his salary during
his term in office and no other
emolument right and the Trump post
office hotel lease itself is in a moment
it says that no federal official can
receive any benefit from this lease so
wait a minute because there's also we
just learned this year in his new filing
there was an LLC formed where he earned
$100,000 just off the sale of
presidential paraphernalia so is that an
in this instance define then that's a
violation of the domestic emolument
cause his ownership of the lease
certainly is so then owning an LLC
getting profits this way would be to I
was unaware of the fact that he's he's
actually selling a mug's and we were to
when we saw this LLC weren't a hundred a
day he reported income based on that
yeah well the short answer is he can't
profit from being president of the
United States and that's what the both
emoluments clauses are set up to
prohibit and he is the first person in
history to profit here from this high
office does that extend
family I mean if his sons are profiting
off of the office but it's not him
does that get him out of this well well
we're we're not suing his sons I
understand and and his daughter is a
federal official of some kind and
prohibited by the foreign emoluments
Clause from from receiving any payments
monuments of any kind whatever from from
foreign states alright last question
discovery is going to happen soon
assuming this appeal gets denied the
next or whether they do appeal or not
when would that wouldn't when is the
soonest that we might see discovery
which might mean the tax returns well
the judge asked us for a schedule and
it's due next week so we are in
negotiations right now with the Justice
Department to determine how quickly we
will get discovery and and what happens
after then this is one of the under
radar legal problems for the president
Brian frosh thanks for coming in and
explaining your side of this very
enjoyable watch oh thank you hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
