welcome back tonight and meet the
midterms while a lot of Democrats are
having a very good week remember Tuesday
night
Florida Senator Bill Nelson is not one
of them first he criticized Republican
Governor Rick Scott who is running
against Nelson for Senator for a
position it turns out they shared or at
least they did at one time
despite running campaign ads blaming
each other for the algae bloom crisis
that truly is wreaking havoc on my
beloved state of Florida both Nelson and
Scott apparently have asked the EPA to
delay higher wallet water quality
standards then Nelson told the Tampa Bay
Times he didn't recall doing that and
that prompted this harsh attack from the
Senate leadership on yesterday that
Nelson is quote no longer dealing from a
full deck but that wasn't it Nelson told
the Tampa Bay Times yesterday that
Russian operatives had penetrated
certain counties in Florida as too
elaborate
Nelson said it is classified the state
says it has zero information supporting
his claim obviously if true this would
be batches a big story a major story but
with no evidence back it up it just
raises a lot of questions Florida is a
prime opportunity for Republicans to
pick up a Senate seat in November Bill
Nelson needs to be playing error-free
ball against a billionaire this week he
had to one for stairs
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
