welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with
the Oscars and what appears to be the
Academy Awards is gilded glittering
marched toward heir relevance on
Wednesday the folks at the Academy
announced its changing the awards next
year
the telecast will be shortened to three
hours instead of four only two pitching
changes allowed they will also present
select categories during commercial
breaks
so some behind the scenes folks won't
get to give their speeches on TV like
what happened to me I was trying to give
our camera guys some love but there's
one change in particular that really
irks me they're adding a new category
outstanding achievement and popular film
nobody officially knows what the heck
that means yet but really don't we all
know what that means
it seems the after Oscars believes that
best picture is really code for
outstanding achievement in unpopular
film last year's Best Picture winner was
the shape of water it made 64 million
dollars domestically meanwhile Jumanji
welcome to the jungle made 400 million
so if we're going to turn the Oscars
into more of a popularity contest than
it already is let's just give everybody
an award how about best adaptation of a
theme park ride best indifference to
acceptance speech interruption music
best American accent by a British actor
best British accent by an American actor
most disappointing sequel best remake of
a movie that sucked the first time best
film featuring Dwayne the rock Johnson
that's Phil not featuring Dwayne the
rock Johnson outstanding achievement in
going over budget
longest dramatic pause how about the
Liam inist Neeson or wookie of the year
seriously Academy given the Oscars -
everybody is no way to become popular
but if you stick with this monumentally
half-baked plan maybe it's time to
rethink the design of those statuettes
we'll be right back
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mind
set right here for you on YouTube
subscribe now
