when the president threatens to send
military close to the border how
seriously should we take that because a
lot of what he says around law and order
and around immigration really get his
core base fired up and he doesn't
actually have to follow through he just
has to push these narratives they like
that and on a policy front which is
wealthy people corporate America they
don't want these things anyway well it's
not just that so far he hasn't shown the
follow through a number of areas
especially when it comes to migration
and immigration he actually doesn't have
the unilateral power to for instance
declare that Mexico will actually pay
for the wall at the southern border and
have them pay or to build this border
while the holdup there doesn't seem to
be the president's desire but the
congressional process but I will say as
Peter was saying this is an issue that
as much as is an actual tangible thing
he would like done is really something
for the midterms and our understanding
is he has been told by his advisors that
you just can't go out there and tout
your achievements you actually have to
stir up your base and energize them sort
of through grievance and and paint the
world as problem addled and that you're
gonna fix it fire them up against an
angry Democratic you know liberal mod
that's weak on borders and so I think
what we're seeing is is a part of that
as well Eddie I want to play for you
what Newt Gingrich said on Fox last
night sometimes politicians and their
consultants and everybody does all this
planning and then history just picks
things up and changes everything I think
two words are going to define the night
of the 2018 election in the next three
weeks
one is Kavanaugh and the other is
Caravan Cavanaugh on caravan so what do
Democrats do because one thing that the
president's done artfully is spread lie
after lie after lie and it works it
works with his base and then you've got
the corporate set who I sit with all the
time who basically say oh I'm just not
gonna listen to what he says cuz those
tax cuts doubled the amount of cash they
have on the books and when you talk to
wealthy people in places like California
in New York where there you think
they're blue and they're definitely at
cocktail parties those rich people are
going man let me tell you about my tax
rate they love it well I think what
Democrats have to do is speak to their
constituencies speak to the to real-life
circumstances of folk on the ground we
know that a majority of Americans aren't
in the stock market we know that their
that their wages are flat have flatlined
that you've seen modest growth that
they're trying to make energy we know
that the rental market is such that as
the housing market collapsed and it's
barely putting back that the rental
market is so high that certain people
can't find places to live we know that
everyday ordinary folks can't afford to
send their kids to school we know that
health care costs are skyrocketing we
can just tell the story about what
everyday ordinary working people are
experiencing and then you combine that
with this fact and this is the fact that
when you talk about caravan you're
talking about white anxiety you're
talking about old white man angst and so
when they bring up the caravan it's all
we need to do is to bring up the
pictures of children being separated
from their families that's all we need
to do is bring up children in
immigration court that's all we need to
do is just talk about how evil the
policy is and then we say this and check
this out Stephanie when we say this to
them when we say that the tax cut has
benefited only the top one-tenth of a
percent and one percent only the richest
of the rich well we're down here busting
our behinds white black green purple
yellow right we can save irrespective of
Donald Trump that Republican policies at
least these policies aren't benefiting
everyday ordinary people they just need
to tell the truth in the face of the 110
the president continued Charlie to blame
Democrats when the bill he backed in the
house was opposed by more than a hundred
Republicans a few months ago now what
I'm giving you our facts and I worry
that they don't matter
yeah facts have become rather irrelevant
haven't they yes I mean look the
president's strategy is very clear you
know we live in an age of negative
partisanship you know and and as Ashley
pointed out you know they could be
running on the economy they could be
running on a lot of things but they've
decided to run on on you know the fear
and the the mobs and going after going
after Democrats but look you know I
think what Democrats have to do is first
of all have a little bit of message
discipline stop distracting from their
message you know stop stepping on
their message you know over the last
several days you know what do we have
you know Hillary Clinton talking about
you know that that it wasn't abuse you
know an unforced error no one we're
talking about DNA as opposed to you know
DNA tests etc we're talking about you
know some overreach so a little bit of
message discipline how about focusing on
the overriding themes of this election
you know cruelty and corruption the
economic anxieties you know yes there's
no question about all of that but you
know we will we look at okay let's stick
that corrupt line because in the last
three weeks the new narrative and I want
you to answer this Eddie from
Republicans will be cruelty and
corruption they're going to say what
about what happened to Bret Cavanaugh's
wife and daughter corruption why did
this thing get leaked corruption you've
got guys like Bob Menendez running again
so for Democrats don't they need to run
on more than cruelty and corruption
because people across the country
whether I believe that or not will say
politics are dirty they're all bad news
well I think I think it's both an all
right I think we need to put forward a
positive agenda an agenda that will
address the circumstances of everyday
working people across ethnic lines right
and we need to talk about what we're
confronting and what we're confronting
is cruelty and so even if they bring up
Cavanaugh it's going to just simply
embolden women and particularly women of
color to come out so even if they make
that argument it's gonna deep in some
devour those people on the blue already
coming out and in the last three weeks
has the red done something to bring new
faces or more faces yeah no I I do think
that's that is what's happening and I
think that the strategy that you're
seeing you're gonna see play out on
election night which is that red America
is gonna get redder blue America is
going to get bluer and in fact this map
the day after the election this blue red
map is good to be starker you're going
to see this drawing clearly on the House
races this is this is what matters most
this center the reasonable center in
this country being hollowed out well see
this is the thing if you're gonna look
for growth on each second on either side
the growth potential is actually on the
blue side what you said that Trump is
not going to add anyone new
this is what he's not going to Dizzy's
not going to add anyone new who likes
him personally but if the economy is
doing better if people can start
businesses with less regulation we're
living in it in a short-term world where
people aren't going to put a sign on
their front yard that says they're
voting for Trump and they're certainly
not saying it to a pollster or at a
cocktail party but they will quietly
vote right and that is that soft Trump
voter you know you you do have the
tribal Trump voters the cult of
personality Trump voters but also the
transactional ones the ones who held
their nose in 2016 but now might be
saying I'm gonna turn out and vote oh
well that's about who we are it's so we
will I know I'm going to well we will
castigate the loud bigots we will throat
we will throw we will say these folks
who are running around with Mara hats
are problematic and it sounds as if the
silent majority the so-called forgotten
Americans those are the ones it's not
just simply the loud folk exhausted
majority Ashley can you speak to this
because the president is making this now
all about him and while there are lots
of people out there who don't like him I
was just at a CEO conference where
nobody liked him but they were very
pleased with his policies and they will
quietly vote for him even if they didn't
vote for him last time are you hearing
this well he it's sort of twofold he
absolutely is making it all about him
and part of that as a recognition that
it's always kind of all about him and so
he might as well own it our
understanding is that's what his
political team are telling these
Republican candidates that if you want
to win you need to own this president in
his policies because they're going to be
attached to you whether you like it or
not the question is for the Republicans
they're hoping that Trump can move those
sort of soft voters those low propensity
voters who may have only come out to
vote for him in 2016 and certainly don't
vote in off years not just to show up in
and off here but to vote for someone who
is not named Donald Trump and may not
have some of that charm that his voters
seemed to like and the flipside of
course of d'azur mentioning is the risk
is he motivates Democrats but one thing
and he is
certainly done that but one thing I've
heard is that Democrats are motivated
and the question is you know how where
is their ceiling maybe he's just making
them angrier but the Democrats were
already there and as he sort of bringing
out more Republicans than the Democrats
and the answer is we're not quite gonna
know until Election Day or if he's
bringing out new voters young voters
what exactly are they doing we know that
there's one thing president talk did for
this country he got people engaged
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
