Barbara that's my simple first question
here I know that US attorneys sometimes
you're you want to use the press
sometimes you don't Bob Muller is a man
who does not want to use the press at
all but it's a one-sided fight right now
and if it is a PR battle does Bob Muller
need to rethink his strategy well I
think it is his his MO certainly to stay
out of the press he has been known for
saying that the press is can be your
friend at times but at other times none
so he prefers to keep his head down and
to do his work so I doubt he's gonna
change his ways although you make a good
point which is he's used to working in a
world where the ultimate decision maker
is a judge or a jury and it doesn't
matter what the press has to say and it
doesn't matter what public opinion says
in this scenario when it could come down
to a report for impeachment
consideration it very much is a
political question and up for public
debate and so is he out of his his
comfort zone here when he's dealing with
something of where the political stakes
are so high but nonetheless whether he's
thinking about it or not I doubt he's
gonna change his game my guess is he
will make a decision to either persuade
President Trump to sit for an interview
or file that serve him with a subpoena
or decide to go forward without it look
this hemmin and hawin by Giuliani where
it looks like somehow he and Muller's
team are going back and forth and we
don't know whether that's really true or
not because Muller's team are so mum or
whether this is just Giuliani sort of
playing to the cameras but I am curious
Muller could end this as you just said
however if he decides you know what I'm
gonna split the baby here I'll do the
subpoena that I know I can win which is
to question him about all of his actions
as a candidate and I punt the questions
about obstruction is that the fallback
scenario here it may be I don't I don't
see Robert Muller going that path I
think he very much would want to ask the
questions about obstruction so I think
the demands that Giuliani's team is
making are really quite unreasonable and
I don't see any reason why Robert Muller
would give up on those questions there's
some very real questions here about
obstruction of justice and the only
person who can really answer those
questions are President Hopkins
self because corrupt intent is so
important but really I see his sit down
as president Trump's opportunity to tell
his side of the story and if he doesn't
want to avail himself of that in some
ways maybe Robert Muller just walks away
and assumes the worst about him but if
he were to file that subpoena I am very
confident that he can win unless we get
a new Supreme Court Brett Kavanaugh is
someone who has written on a strong
executive and strong executive privilege
and so maybe the calculus changes once
he comes to the court but you know that
case of us versus Nixon unanimous
opinion for the 1970s seems like the law
is very strongly in favor of Robert
Muller at least as at this point all
right Barbara let's talk about the other
big legal Drummond Trump world the one
where we have you tied to a tethered to
a camera there for us the Paul manta
Ford trial you outside the courthouse
prosecutors are back at it they're
showing how they say man affort
committed bank and tax fraud the latest
example apparently Manta fort claimed in
New York City condo was a second home
when he was really renting it out on
Airbnb that allowed him to get a bigger
mortgage loan a lower rate from the bank
prosecutors say the condos Airbnb
listing temporarily disappeared from the
website right around the time mana fort
was trying to secure that loan how
airtight how was the testimony today how
good were the prosecutors today at
making their point in your opinion I
think it was a very strong day today was
a prosecutor's dream it's can be very
dull and tedious for the jurors and for
the court watchers but the case comes in
through documents they had Bank
witnesses who are just up there talking
about how they do their jobs and walking
through all of these different loans and
all of the contradictory statements that
were made by Paul Manafort I think a
very strong day for the prosecution the
defense tried to make some points by
saying that Rick Gates was involved in
some of these communications or that
some of these statements weren't a big
deal but I think that the evidence
really does not support their theory
that this is all Ricketts we've got Paul
Manafort personally sending emails
personally attending the closings and so
I think today is a very strong day for
the prosecution the fact that the
defense keeps bringing up Rick Gates it
mean is it pretty clear that that's
their whole strategy here it's not Manta
for that did all this its gates it is
and you know rich Gates is not a bad
person to try to pin this on he came
across as a really despicable person
someone who ally to do whatever he wants
but the the rest of the evidence
corroborates the testimony of brigades
and does isn't really consistent with
the theory that the defense is trying to
pin on him he's certainly involved in
some of these things he works together
with Paul Manafort to commit some of
these Bank frauds and some of the tax
fraud but you see Paul Manafort
very involved and the testimony of
accountants who say that Paul Manafort
was deeply involved in his finances and
knew where every penny was spent I think
it's going to be enough for the jury you
never know what a jury wants to do but
if they act reasonably and rationally I
think there's sufficient evidence to
convict all right let's talk about judge
Ellis it was quite a shock with to some
he had a star turn today with a big
profile in the New York Times I have no
idea whether the judge liked it or
didn't part of me thinks that he made
the apology realizing maybe his star
turn isn't playing so well but obviously
the apology had to do with a complaint
an official complaint by the prosecution
one was he truly apologetic and two has
the judge hurt the prosecution's case
with the jury so the request of the
government overnight was a curative
instruction because the judge had
admonished them in open court I mean
really scolded them for allowing their
expert witness to sit through the trial
which he had known until he was called
to the stand despite the fact that the
government had filed a motion to do this
the judge had granted it and so they
asked for a curative instruction to tell
the jury that the government had not
done anything wrong he did that but he
did it in the way that sometimes you see
celebrities make apologies I apologize
if anyone was offended he said something
to the effect that I may have been wrong
and so you should set aside my comments
made to the government yesterday so
whether that was effective or not
whether you can unring the bell I'm not
sure but he did at least say that his
instruction may have been a mistake and
that they should disregard that has he
hurt them in the case you know he
interjects his his opinion from time to
time in some ways in a very
inappropriate way that would have a
harmful effect we shall find out how he
behaves next week when the defense puts
on some witnesses and if he acts the
same
everybody quiets down right absolutely I
am told that this is the way he rolls
yeah that's what you hear Barbara
McQuade I'm glad you're not getting wet
today so thank you god no rain thanks
very much
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mind
set right here for you on YouTube
subscribe now
