North Korean officials issuing another
angry rhetorical blast at the u.s. in
recent days accusing secretary Pompeo
after an encounter in Asia last weekend
of upping American demands for
denuclearization without sanctions
relief that they say they were promised
by all accounts the talks are stalemated
this contrary to president Trump's
triumphant claims of success after that
Singapore summit with Kim jong-un but
there is one small gesture a gesture
from Kim's regime and it's not so small
for the two sons of an American sergeant
major who never returned from the Korean
War a single dog tag finally making the
long trip home
Charles and Larry McDaniel Charles a
retired Army chaplain Larry a former
football coach were only two and three
years old in August of 1950 when their
father a decorated World War two veteran
was suddenly deployed to fight in Korea
from the base the family lived on in
Occupied Japan they never saw him again
well I think you you grow up you deal
with grief and you push it aside I
remember as a boy sometimes it surfacing
a couple of times and I'm crying but
that hasn't had for many many years
obviously and you don't think it's there
and then someone calls you on the
telephone and tells you a story about
the finding of a single dog tag and all
of a sudden those feelings come back and
rushing out from a very deep place and
so I said a few tears I can say that but
it's a mixture of feelings to you also
or there's some relief and some at least
partial closure that actually my father
for sure died I mean that seems much
more probable he simply represents a
whole generation of people who loved the
country were patriotic enough to go
sacrifice their entire life force and I
think if anything comes out of this it
should be that that people of
generations that have followed should be
more attuned to what those who went
before them have sacrificed
their fathers dog tag may or may not be
connected to 55 sets of remains returned
in a solemn ceremony last week the first
return by Pyongyang in 11 years and the
Pentagon now says that new DNA
technology provides some more hope that
families like the McDaniels may finally
get some answers in the coming months
after waiting a lifetime to find out
just what happened in that battlefield
half a world away
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
