member of the progressive group fused
Washington provided the Rachel Maddow
Show with exclusive audio of House
Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunez
speaking at a fundraiser in Spokane
Washington last week for the number four
House Republican cathy McMorris Rogers
in the recording Nunez and McMorris
Rogers say that rod Rosen Stein cannot
be impeached but only because it would
imperil the nomination of Brett
Kavanaugh said he should not be
impeached Nunez also spoke about the
importance of protecting President Trump
the question is the timing of it right
before the election and start to start
with impeachment roses names and then it
take the risk about being not getting
capital so it's a it's not like roses
time it's a matter of it's a matter of
time
and that's the voice of Devon Nunez
McMorris Rogers had no comment on that
recording Nunez his office did not
return calls seeking a response joining
us now a member of the judiciary and
Armed Services committee's Democratic
Senator Richard Blumenthal of
Connecticut senator thanks for being
with us and thanks for your patience
during the Steve Miller Band
conversation let's talk about what you
just heard right there it's not news
that Devon Nunez believes rod Rosen
Stein should be impeached he said it
publicly the freedom caucus introduced
the idea of impeaching rod Rosenstein as
Deputy Attorney General House Speaker
Paul Ryan came out the next day and says
he did not support that the impeachment
of Rod Rosenstein but what Nunez is
effectively saying there is will put it
to the side for a moment while we get
Kavanagh on the on the bench but then
we're coming back to the idea that
Rosenstein should be impeached what does
that tell you and how serious do you
take that well first it tells me that
the Republican leadership is putting a
priority on the confirmation of Brett
Kavanaugh right he's the critical swing
vote if the special counsel issues a
subpoena and it goes to the United
States Supreme Court he may well be the
one to determine whether president has
to comply with that subpoena so this
strategy is really the most Craven and
brazen the kind of politics in its
approach to undermining the rule of law
and the second point to be made here is
that the reason for retaining the
Republican majority is simply to protect
the president against potential
consequences that may involve other
subpoenas uncovering other wrongdoing
this culture of corruption is so
pervasive Wilbur
other members of the cabinet the
President himself violating the
emolument clause by taking all kinds of
foreign benefits and payments we have
sued the president 200 members of
Congress have joined my lawsuit and it
is really unparalleled in American
history as you look ahead at the
dominoes that could fall if some out
Rosenstein were impeached is that to put
somebody in place do you believe who
could then fire Bob Muller is that the
ultimate goal here that's a really key
question because people look at the
special counsel and say his position is
critical which it is but ultimately the
one responsible for approving all of the
potential indictments all of the budget
all the personnel of the special counsel
is in fact the Deputy Attorney General
rod Rosen Stein
so in firing him were impeaching him or
Unruh cueing the Attorney General to
fire him is really at the core of what I
think this strategy is Senate have a
question for you know some noonas is
obviously known as somebody who who
hates the investigation who has cast
doubt on it but seeing the number four
House Republican echo his comments cathy
McMorris Rogers kind of echoing his
sense of the strategy was new to me and
I wonder if you take that to mean that
the full house leadership is actually
secretly behind this plan to impeach the
DEA Deputy Attorney General in my view
the Republican leadership is ambivalent
it knows what the right thing to do here
is it needs the grit and backbone to
stand up and really uphold the rule of
law and that applies to Brett Kavanaugh
as well because right now the
Republicans are engaged in a conscious
effort to hide and conceal documents
that are necessary to evaluate Brett
Cavanaugh's nomination they have not
only limited the scope of the documents
to exclude all the relevant paper and
communications involving Brett Kavanaugh
service in the Bush White House
secretary but they have also turned over
the screening process to a team of
Republican lawyers headed by a lawyer
who was in fact Cavanaugh's deputy in
the Bush White House and now is serving
as a lawyer to a number of people in the
Bush administration or formerly in the
Bush administration like Steve Kavanaugh
and they are in effect cherry-picking
pre-screening sanitizing documents so
that we have now filed a Freedom of
Information request we the Democrats on
the Senate Judiciary Committee we did it
yesterday because it's the last resort
you know Walter getting back to Devin
Nunez and what Devin Nunez is strategy
is going against Rosenstein now even the
White House sources are telling
reporters that the White House considers
Nunez and and the freedom caucus has
attacks on Rosenstein to be a joke they
know it's not serious they know it's not
going anywhere
and yet you just wonder why Paul Ryan is
allowing it to continue and as people
are now looking about and trying to
figure out what Paul Ryan's the legacy
is going to be right now if this
continues his legacy is allowing a guy
to destroy the Intel community's
bipartisanship historically bipartisan
nature and secondly allowing members to
run around and try to provide cover for
Vladimir Putin by destroying an
investigation that looks into out
Putin's trying to undermine American
democracy it's pretty straightforward
isn't it
yeah the White House considers it a bit
of a joke that Nunez is acting this way
but it's not a joke we used to be able
to have a consensus in Congress that
people are going to rise above
partisanship at times like when we got
attacked by Russia and I'd love to turn
it to the senator because I don't quite
I mean you remember the times when there
would be Republicans and Democrats would
say okay this transcends our partisan
differences let's figure it out other
than bob Corker who's a great man and
Jeff Flake or honest
are there other Republicans in the
Senate who are talking to you and saying
maybe we ought to move this along I know
that Mark Warner has had some success on
the Intelligence Committee doing that is
there some hope there I always have hope
that three and I go to work in the
mornings but I am deeply disappointed in
a Republican leadership in the Senate as
well as the house they have really
collapsed like rusty lawn chairs and the
real crying need now is to return to
that kind of bipartisan consensus
because we face an ongoing threat it's
not only the special prosecutor looking
at Putin and the potential conspiracy
involving a Trump campaign in the past
and obstruction of justice which is
unfolding right before our eyes in real
time it's also looking forward at what
Putin is doing right now the pervasive
and ongoing threat to our democracy is
what's really a hat drive into the
Florida voting rolls too and it's just
amazing to me that both parties don't
want to say let's stop Russia from
hacking our election system they are
saying the right things but what's
missing is action and that will require
Republicans really standing up to be
counted as they did during Watergate
Senator Richard Blumenthal thank you so
much for being on Morning Joe today
still ahead in 2016 she was booted out
of a luncheon for heckling Donald Trump
now she's on course to become the first
Muslim woman in Congress Rashidah Talib
joins us next
on Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
