and last hour we spoke with Rasheeda
Talib who is poised to become the first
Muslim woman ever elected to Congress
after her victory on Tuesday in Michigan
2018 is set to become a record year for
a variety of diverse groups with a
record number of women 185 so far having
been nominated to run for the house
alone this November and women are now
the major party nominees for governor in
11 states meanwhile as many as 90 Muslim
American candidates have ran for
statewide or national office this year
the most since September 11th 2001 and
there are a record number of Native
American Native Americans and a record
number of women along among that group
as well running for office in the
midterms our next guest is helping to
usher in a rainbow wave with a record
number of LGBTQ candidates more than 400
running for office this year former
Democratic mayor of Houston Annise
Parker joins us now she's the president
and CEO of the LGBTQ Victory Institute
and Victory Fund
thank you very much anis for being on
this morning tell us why you are running
at this point what's your biggest
message all of our candidates are
running because they care about their
constituents and they're focused on
local issues but they're also very aware
that the LGBT community is facing a
backlash across the country in
particularly in state legislatures where
anti-trans bills so-called bathroom
bills are popping up where so-called
religious freedom bills are targeting
the LGBT community and they are
motivated just as the other communities
you mentioned wanting to serve but
concerned about the direction of our
country and I talked about this rainbow
wave that you're looking at and you're
running these but we've got 400 LGBT
candidates running for office this year
across the board
what is this inspired by and is it trump
based its partially trump based but it's
not just that it is a concern about the
direction of the country all across
America while
a very real fear that the Trump
administration will roll back a lot of
the progress that we've made in the LGBT
community the the worst of the bills
that are targeting us are coming in the
state houses across America and we have
an unprecedented number as you said more
than 400 out LGBT candidates running
there are only 559 currently sitting
LGBT elected officials we have a map
called the out for America map anyone
can can access it and look it up but 400
running 559 currently serving this is a
surge of candidates not many of them
reflect that broader wave of women of
candidates of color of trans candidates
we have a handful of Republican
candidates a very tiny handful of
Republican candidates but these are
people who are values driven leaders who
want to serve their community who
happened to be LGBTQ they may be running
an anti Trump message but that's not the
basis of their campaign that's a tactic
that may work in some districts mayor
Parker it's willie Geist it's good to
see you this morning I'm thinking about
Danika Rome who wanted a seat in the
state legislature last Virginia a
transwoman and the emphasis of her
campaign was to clear up congestion and
get rid of the traffic on Route 28 and
she hammered that local message home
until she was elected and some people
even criticized her for not emphasizing
more of the fact that she was that she
has a trans woman so how do you
recommend two candidates running to work
that balance between their identity how
important is that versus just hitting
the themes and the issues that are
important to voters in their districts
all politics is local
Danika executed perfectly on the
playbook and that is to be open and
authentic to allow voters to know who
you are
but to know what you care about and what
she cared about was serving her
constituents and that particular issue
was the top issue for her constituents
that's what we asked our candidates to
run on across America and that's what
they're doing they're running for the
same reasons I mean what anyone else
runs they want to serve and you have to
match your district you have to
understand your district
anis Parker thank you so much for
talking about the surge of these
candidates running for office stepping
up we appreciate it
you know me thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
