America needs a full-time president and
a full-time Congress particularly at
this time with problems we face at home
and abroad to continue to fight through
the months ahead for my personal
vindication we're almost totally
absorbed the time and attention of both
the president and the Congress in a
period when our entire focus should be
on the great issues of peace abroad and
prosperity without inflation at home
therefore I shall resign the presidency
effective at noon tomorrow that was
President Richard Nixon 44 years ago
last night as today marks the
anniversary of the first and only time a
president resigned from office Joe Wow
and we can you you'd said before that
your father obviously knew Richard Nixon
and after after his wife Pat died that
he actually came over to your house yes
and you remember seeing him with such a
broken man yeah it was obviously I think
the loss of his wife but he was sitting
on our porch in a chair that sort of
pulled out from the table with the
Setting Sun behind him down the hill and
I just I sort of couldn't believe what I
was seeing so much history and so much
turmoil for this country all wrapped up
in his story but really Willie it's
interesting the only time that Richard
Nixon broke down in public
that anybody saw him actually breaking
down in public was when his wife Pat
died at the funeral he broke down so
much he was actually embarrassed about
it later but that 44 years ago Jon
Meacham says it's his first memory
News event that despite the fact all he
talks about is a French and Indian War
we we should talk a little bit more
about Watergate
yes Shay's rebellion comes up a lot with
Johnny Joe will introduce her Marilyn
diminutive Walter Isaacson's here the
New York Times tweeted at their front
page it still takes your breath away for
a second pres the United States resigns
from office yeah issue here is that it's
so resonant with what's happening today
it's an obstruction of justice it's a
culture of corruption around the mall
Nixon afterwards I heard what mica said
and I remember him visiting people like
the big presents key but afterwards
Nixon became kind of a statesman he
loved talking about the world doing
discussions where he do these amazing
tours of the horizon of the world but
during that time in office he just
became unhinged when it came to justice
and I think you know it's that's why
history rhymes we have to go back and
look at things well well thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
