with the proviso the reminder to
everybody watching we are seeing exactly
one side of these negotiations over a
sit-down meeting between the president
and Muller the Muller team doesn't talk
and as far as we know they don't leak so
Robert is this all kind of a TV game
show we're watching is any of this truly
serious or binding and will you believe
any of it until it happens your healthy
skepticism is right on Bryan because
I've been talking to Mayor Giuliani in
recent days and keep urging him we'd
like to see this letter the response
you've given to Bob Muller and his
investigators but the president's
lawyers will not release letter so we're
a lot reliant on their accounts and they
continue to reiterate that they don't
want to have the president sitting down
with Mahler to talk about the firing of
Jim Comey at the FBI to talk about that
National Security Advisor Mike Flynn and
what the president said to call me about
letting it go and as Giuliani says they
really believe Muller has a perjury trap
here but Muller he is trying to finish
this report based on our reporting with
federal investigators and he's trying to
get it done before September but he
needs to figure out the president's
intent and until the president sits down
Brian he's not gonna really have that
Barbara you're the lawyer here real
quick on this phrase perjury trap that
we hear on a near daily basis I've heard
some lawyers like you on TV say listen
the truth will set you free if you tell
the truth that those around you tell the
truth there's no such thing as a perjury
trap what do people mean by perjury trap
well at least at the Department of
Justice the idea of a perjury trap is
forbidden and that is when you have no
legitimate purpose for calling someone
to a grand jury other than to try to
catch them in a lie that is you don't
believe they've committed any other
crime but you're going to try to catch
them alive so that you can charge them
with that lie I think in this instance
it's clear that Robert Muller has a lot
of legitimate questions that he wants to
ask a president Trump and the idea that
it's a perjury trap
I think only exists if he chooses to lie
now Jonathan Lemire the question for you
which may call for a judgement is what
is greater do you think in the Trump
camp the fear of a subpoena or the fear
of perjury I think they're worried about
both I mean they believe they have legal
arguments to
protect them against the subpoena they
don't believe that the Department of
Justice in the code there that David
that Muller would force forward that he
certainly a by-the-book prosecutor we
know and that we believe that they
believe that they would not Ford for
with that so perhaps therefore it's per
its perjury I mean everyone as I've said
before and what I reported before people
around the president just feel that he
is it's walking into a landmine
situation if he goes in there that he is
he's so on an undisciplined when he
speaks and that he sometimes will try to
say things to win over the room and to
curry favor with these investigators
he's gonna walk in there and say some
mistruths or say things aren't right or
or be selective and what he says and
therefore as July says walk himself into
perjury I mean the president though at
this point is publicly saying he still
wants to do this I think the longer this
goes on the more that the Giuliani and
the legal team moves the goalposts sort
of making it almost impossible for
Muller to finally agree to this as much
as Special Counsel does want this
interview as Bob just said they need to
be able to identify they want to find
her out the intent whether what was
behind the president is thinking actions
when he moved with whether was combing
or Flynn and so on but at some point
they're gonna have make a decision well
if he's not gonna sit down then we think
about the subpoena and I think that this
point Giuliani and others they're trying
to run up the clock here they know that
Muller is trying not to wade into the
midterms that if he doesn't do it then
he probably the tables as of Labor Day
let's say and revisits in November or
December even though of course we did
see Jim Comey open up a federal
investigation that absolutely mattered
to an election just about ten days
before voters went to the ballot and
more on that in just a moment barb I did
see I watched Giuliani with Sean on Fox
tonight
it was interesting at a certain point
Giuliani stopped talking about this he
kind of referred to a deferred to Jay
Sekulow a is it possible one of the feds
said your side should really stop
talking about these negotiations and be
what are the feds likely to make of all
this public sharing of letters and
demands and no questions on obstruction
and the like well ordinarily the
Department of Justice doesn't want to
silence people who want to talk they
have First Amendment rights to do that
and so I'm sure they don't like it they
probably aren't happy with it it may not
even be accurate
but they're probably not going to do
anything about it if Giuliani want and
Sekulow want to continue to talk about
it
I don't think it advances their position
and negotiating by by talking about it
in the public sphere but I don't think
that the Justice Department is going to
order them to stop in in any way but
yeah you're right that the effect of it
all though is that we get this very
one-sided narrative we don't even know
whether it's true they've made
representations about their letter we
haven't seen the letter and certainly
we're not hearing from robert muller so
we don't know what it says but i do get
the sense that they're slow walking this
they're trying to get themselves as
close to september as possible say we're
negotiating we're still keeping the door
open because they know that as that
election approaches it's less likely
that robert muller would serve that
subpoena and launch what's likely to be
some you know very explosive litigation
also barb what is rudy talking about
when he says this negotiate this
investigation will violate DOJ rules if
it goes past September 1 well he is
conflating some things here and I don't
know whether it's intentional or not but
there's sometimes something referred to
as a 60-day rule before an election
there's usually a cooling-off period the
language of the rule really is very
broad it just as prosecutors shouldn't
do anything to influence the outcome of
an election and what you do or don't do
really depends on the facts of the case
but many people have interpreted it to
be sort of a 60 day rule that says when
you get 60 days out of an election you
probably should cool off and not file
anything publicly so with the elections
in November that'd be about Labor Day
and so I think there have been many
people suggesting that Robert Muller
would be unlikely to serve a subpoena
then but to suggest me an investigation
needs to be over by then is a very
different thing even if he does go into
a cooling-off period but she may or may
not do without Trump on the ballot
nothing says he's got to be done by
September first Bob on that point no one
expects Muller to do anything incautious
a and B one of the hardened cynics in
our business proper this theory tonight
and that is that by saying September 1
by getting that in out into the
bloodstream Rudy who is a member of this
team that says nothing really by
accident usually its back referee
maybe getting into the public
consciousness what he sees as a wind if
and when muller suspends on or about
September 1st for election season they
can say it's been properly this
investigation has been paused and that's
a victory for us that's right Brian
talking to Mayor Giuliani you see him
preparing right now for the subpoena
fight that subpoena threat goes all the
way back to March when mall are made it
in a private exchange with then Trump
attorney John Dowd the Republican Party
is on edge especially after Tuesday's
primaries in Ohio and elsewhere about
the midterm elections they don't want to
have the Muller report hanging over
their heads so in my conversations with
Republican lawmakers on Capitol Hill
they're telling the White House they're
telling Trump a lies they're telling
Giuliani and the president anything you
can to get Russia off of our plate we'd
appreciate it and they know they have to
take a tough line on sanctions their
party's more hawkish than the President
of Russia but they want this Muller
report to be not hanging out there as a
variable and so that's why in part this
is a political strategy for Giuliani as
much as a legal strategy
Jonathan lumira want to read you the
quote to very young promising writers at
The Associated Press have worked
together on this piece oh look it's you
and your co-author Trump has seeds to
confidence that he views the mana for
charges as a warning shot from Muller he
has told those close to him that as he
watches the courtroom proceedings he
fears that Donald Trump jr. could at
some point be the one on trial left out
all the careful sourcing that you were
careful to put in this you're just back
from Bedminster New Jersey House the
president enjoying his vacation we
haven't seen too much of him on the
vacation we'd be deeply the way they
planned it right he did have a dinner
with business leaders last night we saw
the first few minutes of it but largely
he's been laying low the White House is
reading out who he's been speaking with
and golfing with we know though that
over the last 10 days or so we have seen
it's reflected in his tweets as well as
these private conversations how upset he
has been watching the mana for trial day
after days the cable coverage it's in
his face it's it's in assault it is
mostly you inescapable every day
seize it there and that he it is as he's
told people around him it feels like
that smaller sort of opening act but
even though this trial of course is not
about Russia but he feels like it's
mother's hands involved obviously mana
fort was a prominent part of his
campaign and it's a sense of like what
could still be to come and even though
the president tells me around him he
doesn't believe his son did anything
wrong but he suggests that either a he
inadvertently broke the law perhaps or
be he simply the victim of a witch hunt
stop me if you've heard that before from
the president and in this case he feels
like that could be next and that is
something that even though publicly he's
suggesting that I'm not worried about
janja here privately he is Don jr.
himself also very much taking this brash
approach moving forward he's become a
very popular surrogate among Republicans
for the midterm elections been
crisscross in the country so he is not
letting this slow him down big thanks to
our big three on a Wednesday night in
August Jonathan Lemire Robert Costa
Barbara McQuade thank you hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
