new demands that Donald Trump sit for an
interrogation under oath a new pushback
from his lawyers now this story is in
some sense familiar because the legal
wrangling has been intensifying and
building for months this story is also
pivotal because any potential collusion
or obstruction case against Trump
requires more than evidence of just what
happened we all know by now that Trump
fired Comey
tried to fire Muller demanded sessions
take over the probe despite recusal got
the deputy FBI director out stood and
that any one of those actions could
potentially constitute obstruction but
Muller needs more than that what he
would have to prove ultimately is also
what was on Trump's mind when he did it
and for all the political and leadership
criticisms of this president that we
know about let's be clear and fair anger
ego incompetence that's not enough the
higher bar here is corrupt intent in a
person's mind
so Muller is saying like any careful
prosecutor he must question Trump before
he can conclude his work and tonight
Trump's lawyers are leaking their new
ongoing negotiations with Muller to show
that as of tonight they're not accepting
this full interview yet so they're using
two tactics leaking information with
their new letter to Muller about a kind
of a narrower counteroffer and also
talking to each other these lawyers in a
radio call-in show and appearance that
can only be described as a another
bizarre chapter in one of the most
bizarre live-action legal defenses of a
president in our history we give you the
unusual scene this morning Rudy Giuliani
joining Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow on
seculars radio show where they also took
questions from listeners there are
deadlines that you're trying to hit and
responding to the special counsel we
don't have an internal deadline mayor I
know you've said I've said this we want
to see this come to closure soon here
come here yeah we about time it ends we
do not want to run into the November
elections so back up from that this
should be over with by September first
Trump's lawyers using their public
profiles in a radio show to leak their
negotiations in real-time and create
more media content that is what's
happening right now now here was their
discussion of the big enchilada the
Trump interview it's going to be an
interview let's have it
he's got all the information that he
needs the interview will provide nothing
in addition to what he what he already
has so he can write his report we will
go into sack because the answer he will
get and well we'll see and of course the
question will be as this look we have an
ongoing dialogue with the Office of
Special Counsel in a professional manner
it went on like that we try to be as
fair as possible here but what I'm about
to say does sound negative about mr.
Giuliani the fact is he's a former
federal prosecutor when he claims a
prosecutor does not need to interview
key subjects of a probe under oath he
knows he's not telling the truth he
knows that's absurd
and he knows there must be some other
reason they want to shield their client
Donald Trump from going in and telling
the truth about what he did or didn't do
now this isn't exactly a spoiler but Bob
Muller doesn't do radio call-in shows so
he won't be leaking in real time his
response to what looks like an
escalation in these negotiations but we
do know if Muller determines as a legal
matter that this interview is necessary
and the White House won't provide it at
the scope that he believes is legally
required Muller has the option of taking
this president to court a fight that all
expect would go all the way up to the
Supreme Court where Trump is currently
trying to install a hand-picked judge
known for his skepticism of the power of
prosecutors like Bob Muller so let's get
to it I'm joined by Ali Hoenig former
assistant US attorney in the Southern
District of New York where many of these
cases have been Joyce Vance a former
federal prosecutor as well and mike
lupica longtime columnist for the New
York Daily News MSNBC contributor and
budding rap aficionado le might begin
with you you've tried many cases and
been around many cases have you ever
seen live leaks of interview
negotiations on a call-in show no I've
never seen anything like it and I think
what's happening here are
there's a chess game that's getting
underway and the first move is rudy
guiliani making these demands on
conditions for an interview that are
really just outrageous he wants written
questions I've done hundreds of witness
interviews I've never once submitted a
written question it defeats the whole
purpose you need to size the person up
you don't just want their lawyer to turn
out some loyally response you know
certain areas are are out-of-bounds well
in a lot of cases there's what's called
interrogatories which are the kind of
low stakes written question thing that
nobody considers as serious as a real
interview exactly they're formalities
right that's no it's no substitute for
sitting across from someone in sizing
them up and I believe while words of
Mike mike lupica if you could work on a
lyric about interrogatories you have one
minute you get a minute no I know no
wait for it Le Coq ready so I think I
don't think Muller is going to agree I
wouldn't I mean Muller's you know been
at this longer than me and if if Muller
doesn't agree you know the thing that
Giuliani knows full well from being a
prosecutor is Muller has the leverage
here and if Moeller doesn't like the
terms he'll hit him with the subpoena
and then as you said we're in courts and
here's what I think the play isn't doing
this silly radio staged show today if it
goes to the courts it's gonna drag on up
to and through the midterms and I think
that the purpose of today's show was to
allow Giuliani to say see we wanted to
do this but Muller took us to court and
he's politicizing this right before the
midterm well I want to be clear you're
suggesting that Jay Sekulow live has a
purpose and I don't know that we've been
able to confirm that yet mike lupica i
don't know that that radio show
generally has a purpose or not all
respect given i want to play a little
more from again the bizarre interactions
on this show with callers and then your
response might take a look the taxpayers
have been paying for this so-called
special investigation that is clearly
biased against our president I have
never heard of a case run by an FBI
agent who displayed hatred so the person
that he was looking at Muller didn't
find out about it it had to be presented
to him and then he and then he stayed
with the FBI for another year
looking ridiculous Mike beyond the
evident catharsis of screen callers
agreeing with the president's lawyers
what do you make of this bizarre scene
you know re I used to do a radio show in
sports and and I took those kind of
calls but those calls are making look
serious compared to what we heard to
today and and with all due respect I
don't think this is a chess game this is
a three-card Monte game that that these
geniuses who represent Trump are engaged
in but I you know the prosecutors and
the former prosecutors know far better
than I I have believed from the start
that there's a better chance that I'm
going to be interviewed by robert muller
than trump ever will be let me just say
this because I've asked you this
question before if this is a rigged
witch hunt if this is all made up if
there's no collusion if there's no
obscure obstruction why wouldn't this
president be running to have a meeting
with robert muller and clear as day well
i think that's a great question and
joyce there's been a lot of leaking from
the white house saying the president
secretly wants to do it and he's being
held back this is sort of a person at
the bar except it's at Miller's office
hold me back hold me back I really want
to fight and sometimes that people ask
me held back don't want to fight and the
fight with words sitting down under oath
with Bob Muller is not a problem if you
don't necessary have anything to hide
and you can carefully accurately answer
questions as for where it all leads
Joyce we did a little digging and want
to show all jokes aside about the
Collins show we are headed towards a
potential real interbranch conflict the
last time this escalated it didn't go
all the way to the court because Bill
Clinton did back down under subpoena
take a look the president has been
subpoenaed by the Independent Counsel
his lawyers back in Washington were
preparing to negotiate with independent
counsel Kenneth Starr for his testimony
he said to be insisting on the right to
question the president in person the
president will testify about his
relationship with a former intern under
oath and on tape for the grand jury
Joyce
so interesting to remember and I think
important to remember that every version
that we have of what Muller wants in
this regard comes from Rudy Giuliani or
other members of the president's team
Robert Muller isn't telling us whether
or not he wants to interview the
president nor has he revealed his hand
as to whether he might use a subpoena if
the president doesn't agree to one and I
think it's really important for us to
remember that because federal
prosecutors very often don't get to
interview targets or even subjects in
cases but back to the point that you
make Ari it's very telling when an
individual doesn't want to be
interviewed voluntarily particularly
when they're maintaining their innocence
and saying that they're merely a witness
in the case no obstruction no collusion
well if not why not go ahead and submit
to the interview it's only a perjury
trap if you intend to lie after all yeah
I agree there's a very easy way to avoid
a perjury trap which is just don't
commit perjury I mean I don't think
mother's gonna walk away I really don't
there's already been reporting that he's
an intends to do this interview he needs
to do this interview for the reasons you
said Trump has stated his intent every
which way he's taken both sides five
sides of every issue and so he needs to
be pinned down and put on record in a
way that he can't squirm away from and
the only real way to do that is by an
interview or in the grand jury right I
want to revisit some of the questions
here Joyce that did leak as you say from
the White House side but were fact
checked by the New York Times and the
special counsel didn't object to these
as being on the money when did you
become aware of that Trump Tower meeting
the discussions about any of these
meetings with Putin the knowledge of the
outreach including manna Ford of course
is on trial right now to Russia about
this assistance to the campaign and then
of course communications between Roger
stone associates Julian Assange and
WikiLeaks fascinating that last bullet
because we're covering that more tonight
to whether it's launched himself will
speak out in any capacity there's a lot
of legal reasons as you know to be
dubious about charging websites
publishers or platforms in the United
States that's not typically done but
what does that line of questioning tell
you and why would that and Roger stone
also a potentially be risky for the
president
Moeller is clearly looking at both
obstruction of justice but also still at
what we've come to call collusion this
idea of conspiracy to defraud the United
States and it looks from this list of
questions like the president is either
to believed a very believed to be either
a very central witness or perhaps a
subject or a target of course we all
know that Moeller won't really indict
the president but he could write a very
damaging report that would go up to the
hill discussing the president's
participation in all of these efforts
fees would be Russia and if this
reporting is in fact correct and these
are the topics that Muller wants to
question the president about he's
seeking to answer these fundamental
questions of what did the president know
right when did he know it and what did
he do that makes it look like the
president is a target more than anything
else right and that's what we keep going
back to is what is his exposure and if
the lawyers want to take the position
that is a potential target
who needs Fifth Amendment or other types
of protections they could take that
instead they are clearly baiting Muller
along saying this is taking too long
while they won't make the move that will
decide whether this is gonna go to court
or not Mike did you have any any lyrics
before we go well I was just thinking
that Trump is probably in a Kendrick
Lamar situation all we ask is trust all
we got is us but then you see those two
lawyers on the radio show and you think
if that's the quality of the defense you
might be screwed Ellie I'm gonna go a
little older than then mr. lupica I'm
gonna go with don't ask why I got my own
reasons I've called quest's Wow
that may be the first tribe bars on the
beat I was thinking with all the talk
about tapes more vintage fitty cent I do
what I want I don't care if I get caught
the DEA can play this tape in court and
if you wrap it right court and card
actually rhyme I just I don't have that
level of skill hey I'm already melbourne
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
