the Kansas Republican gubernatorial
primary we still don't know who's going
to win this one right now a hundred and
ninety one votes separate Kansas
secretary of state Kris Kobach an
incumbent governor the sitting governor
Jeff Colyer now there's still ballots to
be counted and erased this close you can
expect to recap but here's where things
get interesting
guess who oversees that recount
everybody why it's the office of Kansas
secretary of state none other than Kris
Kobach so in this situation you'd expect
Kovac to recuse himself from that
recount right
oh no guess again go back will not
recuse himself he says his office just
coordinates the recount and doesn't
actually count the votes well but wait
it gets better
if Jeff Colyer wants a hand recount and
race this close you might say he all
asks for one you'd have to agree to
cover the cost of it if he loses and by
Kansas law gets who get this gets to
decide how much that hand recount costs
the Secretary of State none other than
mr. kobak hmm a name your own recount
price tool where we heard this before
one woman one powerful savings tool one
chance to hunt down the right insurance
and the right price the name your price
tool only from progressive hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
