your beloved Ohio State University's in
a tough position right now there's a
sexual abuse investigation involving the
wrestling program the Urban Meyer
situation where it is it is did he do
enough looking out for somebody who's a
victim of spousal abuse do you think
there's a cultural problem in the Ohio
State athletic program well first of all
let's let's find out what we know about
about coach Meyer and they now have Mary
Jo white as my understanding I haven't
seen you think this is do you think that
this investigation will be fair Oh
terms of Urban Meyer the answer is yes
now the wrestling problem and they and a
diving problem Chuck
it was at least a year maybe two years
ago when I asked my people to make sure
that in a university that students have
a place to go that is confidential when
they can report either an assault on
them because they may want to think
about prosecuting a little bit further
down the road or a place that they can
go where they can blow the whistle where
they can have confidentiality and we
have asked the universities to be able
to set this up many of them are moving
in that direction not all them were
where we want them to be but this has
been an issue across this country for a
significant period of time and the
universities have to make this a
priority I've got two daughters getting
ready to go to college here one who take
on Sunday and one three weeks late weeks
later I want them to know where they can
go and they can report and they can be
safe and they will not be compromised
this do you feel comfortable country
would you feel comfortable if your
daughters were starting in a sporting
program about states that black athletic
programs that they wouldn't be mr. oh
sure I would sure yeah sure I would I am
confident in that but everybody needs to
up it everybody needs to look at it and
you need to examine it and that's what
we're trying to get them to do more
aggressively across the state ought to
be done across the country hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more me to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
