Republicans are spinning this as a win
but notably if you listen to what was
coming out from the congressional
leadership fund remember this is a big
super PAC involved in fundraising and
on-the-ground efforts they were sending
warning shots last night saying even
though this could be a win Republicans
are being outraised over and over and
over again and that can't happen and
also we're focused on Ohio rightfully so
because of this district and also
remember there are sixty nine or so
other districts that are where Trump won
by less than this or Hillary Clinton won
but also let's think about what happened
in Washington State last night there
were a couple of races that's a two-tier
party Joop tier primary system and that
gives us a good kind of barometer
heading into November where the
Republican and the Democrat in those
primaries were very very tight and two
of those districts Trump won
overwhelmingly as well so we're seeing
kind of across the country in the bigger
picture Republicans are still concerned
even if they can claim victory in Ohio
Mike I want to stay on kaitlin's
original point that conservative super
PAC the congressional leadership fund
stated while we won tonight this remains
a very tough political environment and
moving forward any Republican running
for Congress
getting vastly outraged by an opponent
needs to start raising more money so yes
on some level they're claiming victory
how worried should they be especially in
Ohio it should be extremely worried
because there are 60 or 70 seats more
flippable than this one and this one
came within 1% but I do have to pump the
brakes on the entire reason that we're
looking at it you said it a couple times
but let's resize this this seat will be
up again in November so we're talking
about three months of someone serving in
a congress that's still overwhelmingly
Republican and for those three months I
looked at the calendar Congress is in
session only two weeks out of all of
those months what a gargantuan waste of
money then well what it is is it's a
data point but the thing is whether the
Democrat comes within one percent or two
percent or even 11 votes it's the same
data point and the data point is telling
us this is eminently winnable not saying
overwhelmingly but eminently winnable
for Democrats and that's why things like
getting mad at the greens think about it
what is it
means so big deal you send another
Republican to Congress for three months
why waste why should anyone waste their
energy at the one thousand voters who
didn't vote for the Democrat who
actually holds this seat for the next
three months doesn't really matter what
really matters why not send the message
to the Democratic Party let's all get on
the same page you've got two major
parties one party believes climate
change exists the other party doesn't
get onboard with the team that does I
agree with that message but I'm talking
about if you look at this race and say
oh my god greens had you only changed
your votes the actual representation of
this district shouldn't really matter
that much to anyone the symbolism and
the data should matter no one no it's
been more critical of Jill Stein and her
voters than me but it doesn't really
matter in terms of why America thinks
this is important but is the message
broader than that we might not even be
to the green party but to the Democratic
Party those who are pushing very far to
the left or or to the middle let's all
get on the same page let's get a United
force let's have one foe instead of
fracture our party the Democrats could
be having that conversation going
forward right I mean they did they did
something different here in this race
which is he was not really talking about
President Trump I know a lot of
Democrats in the country want to say
he's the foe let's let's run against
President Trump he didn't really do that
he stuck to some issues and so that
might be a way to go forward which is
let's not talk about President Trump
there's enough out there on him right we
hear about that all the time so they
might not have to do that but I just
want to go back to the money for a
minute
they poured a lot of he didn't raise the
money the Republican they poured a lot
of national money in there hee-hoo
abortion didn't raise a ton of money as
we just said but National Republicans
sent money there this isn't the kind of
race they want to send money to they've
got way more important races to send in
the Senate as well and so this is kind
of a warning shot on the money which is
that you know do we have 80 seats now
that they're gonna have to send that
much money to Catelyn President Trump
has a good track record he endorses
candidates it certainly helps them we
see that in Ohio we saw in Florida
take us to Democrats when when you look
at what the Democrat here faced he faced
criticism original
more ties to Nancy Pelosi he then said
Nancy Pelosi I wouldn't vote for her
again he backed off of that what's the
right lane they need to find here
because there is a lot of push for a new
leadership in the Democratic Party but
you cannot forget there is no greater
fundraiser for Democrats than Nancy
Pelosi that's right and that's certainly
the argument that she and other
Democrats have been making but you know
Republicans use Nancy Pelosi as a
boogeyman of sorts because it is
effective especially in these districts
where there is a deep Republican
traditional Republican DNA right so they
are trying to by using Pelosi as a foil
try to say to voters who may not
Republican voters who might have voted
for Trump reluctantly or didn't vote for
him at all
to say look you may not like everything
he's doing in the way he's behaving in
office but do you really want a
Democratic Congress and what that would
mean so that's why they're trying to tie
all of these candidates to that to kind
of negate Trump's own unpopularity which
is of course what Republicans are facing
in all of these districts I want to talk
about voter turnout last night in more
highly populated areas you saw a bigger
turnout more than you did in rural areas
and the New York Times points out this
is an ominous sign for Republicans the
highest income and best educated
elements of the electorate those with
deeply uh those who are deeply uneasy
with President Trump they're showing up
with the most interest they voted we saw
the same thing happened in Virginia a
few months ago yeah it's another example
again if we're looking at this for data
points once again it confirms everything
that we're seeing where is the
excitement these voters have been asked
to vote three times that's a big ask and
so I think maybe there's weariness in
the rural areas just one a question one
thing does Donald Trump have a good
record or has he chosen candidates in
the Republican primary who might be too
extreme for the general what if his
record and this is something like Sarah
Palin did in 2010 and 2012 she seems to
have great effect in the primaries then
states that were winnable for the
Republicans
you know Sharron Angle or Christine
O'Donnell in Delaware and they wind up
losing the Senate I'm not talking about
the Senate did that exactly Shaun
Maloney said yesterday Kris Kobach
winning is a gift to Democrats hmm
definitely the Democrats in Kansas we're
hoping for this he's a lightning rod
there and
he's gonna have trouble winning just on
you know there's just been so much about
immigration voter fraud and he you know
worked on the voter fraud commission
that the president had he had the headed
that up there's gonna be there's so much
negative about Chris Kobach in the state
it's gonna be time for my notes on that
voter fraud Commission oh it went
nowhere
it wasn't longish by the judge to go
back to learn the law in that case did
you know that the voter fraud commission
a fraud hey there are Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
