joining us now in New York national
editor of the cook Political Report Amy
Walter and national political
correspondent for NBC News and MSNBC
Steve Bernanke his new book is the red
and the blue the 1990s and the there's
some noises of approval let's look at
Tennessee first we mentioned it come in
if we can put that poll up here guys the
Tennessee Senate poll marsha blackburn
in a statistical tie with Phil Bredesen
47:44 is her lead there Steve I
mentioned there was a New York Times
poll a few days ago or last week that
had the spread at 14 points for
Blackburn what's going on in Tennessee
well the time link for that particular
poll is particularly long it's a little
different than what you see but we've
seen four polls now I think basically
this month in Tennessee it's been
Blackburn by five Blackburn by eight
Blackburn by fourteen now Blackburn by
three so tough to say if this shows you
know you take the 14 and take the three
and say something majors happen or we
can say I think that over the summer
what we were typically seeing in this
race was Britain's personal popularity
was trumping his party label so to speak
in Tennessee and I think since they're
in Cavanaugh maybe that was the event
maybe it was just inevitable but since
around the start of this month I think
we have seen this trend towards what
you'd call political gravity and
Tennessee asserting itself you know
bredesen would rather see it three than
14 obviously but it's still Tennessee
but you know Amy this was never a
14-point race most like I mean sometimes
those polls just happen you go into the
field you get a certain as you know
better than anybody but this was never a
14-point race bredesen one of the most
popular governors even retired governors
in all of America this guy sitting in
the 60s chances are good this one's
going to be tight to the end right it
could be but I do agree with what Steve
saying is it does seem like in so many
of these Senate races where it looked
like Democrats may have a shot to pick
off some of these very red states either
because they had a fantastic candidate
or in a place like Arizona where it
like maybe the Republicans would get
into a really nasty primary fight that
didn't happen and what we're seeing is
the political gravity start to come into
play here that red states are behaving
like red states and blue states are
behaving like blue states so what it
seems like we're where we are right now
two weeks before the election is that
the the Senate map and the House map
both seem to be sort of closing in which
is the ceiling now for Democratic gains
seems to be dropping and you're right I
don't know if this is about this is
Cavanagh that just pushed this up or
whether this was going to happen anyway
coming into October but I do think that
we are looking at a map now for
Democrats that's looking at a lot
tougher in the Senate which it most
likely was always going to be unless
something good happen but you know if
something definitely bad happened
yesterday for Democrats in North Dakota
and just curious what you all think
about Heidi Heitkamp who's already on
the defense of the report that she used
sexual assault survivors in her campaign
ads without getting their permission I'm
wondering if that's a race of Democrats
should just write off at this point yeah
I mean it looks like we've been saying
North Dakota the single toughest seat
for Democrats to hold the most recent
polling it is a little dated that we've
seen out of North Dakota but right
before the Kavanagh a vote what already
showed a double-digit deficit for
Heitkamp so if you think the politics of
voting against Kavanagh might cut
against her ultimately in North Dakota
that might have hurt her since then this
new controversy I think would it would
certainly make that worse in a guy I
think the story for the Senate there's a
lot of different ways to kind of carve
up the map and look at it but I think
basically if you want the Democrats to
be in the game just to have a chance to
take the Senate theoretically they got
to win one of three at a very basic
level it's either North Dakota or
Tennessee or Texas if you can win one of
those you can be in the game elsewhere
to potentially put the math together but
if you get wiped out in those three I
really don't see it and North Dakota is
looking already was not looking good for
them yeah that's right
well right now I'm sure Democrats are
keeping their eyes on Tennessee
especially after this
last night despite the latest round of
polling let's go to Florida boy what
what a tight race this is going to be
talk about going down to the very end
this has been this is one of those races
like North Carolina was back in 2014 in
the margin of error for a year and a me
this thing still in the margin of error
it's just it's all gonna come down to
voter turnout the state of Florida yeah
that race is never gonna break and you
know we notice in Florida is that
whatever the mood is in the country at
that moment you know when you can feel a
breeze where one party is sort of has
the advantage that's where I think
you're gonna see the race tip at the
very end the other thing that could help
bill Nelson is the fact that the
Democrats gubernatorial candidate is
doing particularly well and can pull out
a whole lot of those votes that bill
Nelson probably wouldn't be getting but
look rick Scott has been on TV a lot it
yeah when you're in the middle of a
national emergency you get your so near
the governor you get yourself a whole
lot of media attention in this case some
pretty good media attention so I think
this thing sticks right into the end and
then what we're gonna feel that breeze
on election night and I think that's
what ends up tipping it Steve I want to
show you generic value congressional
ballot that shows 49-42 for the
Democrats and what's interesting about
it is unchanged since September the 19th
which is pre Kavanaugh there was this
feeling that Cavanaugh was gonna
energize one side or the other it
doesn't look like Cavanaugh has had the
effect we thought it might yeah I think
there's a couple different ways to look
at it I mean you could make an argument
that Cavanaugh has motivated both sides
and then if you look at these
battleground House districts where
Democrats are trying to flip Republican
seats that are right in the suburbs you
know maybe this is further energized
Democrats in those places and then you
look at a Tennessee or in North Dakota a
red state it might cut the other way the
I just would point out the other thing
in that poll though that Fox News poll
is it has Trump's approval rating
jumping the 47% and that is the highest
he's been in a long time if you looked
this morning at the average Trump
approval rating all the polls put
together he's at his highest level since
the first week of June
now of course the thing with Trump's
approval rating is it seems every time
he reaches one of these Peaks it crashes
a couple weeks later if this thing were
to crash a couple points between now and
Election Day I think it scrambles things
but right now that approval rating is
getting close to where Republicans said
maybe gives us an outside shot at doing
better on election day than people have
been saying what's your theory on the
Cavanaugh effect Phil Bredesen
just yesterday in fact came unreadable
on he's glad it turned out the way did
that's the Democrat running inside let's
listen to what he said yesterday I tried
to look at it primarily from the stand
point but I thought this person was
qualified for the job I didn't think
that dr. Ford was certainly was
believable and in the end I didn't think
the weight of the evidence was there to
really to where they say that's enough
to overturn the president's choice I
thought it through carefully I've always
admired senators like from the other
party John McCain or a willing to think
things through on their own and not just
follow the party line on things and I
thought that was the right call that's
Phil Bredesen again the Democrat running
in a red stay is a very popular governor
that's safe the mayor of Nashville but
he's got to keep Cavanaugh close well I
think going back to Steve's point what
Democrats were hoping in these red
states was a couple of things were going
to happen
number one the president was going to be
much more unpopular and there was going
to be an enthusiasm lag for Republicans
the second was they're going to be able
to make this check-and-balance case
right
I'm not against the president I think
he's doing fine but in places where I
think he's not doing good for my state
I'm gonna let him know what's what and
that was going to have an appeal now
when you have the president's approval
rating 44 or 45 percent it makes it much
harder for that argument to stick and so
I think overall what the Cavanaugh event
really did was bring things back to sort
of their traditional political color
right if you're red you're red if you're
blue you're blue and I do think it is
interesting though that as the
president's approval rating has gone up
we still aren't seeing the
generic ballot get right worse right so
the president's proofreading has gone up
in some in some of these polls like the
Washington Post poll what happened was
the reason for his rise was all
Republicans and the number that I'm
spending a lot of time looking at is
where independence said and in all of
these polls that have come out recently
gallup washington post independence
still some wonder forty thirty five
forty percent approval rating of the
president that is not where you want to
be if you're in an actual swing state
yeah and you know heidi going back to
the tennessee poll for a second talking
about people coming home to their party
Bredesen is interesting the poll that
came out the New York Times Hannah poll
that came out that showed him down by
what fourteen fifteen sixteen points
that was right after the the Supreme
Court fight right after he said he would
have supported Cavanaugh and you got a
reaction against him at the time not
only from from voters but also from a
lot of progressives nationwide saying
well if he's gonna support Brett
Kavanaugh well why do we want to support
him a week later you know what it's
looking like a pretty good deal compared
to Marsha Blackburn for a lot of
progressives across the country for a
lot of Democrats in Tennessee that that
just may be Democrats coming home that's
right and I think it's gonna be hard to
dent that Democratic enthusiasm that has
been there from the start so what we're
seeing now like what Steve and Amy are
saying is that the Republicans simply
have closed some of that gap but that is
my question in looking at all of these
polls Joe is that the polling measures
preference for candidates but it doesn't
measure enthusiasm and like we said the
Democrats have had that advantage the
Republicans have closed it somewhat but
my question to you guys is the Democrats
still have that advantage so how much is
that worth in some of these races where
it is so close
given that the polls don't really
measure the fact that Democrats still
remain more enthusiastic than
Republicans yeah well I mean in this new
poll they do ask a question about are
you more motivated now compared
normal election and there was over the
summer a pretty big imbalance there
between the parties in this new poll
that's evening out a little bit so I do
think that's been the story of October
in terms of what these dynamics we're
talking about the Democrats have been up
here since Trump got elected the
Republicans have been like here they've
ticked up to like here over the last few
weeks and the question to me the
variable is did they stay here or does
it come back down to where it was if it
comes back down to where it was that big
trouble for a Republican election day or
I let you go and East even listed three
states the Democrats would like to
control North Dakota looks like it's
drifting away Tennessee they can't they
can't win control of the Senate without
it the real question in my mind is
what's gonna happen in Arizona Nevada
two states that they absolutely had
thought they had believed that they were
going to be able to win to hold down any
losses
Amy Steve thank you both good to see we
want to mention this weekend Steve will
be taking part in politican at the Los
Angeles Convention Center where NBC News
and MSNBC will be holding panels film
events and much more you can find more
information at politican dot-com and all
the Kornacki groupies will be out in
full force in LA I should say I'm not
actually gonna be that I'm gonna be
there on video oh you're on video but I
hope they come anyway we'll be with
these are gonna stay home now you
shouldn't said that all right Jamie
thanks a lot still add Jamal khashoggi
has not been seen since October 2nd and
last night the Washington Post published
the last column he wrote before his
disappearance and alleged murder we will
talk to his editor about his final piece
next on Morning Joe thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
