Republican congressman Chris Collins
from the state of New York has been
arrested you hear what I said arrested
by the FBI on charges of securities
fraud related to insider trading Collins
surrendered to federal authorities this
morning
and is expected to in court later today
Chris Collins was the first member of
Congress to endorse and acted as the
congressional liaison to the Trump
presidential transition team back in
2017 we've got a lot more to cover on
this I want to want to go to Matt Miller
first Matt obviously this story is just
breaking now but stunning this isn't
just being questioned
I mean gonna rest it that's a very big
deal it's a very big deal you very
rarely see this where the FBI is able to
move in on a member of Congress and
arrest them you know oftentimes you'll
see them indicted but to be arrested
leads you to believe that there was
something of some reason that they were
worried you might destroy evidence or
something and they had to you know to
arrest him rather than indict him and
let him let him turn himself in you know
to connect a couple of the stories we've
been talking about here the Manafort
trial and the congressional election
last night one of the opportunities I
think Democrats really have is to run on
this culture of corruption in Washington
in the Republican Party where you have
an administration that stalked with
people from the President on down you
know through his cabinet people like
Wilbur Ross and Ryan Zinke and
Republican members of the House who are
just unaccountable or acting like
they're unaccountable to anything you
have a president that interferes with
law enforcement and November really is
the chance for people who don't like
what's happening in Washington to serve
as a check on that kind of unbridled
corruption but let's just walk through
this one of the things that presidential
ran and won on and when we watch his
rallies now we continue to hear the
chant drain the swamp this is the swampy
'us
of the swamp if we're talking insider
trading this is a member of the
government who is able to use his
position to influence regulation on a
company that he was able to trade the
stock of what Caitlyn fundamentally
swampy right and because you know Chris
Collins we've all talked to him many
times he was an early supporter of the
president very supportive of him
throughout
Trump of course as he does with most
people who support him who were then
caught up in legal messes tries to act
like they are you know coffee boys or
people who are insignificant to Matt's
point about about the culture of
corruption in 2006 Democrats did run on
their own kind of anti swamp during the
swamp campaign they're bringing that
back in some campaigns and I think Matt
is right to point out that the
aggregation of all of this gives
Democrats something to run against
that's not just Trump focused but
focused on kind of the whole Washington
established terrain the swamp let's
remember the indictment relates to
securities of innate immunotherapy UNIX
an Australian biotech company in which
the Board of Directors Chris Collins sat
on your take I will tell you two things
one is that a lot will depend on how
Donald Trump reacts if he takes it
personally and lashes out or if he lets
it go and I remember talking to Chris
Collins before one of the debates and he
was a very very staunch defender of
Donald Trump not releasing his taxes
because he said as a fellow businessman
as a successful businessman if that
information gets out there it could
cause his competitors to have an unfair
advantage so Chris Collins is on the
record as saying no one should be
looking at famous elected officials
personal finances hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
