joining us now editor of commentary
magazine columnist at the New York Post
and contributing editor at the Weekly
Standard John padorin and columnist for
The Washington Post Karen Tumulty join
us we'll get to your columns in just a
moment but first several talk top tech
companies have recently limited Alex
Jones from spreading his conspiracy
theories online but not Twitter
in fact Jack Dorsey Twitter's co-founder
and chief executive says it's up to
reporters to police Jones's claims
posting quote accounts like Jones's can
often sensationalize issues and spread
unsubstantiated rumors so it's critical
journalists document validate and refute
such information directly so people can
form their own opinions this is what
serves the public conversation fest
several journalists then posted screen
grabs of them doing just that offering
hard factual reporting to contradict
Jones's false claims only to face more
skepticism and attacks from Jones's
supporters this Jo is it's a
long-running controversy about what a
platform is is it a publisher or not and
can they completely separate themselves
from any responsibility well no they
can't and they're the ones that are
publishing the lies and Jack Dorsey's
defense is is pretty remarkable John
Fedor it's when you have Infowars
founder spreading lies that actually
endanger the lives of Sandy Hook parents
and he's sitting there going well it's
not really up to us to determine whether
these are actors who were pretending
that they're six and seven-year-old
children's bodies were riddled with
bullets on the Friday before Christmas
vacation that's really up to journalists
to figure that out I don't understand
I mean David French said you know if
it's slander if it's a lie then isn't
that the best measure of whether you
publish
or not okay so this goes directly to the
heart of corporate strategy of social
media companies right so there is a
provision in the law and has been
governing this for two decades that
basically treats information that
travels over the internet as though it
is a it is a letter inside an envelope
and Twitter and Facebook and your email
companies and all of that are held
harmless by the law because they're like
the Postal Service they're not
responsible for what's inside the
envelope right that's the that's the
legal theory it's not legal theory it's
how it's how the law works now
that is unsustainable because it is not
the case that Twitter and Facebook are
simply delivering mail from one person
to another these are public free access
sites and I think there is going to be
an enormous amount of pressure over the
next couple of years to compel these
companies to there or a change in the
law that says that they are not harmless
for the information that is that is
pervade on their site now I think there
are and you know John they actually
profit from spreading lies from from
spreading slander and if any public
figure tries to speak out against it
then that generates more hate which of
course generates more traffic which
benefits Twitter even more Jeff
Greenfield wrote this after Twitter said
we strongly believe Twitter should not
be the arbiter of the truth Jeff
Greenfield responded so if someone
tweets that Jack Dorsey presides over
satanic child rape slaughters at Twitter
headquarters you don't know how to be
the arbiter of that truth calling Sandy
Hook a fake is not a viewpoint for God's
sake and and Karen you have the same
person talking about how Robert Muller
is it
the middle of a child kidnapping rain
that again there's absolutely no defense
for any of this speech it's slander and
it I don't understand why Twitter's
dragging their feet here well I think
that corporations are struggling to sort
of figure out what's the line between
speech that is offensive and speech that
is actually harmful and you know it is a
difficult thing in a you know the free
speech now corporations are not found
the way the government is to respect
freedom of speech well Karen just to
step in here though how difficult is it
to figure out whether whether it's
slanderous and whether it's acceptable
or not to spread rumors that that led to
pizza gate that led to the shooting at
pizza gate are that Sandy Hook parents
are just actors and actresses who are
now having to actually move from one
place to another to another because the
hatred spread on Twitter and other sites
are actually leading them to fear for
their lives well my own opinion is that
Alex Jones has definitely crossed that
line and the the issue for Twitter is
going to be you know potentially this
may be something that ends up getting
settled in court and costing them a lot
of money but it you know it's a business
decision and the fact that so many other
social media platforms see it so clearly
you know I I don't know what is going on
in Twitter's business model where they
think that this is like a good idea
can I just yeah I mean because of it if
it's a bad idea I mean if Twitter is
supposed to mediate its good with the
comments Twitter's an unsustainable
business I mean God knows I mean 510
million tweets a day every every one of
them under an editorial policy would
have to have an eye cast on it by a
Twitter employee to approve it before it
goes up that is not any way that that
company can can manage so no part of the
counter-argument to this is that if you
take Kate speech we're talking about
libel
slander and even harassment but if you
take this as hate speech that social
media companies like Facebook YouTube
and Twitter should not be in the
position of determining what is hateful
and speech and thereby putting people
out of the public square who whose
worldview they disagree with no Alex
Jones may be a unique case but the
precedent of their deciding that could
be problematic yeah and then you'd have
to define what can what is hate speech
and they've rather in the UK where they
don't have a First Amendment you can be
prosecuted for things that you post on
social media that run afoul of certain
guidelines and the extent to which you
could punish people I do not understand
the impulse among journalists to say why
doesn't Twitter police this speech we
don't want to have to do this this is
ridiculous I don't want to have to
address this why not my my impulse is
always to say that the cure for the ills
of free expression is always more free
expression the extent to which we are
shutting this down creating a taboo
around it isn't healthy it's not gonna
make it go away and Jones isn't a new
phenomenon here he was a 9/11 truther
did anybody not relish debunking 9/11
truth conspiracies no that's the job
everybody likes doing this I don't
understand why there's a reticence to
engage this guy he's a target ya know
there's a line
John pidor 'it's moving now to your
column you're right in the New York Post
that there may be something behind
president Trump's blame the media blitz
talk about it okay so my view is when
you know last week as the the heat Trump
turn up the heat on the media horrible
people enemy of the people you know all
of that that it seemed weird because he
had so much good news to bandy about
right 4.1 percent growth 3.9 percent
unemployment this is what you want to
talk about on the campaign trail or a
normal politician would probably want to
talk about is trumpeting successes and
saying vote for my people so we can keep
this going and that was not where all
the energy was so I'm wondering whether
somewhere in the back of his mind or
even as a possible deliberate White
House strategy the idea now is to a stet
that that he is establishing the
predicate for the reason that
Republicans lose the house in November
which is to say the fake news
the fake news made me lose and that you
know if you think about it when in 2016
when he kept refusing to say that he
would abide by the results of the
election because the election was rigged
this is a new way of saying the election
he can't say the elections rigged
because Republicans run most of the
electoral processes in the United States
and the states and he's the president
and they have the house in the Senate so
he's got to have another reason why he
lost the exogenous reason that he can
blame and it's the media this is vintage
Trump I mean Karen will get to your
piece in just a moment but from our
knowledge of his personality and the way
he thinks I don't think this is White
House strategy this is just what Trump
does this is his sweet spot well he also
was just a master of distraction and the
media is one of his favorite ways of
doing that and in part I mean I fought
the media here because we essentially
swing at every pitch he throws over the
plate here so it is also a way of
turning the conversation from places
that he doesn't want it to be that's
actually a great baseball metaphor it's
like you're watching your favorite team
and watching you're a batter swing it
one low but an outside pitch after
another and that's that is what the
media's been doing for the first 18
months of the administration every tweet
is breaking news every insult is a
screaming a headline that's exactly what
he wants what he doesn't want Karen is
he doesn't want Americans read stories
about what you say Trump Republicans
should be worried about which is again
the reason I got in to Congress in 1994
was about the rising deficit the rising
debt it was at four trillion dollars
then it's at 21 trillion dollars now and
Trump is spending a biggest spending
bill ever passed by this Republican
Congress because of Donald Trump and
it's really I mean Trump also by the way
ran on the promise that he would not
only reduce but that he would pay
off the national debt he's going exactly
the opposite direction and it's really
surprising how few conservatives are are
even willing to talk about the fact that
you know the receipts to the government
have gone down drastically thanks to tax
cuts that spending is growing the Trump
has taken entitlements completely off
the table and now Republicans are
talking about a second round of tax cuts
all of this is ballooning the deficit to
levels that we have never seen in a time
of prosperity deficits usually go down
when the economy is doing well John
we've got to talk about mission
impossible in just a second but first
since we've exhausted our analysis this
morning over almost three hours of Ohio
what's yours what happened last night
what happened last night is the
Republicans lost the house I mean as say
there are 23 seats yeah Democrats in 20
seats there are 24 seats that have
Republican Congressmen that Hillary
Clinton won right the one that's CD in
2016 if any of them has a remotely
credible candidate the Democrat wins
under these under these the thing that
we saw last night is Democrats up ten
percent Republicans down ten percent so
no one survives that and with
Republicans in the president with their
foot on the gas in that district trying
to push him over the top okay mission
impossible your review you write one of
the most astounding action-adventure
pictures ever the most entertaining
picture of the year based almost solely
on your review I took my kids to see it
and I agree empowered or who needs to
support trust content from John
backwards I I wasn't expecting to feel
this way about the movie like I I find
I've been very mad on most of the this
is the sixth Mission Impossible first
ones good second was lousy so everyone's
okay force was kind of fun
fifth was okay this just knocked me out
of the back of the theater like I you
know and forget the plot we were
discussing this you can't understand the
plot
try to follow the watch and Tom Cruise
still has it
so good don't you agree Mika I don't get
John know I just know my doctors I did
about this I'd go not into all this
stuff here into multi thank you very
much thank you both
coming up president Trump has recently
praised Saudi Arabia's leadership and
hammered Canada's hmm
now those two countries are locked in a
growing diplomatic dispute will the u.s.
take sides the president might but will
the u.s. there are two separate things
there that's all next time Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
