President Trump again making it a point
of attacking prominent black Americans
he's just impugning the intelligence of
LeBron James and Don Lemon which echoes
the way he singled out the IQ of
congresswoman Maxine Waters or the
academic credentials of Barack Obama
attacks that come on the anniversary of
the Charlottesville white power rallies
that Trump partially defended now
tonight we have a special conversation
with two political analysts with some
opposing views on Trump's approach to
race a celebrated progressive academic
and a conservative activist who's been
hailed by the President himself
Donald Trump's views and rhetoric on
race we should note are not original the
Manhattan media mogul is known more for
echoing other cultural warriors than
writing his own lines it goes well
beyond the Reagan slogan make America
great again we should know Trump echoes
former Nixon aide Pat Buchanan who ran
on a platform of taking back the culture
from immigrants and minorities block by
block my friends we must take back our
cities and take back our culture and
take back our country is that a coded
racial appeal Donald Trump argued yes at
least when his political ambition
required competing with Buchanan you
know back in 2000 one of the many times
that Trump flirted with running for
president they were up against each
other for a nomination on the Reform
Party ticket and Trump blasted Buchanan
as a bigot he's a Hitler lover I guess
he's an anti-semite he doesn't like the
blacks he doesn't like the gays it's
just incredible that anybody could
embrace this guy his use is so far off
and what he wrote in his book is so bad
anti-semitic anti-black anti-gay those
are some of the very terms Trump's
critics now use against him and within a
decade of saying that it was Trump who
invoked racist birtherism to attack the
first black president and then found a
lot of fuel in stealing Buchanan's lines
rather than calling him anti black
anymore so before we begin take a look
at the receipts hundreds and thousands
every single night walk across that
border into the United States of America
ignoring our laws ignoring our border
illegal immigrants pouring into our
country bringing with them crime
tremendous amounts of crime today we
call for a new patriotism where
Americans begin to put the needs of
Americans first
we are finally putting America first for
tonight's discussion we're joined by
conservative activist Candace Owens
she's with Turning Point USA and she
argues African Americans are doing
better under the trump presidency she's
drawn praise for the way she thinks from
none other than Kanye West who has
praised Trump well the president also
hailed her impact and contribution to
this dialogue on the other side we have
Georgetown professor Michael Eric Dyson
a nationally recognized expert on civil
rights who argues Trump is embolden
Apprentice is the author of 21 books
including what truth sounds like thank
you both for doing this discussion thank
you for having us Candace when you look
at that rhetoric and you look at what
appears to be a shift in the way Donald
Trump talks do you think he is embracing
a type of racial division that is
problematic for us to operate as a civil
society well the first thing that I look
at is the date of the tapes it's
remarkable that we are pulling tapes
you've gone into the archives and we're
looking at the year 2000 I think people
are entitled to evolve their thoughts
over 18 years the second thing that I
think is quite remarkable here is that
we're talking about racial division and
what so is racial division I think the
fact that every time I'm invited onto
this network I'm being asked to dispute
another black person the black community
is broken up in general and I don't want
to partake in any of that where
just ending a weekend where 71 black
people were shot in Chicago 13 of them
killed and we're not talking about that
instead we're talking about we're gonna
talk about all that you have a problem
no we're not I have a problem that we're
doing Walter you know I don't Candace
you have a problem I do your people in
the second release saying to him that we
should both decline tearing apart the
black community for the sake of
television and because MSNBC always
invites me on to do that I'm declining
to do so when our community is mourning
the 71 people that were shot over the
weekend we need to stop this warfare and
come together and talk about things that
matter what is going on in Chicago
it's a bigger topic and should be a
bigger topic on this network than what
Trump said 18 years ago whether or not
it means that people change over 18
years which shocker guys they do well
I'm gonna have the professor respond but
I have to respond on behalf of myself
you knew what you were invited to
discuss and we're happy you're here it's
very important to me in this show that
we have these conversations and invite a
lot of people of all perspectives if
there's a problem with that I think you
knew what the invite was to begin with
professor Tyson your thoughts well look
we're dealing with a person who has not
only radically emboldened the prospects
of bigotry in this country the resurgent
recrudescence hate that he has
articulated if you can't beat him coin
him so he opposes Pat Buchanan on the
one hand when it's to his own political
advantage and then subsequently when the
real beliefs emerge from mr. Trump we
see that his vicious animus toward black
people gay people Mexicans Muslims women
and the like is the kind of cornucopia
of hate that has been brashley
articulated by a man of manifest lack of
serious coherence chaotic intelligence
and the lack of an ability to really
express himself by not only pulling upon
the strands of history but refusing to
take into consideration what's going on
today so I think in one sense if we're
going to talk about what if we're gonna
be honest about Donald Trump he has not
helped black people he has not enabled
african-american people to move forward
he's riding an a quest and a wave of
economic prosperity put in place by his
predecessor Barack Obama he has refused
to acknowledge the centrality of police
brutality and
unarmed black people being assaulted by
people in this country so the reality is
is that Donald Trump while claiming
through rhetoric to be for the blacks
what he has done is undermined the
capacity of African American people to
exist in the country where it's not only
about the economic facts and the
wherewithal that we contend with it is
about the tone it is about the rhetoric
it is about the atmosphere that has been
unleashed here and Donald Trump has done
something very dangerous and destructive
he can't see the difference between an
anti-fascist and a person who supports
it he can't see the difference between
somebody who's against black people and
who is for them so when he draws false
equivalencies between both sides he
negates the ability to say look I
believe in rational civil discourse in
America
but I take aside morally and politically
we are here we are 53 years past the
Voting Rights Act we've seen the
resurgence of an attempt to nullify and
destroy that black vote we've seen
attempts to somehow circum you know
circumnavigate a round of black
political citizenry and agency so all
I'm saying is if we're concerned about
black people we got to be concerned
about poverty inequality lack of access
to education plus the kinds of sorts of
violence that we see directed to our
black people in this conversation sorts
of violence has being directed towards
black people and my black I'm curious if
I'm black because I'm a black
conservative and I am not hearing
anything that is said about the fact
that about 25 white Democrats assembled
to kick me out of a restaurant yesterday
to throw water and to throw eggs at me
because I am a conservative that
supports Donald Trump the very issue
Donald Trump okay very seeing Donald
Trump that has not Obama Obama did not
do this because a president Trump has
been slashing regulations and it has
brought this economy to a place it has
never been at okay we have unemployment
that's an all-time low for both women
you brought up women you brought up keys
you brought up black people unemployment
is at an all-time low across the board
you guys to refuse to acknowledge the
truth that we are doing better you want
to talk about fascist and Tifa attacked
me this is in all
gang and attacked me and attacked an
all-black police force in Philadelphia
okay and they claim to be fighting
racism how is it plausible professor
that you allow this to happen to your
community because you've decided that
because we are ideologically
conservatives you are okay with this
you're okay with the resurgence of the
Democrats or why
don't don't cut me artists or you just
said a lot of words no no it's County I
said nothing about you now your concept
nothing about you five minutes straight
conservatives and you guys say nothing
about it blacks were attacks against
certain okay and they were attacked
because they support Donald Trump black
support Donald Trump has double since
this time last year you guys can try to
pretend that he is pushing in a racist
error in this country when in fact we
know the Democrats are the racists have
always been the racist the party's never
straight to switched and you should know
this as a civil rights person you know
the history you know he never switched
our community being attacked because we
support Donald Trump because we
understand that we have better economic
opportunities under him than we ever had
an Obama under his administration he
allowed the bloodshed and trauma disease
in the National Guard and the Democrats
stopped him Candace we're gonna have to
take a pause there couple things you're
making a personal attack on the other
guests so I have to give them a chance
to respond let me let me respond first
you know and professor I'm gonna go back
to you I was up this day the topic of
this discussion that we have tried and
perhaps are failing on live television
to discuss is Trump policy the incident
that you're referring to yesterday isn't
is not necessarily this topic to gather
more information
professor first of all I never said
anything about missiles I've never
directed any animus any particularly
rhetoric any any conversation to order
so first of all once you say you allowed
it first of all I'm not God I don't
control the universe or whether I don't
control the atmosphere of geology or
geography so I did that point these
people toward you
I think it's reprehensible that any
human being is if you will put out of a
particular establishment because of her
ideology I think that that's problematic
so I did not suggest that number two
yeah you are black and I am black but
that doesn't mean that automatically we
agree with everything of course not what
I'm saying to you is that when you talk
about me as disrespectful that here's
here's what's interesting to me you have
come on here and articulation happens to
happens to you
hey I'm re Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
