from insiders tell Axios that they
believe the president will wind up
giving an interview to Muller because he
just can't help himself quote there for
more I'm joined by Jonathan Swan
national political reporter for Axios
and you me shall cinder White House
correspondent for PBS for the PBS
Newshour Jonathan I understand you just
spoke with Rudy Giuliani what is the
latest you're hearing from him I spoke
to Mad Giuliani a couple of hours ago
and they won't get the letter out to
robert muller today but likely tomorrow
there are two areas in which they have
major concerns they don't want Trump to
be asked questions about why he fired
James Comey and they don't want Trump to
be asked questions about the
conversation he had with James Comey
regarding Michael Flynn when Comey says
that Trump told him to if he could find
a way to see that that he doesn't
investigate Flynn Rudy Giuliani
considers both of those questions a
perjury trap and he says that Trump has
answered them you know in public and in
other places so it doesn't want him to
go under oath to answer them but besides
that it sounds like they're not ruling
out answering questions that relate to
obstruction of justice in other there
they're not putting like a hard you know
hard and fast rule about no questions
surrounding obstruction of justice but
those are obviously two of the pretty
substantial when you talk about
obstruction of justice those are two
fairly central you know stories that
would have to be reconciled so anyway
we're still at an impasse they're still
debating arguing but Trump wants to do
the interview and again we whenever we
talk to people who've spoken to the
president they say that he's eager to
sit down with him so the question is can
his lawyers you know restrain him from
doing that I don't know it's a it's a
fascinating dynamic in terms of what
Muller what the special counsel what his
team might think of this what's your
sense of that if the offer from the
president's team is sure go ahead and
talk to him don't talk to him about
firing Comey don't talk to him about the
conversation with Comey I think that's a
you think that's anything that Muller
would be willing to
with well I think it's really it I think
we're still trying to figure out whether
or not that's something that they would
do I've talked to really Giuliani myself
as well and he vacillates every day from
the president is more likely to sit down
with Muller to saying oh you know what
today is not feeling as though he's he's
gonna be able to sit down and that's
minun because in his conversations with
robert Muller's team he's starting to
feel as though he doesn't want he's
getting nervous essentially the
president I think everyone a lot of
reporters of reporters I've talked to
people the the president wants to clear
his name he feels as though he can get
in the room he can sit down he can talk
to robert muller this is a president who
has gone with his gut who really
understands how to work a room but rudy
giuliani and other in the president's
other lawyers are very worried about
whether or not mother's gonna stick to
those things it's it's a central
question of whether or not he fired
James Comey to stop the the mother and
the mother probe and there's this idea
I'm sorry stop the the look in looking
into Russia and looking into the
connections with Russia I'm in his
campaign so I think there's this idea
that if he if he says that he's not
gonna ask him about why did you fire
James Comey that's a key question
I'm Andy I think it'd be hard to say
whether or not Robert mother is actually
gonna say yes I won't ask you that
question because isn't that the question
that everybody wants to know isn't that
also what what Lester Holt acts the
president and and why he's he got into
so much trouble in the first place well
Senator Lindsey Graham who golfed with
the president over the weekend told a
room of Republicans last night that he
warned President Trump that ending the
Moller investigation would jeopardize
the party's chances in November Graham
the South Carolina Republican was asked
by an audience member if he was willing
to end the probe here's that exchange
why don't the two of you step up and
stop the Muller investigation
well did Trump asked that question
he wants to mention that about 20 times
I told the president I know you don't
like it I know you feel put upon you
just got to ride it out I want to win in
November if we stop the Muller probe
tomorrow you wouldn't be able to talk
about anything else well Jonathan I
wonder if you could talk a little bit
more about this dynamic of the president
how much this is on his mind
how intent he is on at least potentially
sitting down if he gets the chance with
Muller and sharing his side of the story
if Giuliani were to craft some kind of a
deal some kind of an arrangement with
Muller and okay you get the president
but X is off limits he is Giuliani
worried do you pick up on it at all that
hey if you throw Trump in there all bets
are off when it comes to whatever deal
you strike I had that from Rudy
Giuliani's mouth but it would be
irrational of him not to be worried
about that
once all the president's advisors if you
get them privately and talk to them they
all know that once you start talking to
Trump once you get him rolling anything
could come out of his mouth and frankly
that's why as a reporter some of the
most effective interviewers of Trump are
actually the people who go in quite
gently throw him a few softballs get him
rolling and then start to ask some
really nice questions because again once
you get once he gets up a head of steam
he's not he doesn't respect guardrails
and there's not a lot of discipline in
terms of all well know we've discussed
beforehand that this is off limits it's
just as likely I could imagine if he's
in a room with mala and gets asked a
question that he will he'll take the
bait so I don't know for a fact that
Rudy Giuliani is worried about that but
it would be irrational of him not to be
it's almost the exact opposite you think
20 years ago Bill Clinton when the tapes
of his testimony came out he was so
precise so lawyerly so disciplined in
how he answered those some people said
too precise too disciplined so we got to
that whole meaning of the word is a bit
but he was certainly ready to what to
talk to lawyers you Miche that something
jumped out at me in that clip we just
showed of Lindsey Graham talking to
those Republicans the Republican
audience but when Graham says hated is
that Trump asking that question it
sounds like
Trump in his public rhetoric on molar on
the investigation he keeps call at the
witch hunt well that's a roomful of
Republicans there
it sounds like Trump has certainly
reached the base of his party with that
message well I want to say two things
first I talked to some lawyers who were
on the Clinton legal team and they said
the number one thing that they did was
to make sure that the print that
President Clinton wasn't worried about
the special investigation and wasn't
focused on that in this case Trump is
obviously completely obsessed with it
he's always talking about he's always
thinking about it but to your question
on whether or not this goes to
Republicans goals and whether or not
this might even help them in the
midterms the president is giving his his
base vocabulary that they can use to get
anger and end to and to really motivate
people this idea of witch-hunt this idea
of a hoax these are simple words that he
used much like crooked that he can then
tell people in very simple sentences
they're out to get me they're out to get
our goals to out to get the person that
you put your trust in which is President
Trump so I think there's this idea that
Republicans feel as though at least the
President does feels as though this
might actually help them in the midterms
and I have to say when I talk to the
Democrats out in the country yes they're
worried about the Russia investigation
but they're also worried about the
economy they're worried about all these
other things
so Russia sometimes get lot gets lost in
the shuffle
so president Trump could benefit from
the idea that people can't keep up with
all the kind of stories that are coming
out about Russia every day right and
that's interesting too because it is a
backdrop the a block on this show that
we just went through before this
Jonathan was about another piece of this
whole Russia story and that's a metaphor
in the trial that's that's going on
right now and again this is about man
afford his business dealings Trump's
name was mentioned today but this has
not been much about the campaign so far
that issue though of the ongoing manna
for trial when you talked to Giuliani
when you talked to Trump folks is that
something you get a sense they're
keeping a close eye on are they saying
anything about that they're keeping a
very close eye on it but the key
question that hasn't been answered and
that you know I think is the ultimate
question here is why did Paul Manafort
join that campaign and I've spoken to
people who worked at the camp on the
campaign and and worked you know with
with metaphor and they still some of
them still feel like they don't know the
answer to that question they've seen
that he came in works for no money was
in
REME amounts of debt beholden to
oligarchs and you know I still feel like
we don't know the answer to that and we
don't know what conversations still that
he had during that campaign so there is
a nervousness about metaphor but I'd say
if you're starting to create a hierarchy
of nervousness the Michael Cohen
situation was much higher on the anxiety
level than manifold I hear Michael
Cohen's name invoked far more often than
I hear Paul metaphors yeah that's
fascinating and again you meet just
quickly in terms of the the political
fallout here we're on the eve of midterm
elections we've got a special election
with polls closing any any minute now
yeah there's a special election
happening but to Jonathan's point when
it comes to is the president worried
about the mana for trial it has to be
nerve-racking for the president to watch
Rick Cates who was supposed to be seen
as so as Paul man affords Robin to his
Batman turn on him testify about him I
bet you he's also wondering whether or
not Michael Cohen could be that that to
him so I think there's this idea that he
that there's some real justification
when they see him when they see somebody
testifying about their old boss and
about the crimes they committed together
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
