the trial of Donald Trump's former
campaign chairman Paul Manafort has
entered its sixth day the star witness
Rick gates man affords one-time deputies
on the stand describing for the jury
exactly how he and men afford defrauded
the government Paul Manafort is on trial
for bank fraud tax evasion and other
crimes related to his dirty book of
business largely for pro-russian clients
it's a trial that is brought to the
surface mana for its lavish spending and
the inconvenient truth that he went to
work for Donald Trump for free at a time
that he was in debt and inextricably
linked to Russian oligarchs he worked
for mr. Trump at a time that the GOP
policy platform at the Republican
National Convention was changed for the
very first time in history to advance
policies supported by Russian President
Vladimir Putin the metaphor trial is
playing on a loop in donald trump's
white house along with coverage of the
continued fallout from the president's
tweet sunday in which he appeared to
throw his son Donald Trump jr. under the
bus for meeting with wait for it
Russians to get dirt on Hillary Clinton
these troubling story lines intersect
for the president at a time that he
finds himself under ever-increasing
pressure to sit for an interview with
special counsel robert muller the
Washington Post reporting quote Rudolph
Giuliani president Trump's lead attorney
for the ongoing Special Counsel
investigation said Monday that Trump's
legal team is planning to send a letter
to Special Counsel Robert Muller this
week the letter will largely rebuff
Muller's latest offer of a presidential
interview that would include questions
about possible obstruction of justice
here at the table for the hour MSNBC
contributor Steve Schmidt and Matt
Miller but first to react for the very
first time to the events weighing on
this president single threads different
threads I'm sorry of a single story
questions about Russians in contact with
people in the president's inner circle
former CIA director John Brennan
lucky for us now a senior national
security and intelligence analyst for
MSNBC and NBC News I understand now
sitting here today why Donald Trump a
week or so ago said don't believe what
you see don't believe what you hear on
the news channels because when you take
all these events just this week together
they
a very compromising position for this
president on the question of Russian
influence well I think that's right to
call and I think we've seen over the
course of the last two years basically
an effort on the part of mr. Trump and
others to try to inoculate public
perceptions of what actually happened
during the campaign first there were no
meetings then there were meetings but
they were focused on adoption they were
benign then they acknowledged that there
were meetings and there were some issues
that we discussed but now we're at the
point of them saying that well collusion
is not against the law so I think this
just reflects just this steady slide of
the Trump team to try to acknowledge
that some things happened but they
weren't wrong they weren't illegal
that's where it's up to the special
counsel and his team to uncover exactly
what happened the motivations for those
who went into those meetings and to come
to the conclusions that I think the
evidence will bring forth is there any
question in your mind about what the
motivations were for the people in the
meetings I mean the Trump Tower meeting
was attended by Natalia vessel Nets kaya
and and others who were known to be
close to the Kremlin when you first
heard about that meeting was there any
doubt in your mind about what the
motives were for that meeting well I
think anybody who would go into a
meeting like that with individuals who
were known to be associated with Russian
intelligence should have realized that
they were getting into some very very
deep in hot water what has come out and
the public reports of the last
year-and-a-half in terms of what the
anticipation was in terms of dirt on
Hillary Clinton and people eagerly
looking forward to that
I think there's no question certainly in
my mind that they thought they were
going to get something that was going to
assist the campaign effort of Donald
Trump did the American intelligence
community have real-time knowledge that
agents of the Kremlin like Natalia ves
on that skya were meeting with
representatives of the Trump campaign
including the president's son and
son-in-law and his campaign chairman
well I think obviously the call I'm not
going to tell you about what the
intelligence and
of course the capabilities were at that
time and may still be in terms of being
able to monitor these ongoing
developments but I must say the the FBI
and the US intelligence community know
the world's best in terms of being able
to detect and to then uncover sometimes
in real-time but often you are able to
determine exactly what happened by
putting together some bits and pieces of
data until you actually can see more of
the puzzle i I think I hear what you're
saying and and that's like this
president I respect the need to protect
sources and methods but I guess what I'm
trying to get at is one of Donald
Trump's attacks on the intelligence
community where you spent the vast
majority of your career and on law
enforcement which is both Asian both
both sides of those the CIA run by his
hand-picked appointees and before that
by a political supporter of his Mike
Pompeo the FBI now run by his
hand-picked nominee Christopher Rice he
attacks them constantly is it is it
should he have been warned by the FBI
that that there were Russian agents in
Trump Tower I mean with Trump sometimes
there's a kernel of something do you
know if there was enough information in
the possession of the US government that
then in hindsight maybe he should have
been warned well certainly the campaign
was giving given defensive briefings by
the FBI about what they should be aware
of and on the lookout for but if there
were ongoing investigations at the time
which Jim Comey and others have
acknowledged that in late July there
were those investigations were opened
it's very very difficult to reveal
details of an investigation while the
same time protecting the integrity of
that investigation so I know that Bureau
tried to balance their need to warn and
to advise the the two campaigns about
the potential for foreign interference
but at the same time continue to pull
those investigative threads and they
continue to pull them throughout the
course of the campaign and during the
period between Election Day inauguration
day and then subsequent to that what the
bureau has to be able to protect sources
and methods and be able to ensure that
there
Festa Gatien is going to be able to
continue and that was something that was
cherished and held dear by every
Democratic and Republican president
until this president was sworn in in
January of the beginning of his first
term so I wonder if you take that that
the FBI has to be able to preserve an
ongoing counterintelligence
investigation which which that was now
it's also a criminal investigation
I wonder if there's any regret or
remorse that all of these norms all
these law enforcement norms all of these
intelligence communities were preserved
and protected for a president who's
trampled over them well I think both law
enforcement intelligence professionals
take their responsibilities quite
seriously and they frequently will
encounter issues that are rather unique
and this was a unique one certainly in
my experience we never had during an
ongoing hotly contested presidential
campaign this type of foreign activity
as well as the type of activity that was
uncovered in terms of interactions
between people affiliated with a
campaign and these foreign actors so is
a very very difficult balance I'm sure
there are individuals who looking back
on it now say maybe we should have done
a little bit more of this or a little
bit less of that but trying to preserve
their ability to understand the facts
and not to in any way impugn individuals
reputations prematurely I think these
were some of the things that were of a
concern to the FBI and others and I
guess what I understand I give them
getting it is you were protecting the
presumption of innocent of people who
trampled all over the integrity of the
people who are protecting them so it
seems like now looking back at however
many months of the Trump administration
people were acting in a way that they
thought would be reciprocated in terms
of understanding the functions of the
American intelligence community and law
enforcement I do want to get to the
Manta for trial Jeremy bash on this
program once said that that it was
possible that there was the there was a
Russian plant there was somebody who was
who sought out employment on the Trump
campaign and we know that Paul Manafort
was in debt to Russian oligarchs we know
that
afford sought out the president's close
friend tom barrack and asked to get in
front of Trump we know that Paul
Manafort went in at a difficult time for
the campaign served as its chairman at a
time when the platform at the Republican
National Convention coincidentally
perhaps maybe it's Donald Trump's one
true intellectual impulse on foreign
policy which I don't think it's a
coincidence that happens to me about
Russia change to a pro Russia position
what do you make of the fact that Paul
Manafort while I understand this trial
is about financial crimes is one of the
first characters who could have been
perhaps planted there or placed there as
a Russian agent inside the Trump
campaign is that implausible to you no
it's not implausible I see so many
dimensions of how the Russians take
advantage of opportunities so many
elements of Russian tradecraft that
could be present here identifying
individuals who may have direct or
indirect access to centers of power
either current or future individuals who
have different types of vulnerabilities
whether it is financial vulnerabilities
or vulnerabilities as far as being prone
to to flattery and their ego needing to
be polished there are people who have
foreign business connections that could
be exploited opportunities to dangle a
business opportunities in front of them
and a lot of times individuals who may
have these weaknesses and these
vulnerabilities will seize upon it
sometimes they turn a blind eye to the
potential that it could be in fact a
ploy by a Russian intelligence element
but a lot of times people recognize that
there are vulnerabilities here in
themselves but still will pursue this
because they have tremendous financial
pressures upon them and I think what's
coming out in this case is that Paul
Manafort faced very very serious
financial problems and was seeking to
capitalize on them so I think the
special counsels team has done a good
job of what I've seen so far publicly in
terms of uncovering some of this
and rickets now is acknowledging his
role in this you know what I see this
the continued case evolve I keep
thinking about sort of those who are
affiliated with mr. Trump it's almost
like a pack of cars going down a highway
being pursued by law enforcement and
some of those cars have been pulled over
and have now cooperating with the
authorities the Mike Flynn's and George
papadopolis is and Rick gates there are
some of those cars then pulled over and
are still resisting arrest like Paul
Manafort and then there are the other
cars that are still in that highway
driving recklessly careening back and
forth bumping into guardrails they're
gonna crash they're gonna go off a cliff
or they're gonna be outmaneuvered by law
enforcement it's one of those they're
not going to get away about a white
Bronco here to mix metaphors Don Jr
largely thought to have been thrown
under the bus by his father who changed
his own story but they seemed to have a
strategy for avoiding avoiding maybe not
even impeachment but conviction in the
Senate so I guess the president isn't
worried about himself but he appeared to
throw his son under the bus when he said
Don Jr took a meeting with the Russians
it happens all the time Steve Schmidt is
here with me we've worked on a lot of
presidential campaigns you never meet
with a foreign government let alone a
for an adversary there are plenty of
allies who have ideas and suggestions
and information you never take the
meeting you don't meet with the UK you
don't meet with the Israelis you don't
meet with our friends you never ever
ever correspond with American
adversaries so so what do you think
Trump's doing by saying hey Don Jr met
with Russians to get dirt on Hillary
Clinton do you think it's it's sort of
trying to signal the same kind of
defense he's got for himself collusion
isn't a crime or do you think he really
doesn't understand that his son could be
in serious legal jeopardy for conspiracy
I think it's both I think he believes
that he can convince his base and
supporters that there was no crime here
and trying to explain it away but also I
think he has an exaggerated sense of his
ability to navigate these legal shoals
and I think he has done a lot of damage
to his legal defense and his his son's
legal defense and I'm sure some of the
lawyers that are trying to defend mr.
Trump and others the real lawyers not
the rudy giuliani's but the others are
rolling their eyes and are very
concerned about all of the things that
mr. Trump continues to either tweet or
to
say that it's complicating and making
their jobs much more difficult let me
ask you something else about Russians
because they seem to be popping up
everywhere and it's always Russians
Maria boo Tina who had infiltrated a
brush inspired infiltrated the NRA which
may seem a little off topic but it's
really not this is about Russians
manipulating the powers the levers of
power and Republican politics are you
alarmed to see the Russians being
emboldened or are we getting better at
catching them well it may be a little
bit of both Russian intelligence
activities the United States I think
spans the spectrum from very
sophisticated exquisite intelligence
operations that are really difficult to
detect and uncover to maybe some of the
more entrepreneurial efforts on the part
of those who may be working directly or
indirectly with one of the Russian
intelligence services whose profile is
maybe a little bit more prominent than a
traditional Russian intelligence officer
would like and so therefore people like
patina who have come across the radar to
me it doesn't smack of very
sophisticated Russian intelligence
tradecraft it is very aggressive and
assertive and she had a profile that I
think was inconsistent with what a
Russian intelligence officer would want
of his or her asset or person working on
their behalf in the United States
I read read Sparrow I think I know what
you're saying let me ask you one more
question you once now famously talked
about waiting and unwitting accomplices
to the Russian effort to meddle in the
2016 election in my mind maybe
erroneously I put Don jr. in the
unwitting category do the events of the
last week move him over to perhaps a
winning accomplish to the Russian
efforts he responded I love it his
father now says he absolutely walked
into a meeting with the Russians people
that we now know to have ties to the
Kremlin and and sat there willingly
wanting to receive dirt on Hillary
Clinton would you now in terms of his
sort of legal standing and the role that
he has played in all this would you move
him into the witting category well I
think I've put him in the winning
category in terms of knowing that going
into that meeting with in anticipation
and expectation that he was going to get
dirt from those individuals and that
were associated with Russia
whether he was winning of just how bad
that action was I don't know but if he
had that position within the Trump
campaign he certainly should have been
aware and those who were working with
him should have been aware that going
into that meeting in and of itself just
by definition would be problematic so I
think it was a bit of naivete a bit of
self overly self-confident but also
believing that he could get away with it
and not be held to account one day and I
think he was certainly wrong on that
score yes he hadn't met mr. Muller John
Brennan thank you for your time we're
always grateful to have you a great way
to start thank you hey there are chris
hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
