it's one part exit interview two parts
Greek tragedy an extraordinary new
profile of Paul Ryan in the New York
Times Magazine mark Leibovich gets
precise in his observations and
takeaways like when the House Speaker
got a call in the middle of one of their
interviews he said to mark quote the
president saw me on Fox & Friends
explaining the interruption he said he
thought I looked good this is among the
heaviest commendations a Republican
could hope to receive in Donald Trump's
Washington that happens to me a lot Ryan
added referring to his post TV attaboy
the panels back this was so galling to
me I mean mark mark is one of the best
writers and especially of these sorts of
pieces where people are just you he's
like dr. Melfi they just say stuff they
shouldn't say to someone who's going to
put it in print in this bit but it sure
explains a lot his weakness is just
extraordinary and I don't want to sit
here and disparage Paul Ryan the man
because he's a good guy he's a moral
person it's a decent person take him
seriously when he says I want to spend
more time with my kids and family and I
didn't want our fund raise and I didn't
want to do all these things I'm not
political I'm a policy guy the job
required hardness firmness toughness
standing up to this lawless president he
is supine he is weak he is feeble unlike
anybody who has ever held the position
of Speaker of the House this is a
constitutional office with immense power
second in line to the presidency when
you see the abdication of responsibility
to the country from the Republican
leadership it is galling it is appalling
and his legacy will be a shameful one
because of it I was in the room when
when Paul Ryan was elected Speaker and
the house caucus was struggling with
who's going to be our next leader and he
stood there and said I don't want the
job I'm not sure I'll be good at it I'm
not going to travel I'm not going to
fundraise but he was the only choice we
had in many ways and I think what we're
seeing in his resignation is this this
is no longer Paul Ryan's party and he
knows it well whether he's willing to
say that or not this is Donald Trump's
party not Paul Ryan's
he is at this point because of having
transacted on the corporate tax bill
nothing more than a for-profit
Republican we see in the finance
community that sold their souls for the
benefit of Donald Trump the most
shocking thing about that interview
though was his admission that Donald
Trump has architected tragedies I mean
let me read that okay so this is this is
from the remarks piece this is Paul Ryan
quote I can look myself in the mirror at
the end of the day and say I avoided
that tragedy I avoided that tragedy I
avoided that tragedy Ryan tells me I
advanced this goal I advanced this goal
I advance this goal I locked in on the
word tragedy it sets the mind reeling to
whatever thwarted tragedies Ryan might
be talking about I asked for an example
no I don't want to do that Ryan replied
that's more than I usually say what's he
talking about here's where Ryan and I
separated it and I give him credit for
this when Donald Trump got the
nomination I was on the US Senate trail
Marco Rubio was running for president
and when he was secured the nomination I
believe coming out of Indiana every
Republican candidate was expected to say
we support Donald Trump Paul Ryan and I
on exactly the same day said comments
that were uncoordinated where we both
said I'm not there yet I stuck with that
Paul Ryan did not and and at some point
at some point this is a reflection of
somebody's own integrity their personal
mettle their own conviction he was
willing to to satisfy the politics of
convenience and I'll tell you this
legacies will be remembered for people
who stuck on principle and didn't fail
in the face of that adversity
he's failed in the face of it there was
no way back after Access Hollywood and I
had friends that had supported him and
and to me that some of them called me
and asked my there's no way back I don't
know how this isn't a question for a
former political consultant I'm a
non-practicing folk this is a question
for your wife for your daughters for
your sons for your parents I mean you if
you can get there after what you heard
on Access Hollywood they grabs women in
the bleep go for it but but I didn't see
a way back and I was shocked that Paul
Ryan that Paul Rooney I thought he might
be the one person that would that would
stay away I actually had a moment after
Hilary lost where I thought wow maybe
they'll get together and they'll look
someone out the house the Republican
House will elect somebody else president
estates because it was so clear that
this man couldn't do it and they went
along with it and what's remarkable
story about the story is how mark
isolates this Lake lack of agency they
think they have like what kind of
conviction do you have that you think
your own voice can't matter as the
Speaker of the House that you think your
own supporters are so bought in that
they can't hear a truth that you're
willing to tell about how dangerous this
president is and it's like what Steve is
saying about the Democrats being this
having a self-fulfilling outcome where
if we don't act as if Trump is a danger
wire people going to think that and the
Republican Party is also bought in it
says that they don't have the power of
their own conviction or believe that
their own supporters could hear them
when they say when they flag these
dangers and you know no wonder the
Republican Party is so aligned with him
because no one else they don't hear
anything else
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
