welcome back as I teased it's been quite
the day of drama very soap opera like if
you will in the Panama of Panama Paul
Manafort trial with a protege throwing
his longtime patron under the bus
president Trump's deputy campaign chief
rick gates is the prosecution's star
witness and he spent today detailing
sometimes tediously
how he and man afford committed these
financial crimes gates testified how
mana fort directed him to lie about his
income and fake company records now mana
forts defense team is now in the middle
of cross-examining gates and they're
trying to convince jurors that gates
who's cooperating with prosecutors to
reduce some prison time can't be trusted
and so for the first time at this trial
we've also heard president Trump's name
come up the campaign came up why because
the jury saw some evidence that mana
Ford tried to leverage his connections
on the Trump transition aka his
friendship with Ricketts
to curry favor z-- with one of his
lenders so joining us now NBC News
justice correspondent Pete Williams he's
outside the courthouse and currently dry
I think and Mimi Roca former assistant
US attorney in the Southern District of
New York and an MSNBC legal analyst and
I think she gets to stay dry by contract
anyway Pete let me start with you we've
had the the rain storms were in the in
between them describe gates first of all
right now gone we know gates being
cross-examined but in the hours of the
prosecution if you were to say what was
the probably the most damning testimony
he gave as far as the prosecution is
concerned
well it's clearly the fact that Paul
Manafort he says told him not to tell
the accountants what accounts they had
in Cyprus that mana fort was using to
pay his bills
don't tell the accountants he said
because that would just make more of an
income appear on his taxes that he'd
have to owe more in taxes he also said
that he falsified several documents and
emails to help man afford get bank loans
so remember three sets of charges here
falsifying tax returns not reporting
foreign bank accounts and then using
fraud to get bank loans when the money
dried up from Ukraine to try to get more
cash out of the properties that he
hadn't bought so what men afford what
gates did today is exactly what the
prosecutors hope this is a financial
crimes case it's built largely on paper
tax returns bank statements Gates is the
one who helped those come alive and
that's what the prosecutors hoped he did
today there seem to be two damning
pieces of evidence two emails one I want
to put up here it's Paul manna for it's
a reaction to his tax projection the
email goes WTF how could I be blindsided
by this that's then apparently leads him
to ask gates to falsely reclassify some
of the income as debt and it magically
saves man afford $500,000 P was that how
much attention was the jury paying
during I mean could you feel as if they
they were like totally focused in and
taking this down point by point well
remember they've heard about this twice
before Bob they've heard about this from
the accountants who were involved in the
various stages they've seen other emails
from the bankers so this is 2014 this is
when the money from Ukraine is starting
to dry up after the Viktor Yanukovych
whom manna fort had during millions
doing political consulting for after he
gets booted out of office then the gates
tells him what the taxes are and that's
when manna port says well I didn't see
that one coming this is a disaster and
so basically what Gates said is that he
helped the
accountants fudge the the the
information that was used to get a bank
loan now we've had the cross-examination
and I guess the biggest shock and awe of
that is the defense got Ric gates to
admit II embezzled money from the firm
in order to keep a a romantic hideaway
in London and do I have this right well
so well so gates has already said this
remember this is his second day on the
stand he's already admitted that he
embezzled money from manna fork the jury
heard about that yesterday today they
heard the sort of gory details about how
he did it
how many times he did it they showed
emails they showed statements so they
they they were trying to nail down the
evidence on that but today we heard for
the first time as they as the defense
ripped into him to basically say why
should the jury believe you they said
that he lied many times to Muller's
prosecutors during the time when they
were negotiating right we and they say
that they discovered that he was leading
a secret life that he was even lying to
his own family in essence that he had an
apartment in London but he had what he
himself gates called a relationship
presumably an affair and he even said at
one point when they asked is it possible
that remember Manta Ford stepped down
from the Trump campaign gates
stayed on to help with the inauguration
the defense said today is it possible
that you even submitted personal
expenses to the Trump campaign and he
said it's possible interesting
Mimi Roca so the prosecution had to do
two things today right they had to use
Rick gates as their star witness and
show and he's the guy telling them
putting all connecting all the dots but
they also had to hope his credibility
withstood cross-examination how's the
prosecution done with their goal of
keeping Rick Gates a valuable witness I
think they've done as well as the
prosecution can do in these
circumstances you know whenever you have
a cooperating witness like Rick Gates
namely someone who has committed fraud
crimes himself who has admittedly lied
to the government
who is there because he's a criminal who
participated in crimes with the
defendant it's going to be bumpy you
know during cross-examination many times
I literally wanted to crawl under the
table until it was over you're just kind
of holding your breath and hoping that
you get through it you know with some
bumps and bruises but no major crashes
and it looks like so far that's what's
happening what you don't want on
cross-examination is for something to
come out that you didn't know about and
I have seen that happen I've experienced
that so far that hasn't happened here
and that's good it may sound like a
pretty low bar but you know remember
we're going through this in my Newt
detail at the end of the day you know
the jury is going to have closing
arguments from the prosecutors and from
the defense and the prosecutors are
going to try and those arguments to
refocus the jury on the evidence and
make it about these emails the email
that you put up is a really good email
there was a line at the end of it though
that wasn't in your visual that said I
thought you had this under control from
man of corn to beans if I were the
prosecutor I would hammer that home it's
not just about I thought you had my tax
returns under control I gave you
authority to take care of my finances so
that gives agency anything that Gates
does is now on manna for me what is the
bar here of proof that you think the
prosecution has to pass meaning it looks
like manna forts defense is crimes may
have taken place but he didn't make it
it's somehow he didn't do it on purpose
or he didn't realize it was happening to
degree at what you know he's like
admitting to some things but not really
that it these are paper crimes these are
I didn't fill out the right forms crimes
first of all is that what they are and
second so what is that if so what to a
jury or does the prosecution have to
prove that this no he purposely did this
well I think it depends which charges
we're talking about the bank fraud for
example I think it's easiest to see sort
of how it's not just
because you see them you know actually
falsifying documents and turning income
into loans when they're not and that's
much more sort of active right than just
signing a tax form that's not true you
know at the end of the day I think if
the jury convicts him on one they're
likely to convict him on all but at the
end of the day the government probably
doesn't care so you know as long as he's
convicted on some he's gonna have a
pretty high sentencing expose your
myhacc you know go ahead finish up I'm
just gonna say the other thing is I
think that the judge you know it the
jury will get jury instructions from the
judge and the judge will do a good job
of explaining the law is the law so even
if you don't think this may seem like an
important crime attack you know signing
a tax form that's false it's still you
know if you find the facts that he
violated it that's that's a crime all
right you brought up the judge Pete I
want to ask you first of all any
dramatic moments today between our
friends in the prosecution and and judge
Ellis they seem to be having quite the
back-and-forth the tears that have
yesterday's back-and-forth read like a
humiliation did it feel that way when
you witnessed it no but judge Ellis sort
of runs hot and cold on that so maybe
this was maybe he was chilling chilling
out today he's still pressing the
government to try to get things done as
quickly as possible I should just point
out that my colleague Ken Delaney and
had just come out of the courthouse as
things were wrapping up today
remember what what gates was trying to
do is salvage his credibility as mana
forts lawyers worried bringing out this
really this pattern of Lies and fraud
that he's committed over the years that
he's now admitted to and according to
what ken has just told me he said poor
at the end look I regret what I did but
I've taken responsibility for it and
that's a path that was open to mr. mana
Fork meaning I pleaded guilty he could
have pled guilty to right now of course
one thing we did learn today is that and
that this was brought out from
questioning by the judge even though if
he even though under his guilty plea
Rick Gates could face many years in
prison
the government has his lawyers intent
to give him basically probation and the
government has written a letter saying
if they make that request the
prosecutors will not oppose it now it
will still be up to the judge to
sentence him but that's an enormous
concession from the government it just
shows how highly they prize him as a
witness
no it really does Pete Williams thanks
very much Mimi Roca with judge Ellis
scare you as a prosecutor right now
prosecutors have thick skins I think
you'd have to have a really thick one
with the way he's been but at the end of
the day it's part of the job yes it is
all right Mimi Roca former deputy US
Attorney of Southern District New York
thank you as well hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
