from intern to loyal deputy to
arch-nemesis Rick gates is set to face
the heat from Paul Manafort lawyers
today as they cross-examine the former
Trump campaign aide one day after his
potentially devastating testimony Ghat
gates sat in the Alexandria Virginia
courtroom on Monday speaking quickly and
never making eye-contact with his former
boss as Mana Fort Hill aired at him from
the defense table Manta Ford's team will
likely paint gates as an untrustworthy
self-interested character so let's take
a look at just what rick gates did and
what he said about mana Ford's crimes
and his own you got to remember that and
his own he's no good guy gates said that
he had a total of 15 foreign companies
owned by mana Ford from the United
States government companies that Gates
said Russian oligarchs paid millions of
dollars into funneling the money into
foreign bank accounts controlled by Paul
Manafort Gates did not disclose the
accounts to the IRS a move he said was
specifically requested by mana Ford he
even kept the accounts secret from mana
ports accountants and remember mana
Ford's attorneys have already blamed the
accountants bookkeepers and tax
preparers and again he Rick Gates is
saying it was all mana Ford who directed
it the secret offshore accounts and
foreign companies were used to make and
made wire transfers to man affords us
based accounts with much of the money
being treated as loans to push down
Manta Ford's tax liability gates also
testified that he inflated expense
reports something mana forts attorneys
could seize on as proof the younger man
was embezzling from his mentor's
businesses part of a likely strategy
meant to go after the credibility of the
star witness gates even testified about
his own lives pay attention to this
Gates lied to the FBI when he was asked
about a meeting between mana fort and
members of Congress that took place
years earlier a meeting Gates falsely
claimed never actually happened in
assess emoni Gates admitted to the lie
but pointed out his plea deal depends on
his honesty in court trying to inoculate
himself against any challenges from
Manta Ford's defense team
today it's gonna be a heavy day all
right joining me now retired Navy
counterintelligence operator and author
of the plot to hack America Malcom Nance
and my dear friend at MSNBC contributor
former US attorney and senior FBI
official Chuck Rosenberg
all right Charles to you first how bad
is Gates's testimony from a Deportes
case he is not a credible guy he's a
criminal
stephannie he's a criminal but criminals
tend to hang out with other criminals
bank robbers with bank robbers
fraudsters with fraudsters and so from
the perspective of a federal prosecutor
this happens all the time we put on in
evidence conspirators those who worked
with the criminal on trial and they
detail what they themselves did just as
mr. gates is doing now so is it
important testimony absolutely
is it determinative probably not because
remember this is a paper case and we
have bank records and tax returns that
will corroborate what mr. gates is
saying this is not good for misdemeanor
fort he hangs out with other criminals
now we're hearing from one of them
we should also remind our audience Paul
Manafort getting money funneled from
Russian oligarchs hiding money from the
IRS hiding money from the US government
and this was the man selected to be the
campaign chair for president Trump's
campaign and remember President Trump
loves to say it he hires only the best
people a guy who is hiding money from
the US government Chuck I also want to
ask you about the judge here ts Ellis he
seems to be giving the prosecutors a
really hard time what do you think
that's all about well I was a prosecutor
in that courthouse for many years
Stefanie and I've appeared in front of
judge Ellis many times and that's what
happens he tends to be III don't I don't
I want to say something nice about him
but I also want to say something
truthful about the truth well yeah I'm
going to so the best judges are umpires
they call balls and strikes judge Ellis
likes to pitch and catch and play
shortstop to like he interjects himself
into cases he likes to take over
questioning he likes to tell prosecutors
and often defense counsel
Toomas frame their arguments or or put
on their witnesses look I think he's a
good judge I think he gets to the right
place in the end but sitting through a
trial with him particularly as an
advocate can be torture okay but hold on
if he's doing this and he's giving the
prosecutors a hard time one could be
because he's a showman or a know-it-all
and the other could be because he wants
to help the defense because it's the
prosecutor that he seems to be cutting
off not the defense anyway my sense of
it is he doesn't really want to help
anybody and I think that would be an
unfair characterization some you know
something bugs him that day and he's on
the prosecutors something could bug him
the next day and he's on defense counsel
I've seen him do both of those things
I've seen him do both of those things in
the same trial I think the bottom line
is this the jury is out of the courtroom
for some of this they're not really
going to I think learn much about one
way or the other based on the judges
interjections in the end I don't think
it really matters it's just a bit
annoying and you have to put up with it
as a prosecutor okeydoke Malcolm just a
minute ago Rick gates laid out in court
how a Ukrainian business man paid mana
for for consulting work and then mana
for hid that money walk us through the
conflict of interest for mana for here
well the conflict of interest is
manifest here you know the metaphor was
a fixer for dictators and in this
particular instance working with the
Ukrainian government pro-moscow
Ukrainian government he was doing
activities all of which weren't being
reported at the time and where he was
getting paid under the table tens of
millions of dollars and all of this
eventually would transport itself into
the Trump campaign you know there were
there's reporting that he was actually
in in debt despite the fact that he was
receiving tens of millions of dollars in
these activities and then when he came
on as the campaign chair for Donald
Trump he was offering Russian oligarchs
access and most notably Oleg Deripaska
access to the briefings that he was
giving the potential President of the
United States this is you know it's a
lot in bigger
money and I think that the Moller
campaign knows that what they're doing
is there's essentially three trials
going on there's this one which is mana
forts past which will eventually lead to
a future trial about his relationship
with Russia in the future and then New
York State which is going to guarantee
that he gets no pardon on all of the
crimes that he's carried out within that
state Chuck what's the fate of the
Muller investigation if mana fort
gets off here well he has another trial
in the District of Columbia later this
year first of all I don't expect him to
get off here this is an exceedingly
strong case but Stephanie to your
question if he does it continues
acquittals happen we know that as
prosecutors and I've probably tried 40
or 50 cases I've had an acquittal or -
all good prosecutors I think have I
think politically and I mean that with a
small P it would be a setback
I think legally it would be rather
meaningless I want to ask you guys about
who picks this weekend hope Hicks left
the administration she resigned a day
after she testified to the House Intel
committee and I'm sure she was asked
about that trunked our meeting because
remember hope Hicks was on Air Force One
with the president when he
misrepresented what that meeting Don
junior had with the Russian lawyer hope
Hicks now made her way back to med
minster supposedly for old times sake
she decided to go to this rally in Ohio
with the president and well I wonder if
I was going to somebody's weekend house
I'd probably bring tennis clothes some
shorts and a t-shirt alas she was ready
to join the president could robert
mother or House Intel ask to speak with
her again if she had one-on-one time
with the president given how serious
things are about that Trump Tower
meeting how closely tied Hope Hicks is
to it and now she was with the president
did she just walk back into a hornet's
nest Chuck yeah I think so and by the
way to the extent the president and his
team complained about how long this
investigation is taking frankly they're
the ones creating more evidence
the first thing a defense lawyer will
tell his or her client is not to talk to
any other witnesses it's a strict rule
it makes perfect sense
and so naturally I think molar esteem is
going to want to ask her what do you
talk about and what did he say and did
he ask you about your testimony and what
questions you were asked and what
answers you gave and so it's a mistake
for witnesses to speak with one another
alone
the conversation Stephanie is not
privileged she's not a member of White
House staff so there's no executive
privilege
she's not a lawyer so there's no
attorney-client privilege and you bet
prosecutors are gonna want to talk to
her about it what do you think Malcolm
well thank God you have Chuck here
because I really thought that was
exactly the case you know my first
thought was do we have a case of witness
tampering going on here did the
president call her over bring her on Air
Force One
not just for old times six because
you're gonna talk about things and did
they talk about what man affort spoke to
her about specifically the big question
will be will she have answered what did
she go for her own interest or she's
supporting the president's interest here
and I think that she's probably going to
be hauled back in again because you
really need to know did she tell us the
truth the first time or did she go to
the President and coordinate a lie like
she helped do with the Trump Tower memo
you know back in 2017 I really wait and
hope to see that she played the right
role and that she's going to be straight
with the press'll Special Counsel and
not cover for the president well we'll
see
I mean how hope Hicks told that story of
the meeting at best was naive at worst
was complicit and as she looks for her
next move possibly in the corporate
world you've got to wonder what does
corporate America going to say when they
say hold on you got involved in that
whole mess it's not over and done with
and then you went back strange
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
