what is your take because I don't
believe any of us are Native American
Indians so we are all descendants of
most likely legal immigrants that's how
the system works right look well first
of all you wanna know why I'm running
for attorney general that's why because
a group of Attorney General's I will
predict you is going to stop the
implementation of that nonsense it
almost certainly is going to violate the
Administrative Procedures Act it's going
to travel all over the Constitution and
what we are seeing right now in this
area of law and lots are our state
attorneys general banding together to
say no way that's what happened on that
3d printing gun case and a bunch of
other stupid stuff so set aside the
immorality of this for a minute
thank God the system allows for us to
put the brakes on but on the merits this
is crazy we are seeing an all-out attack
on vulnerable populations we saw kids
being separated I've got a member of my
staff whose parents were thrown out
after living here 30 years her dad was
so depressed he died of a heart attack
when he got back to Mexico those are
people who are nonviolent who are
working two jobs who have never done
anything wrong after they got came here
with a misdemeanor illegal entry what
the hell are we doing
Thanks immoral million open jobs and
Americans who don't want these jobs
here's the thing David the president is
very good at branding and selling and if
I'm guessing if I were to watch this
segment on a conservative media outlet
they would say do you want immigrants
here who are living off the system who
are on the welfare system and people
could say absolutely not
but that welfare system includes Obama
care it includes child health insurance
which loads of people aren't those are
are those are the systems millions of
people use right he's framing an issue
for voters and it's heartbreaking and
it's not just done it's a lie it's a lie
it's not just Donald Trump it's also the
Republican Party the Republican Party
and Donald Trump because nobody's going
to push back on Donald Trump from the
Republican Party every single move they
make on immigration is to make it harder
for people to realize the American dream
to make it harder for people to
immigrate here in this case legally
they're framing an issue for November
that they believe will distract the
American people from all these other
Trump down ballot negatives but along
the way they're also bearing the soul
the heart and soul of the Republican
Party and it's
to your point that it's lies my wife and
I just went to a naturalization ceremony
for a group of refugees now this is a
different immigration class than those
that are being talked about and I
learned something that day that was
fascinating the local organization in
Florida that provides the immigration or
refugee resettlement services told us
that when a refugee comes here you know
it takes several years you're vetted by
four or five different agencies you
arrive you have 60 or 90 days to have
housing and a job and then you have to
pay the US government back for your
plane ticket so in terms of those who
are here legally somehow sucking off of
the system it simply doesn't happen and
if it does it's only because they are
just as eligible as those who are born
here to receive the very services of the
government that they have pledged their
loyalty to and asked to be a patriot for
people who are part of the e-verify
system are paying taxes when they work
and then when they get kicked out of the
country no one is sending them a check
so Shan the immigration lawyers are
saying this could impact 20 million
immigrants yet it's not going to require
congressional approval and you could say
states attorneys general are gonna stand
up and fight this can they really and
and what can the American people do
about it if I ran a small business and I
needed to have employees this could put
me out of business right you can they
can fight it and they can slow it down
ultimately we need to win elections
ultimately it's what we were talking
about in the last segment ultimately
you're gonna you're gonna like the
Muslim man you're gonna you're gonna
force him into a less damaging version
of it but there'll be action the
President of the United States can take
it's also racism by the way if we could
just say that this is an attack on
non-white people it's been at the core
of this administration from the
beginning we should stop beating around
the bush on it I'm Willie the president
doing it every day when he gets in
political trouble right now he goes back
to this toxic poisonous well of racism
where he goes after black athletes or he
goes after immigrants who who his base
imagines to be of a different race why
it's just wrong why doesn't this matter
to the Republican Party George Bush one
uncompassionate sure conservativism and
Republicans have spent years trying to
convince people listen I understand that
you think that there are are short races
racism or we only want to work for the
rich but that's not us and now you've
got an administration that's saying
that's us and I'm wearing a t-shirt that
says it Bush 43 John McCain Mitt Romney
they tried to quiet and hush those
voices within the Republican Party from
Sarah Palin to Donald Trump you can draw
a direct line of candidates who
empowered them invited them to the table
affirm them and now given them
leadership roles in this case within the
administration but very importantly
there is a way to stop this in September
Congress has to pass an appropriations
measure before October 1 and what is
that's to fund the government and what
is routinely done routinely done on
Capitol Hill is a single provision in an
appropriations bill that says none of
the funds provided in this bill may be
used to implement the following rule
Congress the Republican Congress can
stop this if they have the courage to do
it but they won't because they're
cowards now wouldn't hold your breath on
that one that's right they don't have
the courage to do it but the voters can
do it for them and that's what that's
where we have to get on this hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
