my favorite part of the Showtime for
money power politics The Wall Street
Journal reports Facebook is now asking
banks to share customers financial and
transaction information that's true over
the past year Facebook has reached out
to JPMorgan Wells Fargo Citigroup and US
Bancorp to discuss potential offerings
like connecting customers with Facebook
messenger displaying account balances
and fraud alerts on their platform when
asked for comment no bank indicated they
were interested or pursuing any sort of
deal with Facebook at least not now
facebook says bank customers would need
to opt-in to any proposed services
joining me now my dear friend New York
University professor and author of the
for Scott Galloway all right Scott I got
to start on this Facebook wants to be
more than the service they are they want
they not want to get into this business
in terms of collecting customer data
from banks well I understand they've got
lots of divisions inside Facebook given
the massive fire they need to put out
why on earth would they be saying let's
get more information financial
information yeah it's sort of what
couldn't go wrong right so but at the
end look what the happen they announced
it yesterday everybody came public and
their stock was up and their stock was
up again yesterday it makes sense for
messaging and voice which I believe are
the futures are the technologies of the
future to be enabled for basic
information whether it's the ability to
get uber put something in your shopping
cart find out what is the tallest
mountain in Africa which is how my kids
use Alexa and also to get basic
financial information the issue here is
is Facebook the one that should be
managing your financial information
because imagine you're Jamie Dimon or
the head of a bank and Facebook
the platform is weaponized because they
don't put up the the requisite
safeguards which has happened and
there's a run on banks and bank stocks
go down how does Jamie Dimon or anyone
say what we had no idea this was going
to happen so I don't see how you do this
as a thoughtful fiduciary for
shareholders distinctive the morality
you can't I don't see how you do this as
a bank executive because if something
goes wrong I mean you knew you were
warned
right banks are highly regulated banks
have no your customer rules around it is
the issue here across the board
regulation because as it relates to
Facebook their job is not to be a
fiduciary their job is to make money for
shareholders and you and I can complain
about what they're doing all day long
but at this time they are not breaking
the law and their stock prices going up
and that's what Mark Zuckerberg priority
is I think we have what I would call so
much cloud cover from outrageous
activity among other parts of our
society and government that it shields
what is just behavior that would not be
allowed or would I get more attention in
the corporate world so Facebook we
probably had what was arguably a
subterfuge of our democracy and people
get angry but the stock is up people get
upset at Amazon's dominance but
everyone's every municipality is falling
over itself to transfer wealth from this
page you can just turn down the news
just like President Trump say I'm not
gonna pay attention to the news I'm
still the president
Bezos can say say whatever you want
about me my stocks up and I'm the
richest guy in the world
but at some point as relates to Facebook
I posed the question does facebook need
to shut it down until they have this
issue resolved when I asked last week I
compared it to Tylenol you could have
one bottle that's contaminated and they
overcorrected and took every bottle off
the shelf until they figured it out now
when I said that people said that's
crazy because there are people who are
dependent on Facebook to run their
business to communicate with others yes
sir
Johnson Johnson that takes textbook case
study and how to handle a crisis
leadership right out front
respondibility the respond immediately
and / correct Facebook's primary
response to crisis has been delaying
obfuscation and to say things well we
want to give voice to the unheard when
there's ethnic cleansing content in my
anima or - to limit the amount of
forwarding of messages and run newspaper
ads have said I really want to help an
old granny over there who has a headache
and her Tylenol is probably okay I
usually said it was an isolated incident
which which Facebook it's not but look
at the end of the day I hate to say this
Facebook is doing its job we'd like to
think that the third wealthiest man in
the world
woman who's written eloquently about
personalized loss and the work work-life
balance would have more concern for the
Commonwealth but they don't and a key
component of capitalism job - that's
right a key component of capitalism is
for-profit firms tobacco companies we're
gonna run an unchecked right it's a more
profitable business model for
manufacturers to pour mercury into the
river but we've decided that the reason
we have twenty three cents on the dollar
to the government is they think long
term for us there are a lot of people
who would fly on Airlines that didn't
have maintenance or only in one pilot
but we've decided no that's a bad idea
we're gonna regulate them and for some
reason we've decided not to hold big
tech to the same scrutiny we've held
every other industry so there's been no
regulation four percent of our elected
officials have a background in
technology or engineering so they don't
even know where to start and these are
our idols Steve Jobs is our hero these
are our Tom Brady's and our DS Ellie so
we have decided to not hold them to the
same scrutiny as everyone else it's you
and me and the citizenry and the voters
that are failing here
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
