I'm Jason Kander senator Blunt has been
attacking me on guns well in the army I
don't how to use and respect my rifle in
Afghanistan I volunteered to be an extra
gun and a convoy of on armored SUVs and
in the state legislature
I supported second Amendment rights I
also believe in background checks so the
terrorists can't get their hands on one
of these I approve this message
because I'd like to see senator blunt do
this believe that's what we call him the
business a mic drop that was the viral
campaign ad from Democrat Jason Kander
calling for tougher background checks
during his 2016 Senate bid though he
lost that race narrowly the former
Missouri Secretary of State Jason Kander
is now running for mayor of Kansas City
and the former Army captain joins us now
his new book is titled outside the wire
ten lessons I've learned in everyday
courage and it is out today Jason it's
great to have you with us it's good to
be here so let's talk about your
decision to run for mayor the elections
not till next year June of 2019 there
were a lot of people point of view
including President Obama by the way who
said he's my guy in Missouri it was
raised as somebody who ought to run for
president so what was a decision like
for you not to wait and do that and to
jump into the mayor race you know I
believe we're living in grabbing our
territory it's do everything you
possibly can for your fellow citizen
right now and that's what I'm doing
that's you know I'm a fifth-generation
Kansas City and I love my hometown and
that's why I decided to run for mayor
but it's also why I decided to write
outside the wire and why you know in the
interests of using that platform for as
much good as possible
why for every copy sold this week my
wife and I are making a contribution to
moms demand action and every town for
gun safety but it is grabbing our times
let's do what you can for others I tell
a story in the book about a young man
who I watched on his very first day I
think in Afghanistan get who clearly
visibly physically sick as he looked at
the unarmored SUVs and he needed to get
in with me to do his job and I remember
him because he sat in the seat behind me
and I was worried he was gonna throw up
on me but I think about him all the time
when I think about the so-called tough
choices that supposedly politicians make
and they don't seem that tough compared
to you know getting getting in a vehicle
and going outside
we should point out for people who don't
know that you enlisted in the Army
National Guard after 9/11 as a response
to that incident was it a difficult
choice for you because as I said there
were a lot of people at the national
level who look at you and say my gosh in
the state of Missouri he almost knocked
off the incumbent Roy Blount less than
three points was the margin when Donald
Trump was winning the state by almost 20
points you're viewed as a rising star in
the party was it a tough call not to
wait for the presidential election no I
mean the opportunity to be mayor Kansas
City
have you been to KC I sure have okay so
you are a big barbecue I mean it's a
wonderful place also it is a place where
we've had a lot of progress that we've
made we've had a lot of success but I
want to see that extend to everybody in
the city I want no matter where you live
for you to be able to see it and to see
it and to feel it and and so now that
made it not at all a difficult choice
for me it's about you know I write in
and outside the wire about how a lot of
people have like something in there
someday category like someday I'm going
to do X and really I just want people to
understand like don't wait for someday
make it now it making change is about
getting outside your comfort zone and
nobody ever really made change from
within their comfort zone Joe's got a
question for you yeah Jason you you talk
about your experiences in the
Afghanistan what you learned there and
you're talking about politics one of
your first bit of advice taken from your
time in a war zone is if you want to
change the world you have to get outside
the wire explain that so outside the
wire is a term that we used overseas it
means to go in off the safety of the
base and look I've spent a lot more time
figuratively outside the wire in
politics even than I did literally in
Afghanistan because you know it's been
several years now and I just never have
seen anybody who like when people say
well there's tough choices that have to
be made in politics I think about
explaining that to people who have
risked their lives and it doesn't it
doesn't wash with me I mean I came back
one of the stories I tell in the book is
I came back I had a meeting once I was
in the state legislature with the
Speaker of the House who really wanted
to brace me and kind of you
me to do exactly what he wanted and the
whole time I was thinking about a
meeting that I had had with a corrupt
Afghan general and a border police and I
wasn't really sure that I was going to
get out of that meeting alive once
you've had experiences like that it's
it's it's pretty difficult to look at
elected politics in America and say man
this is really tough stuff it's really
yeah yeah yeah not even in the same
category let's talk about your first
campaign what you learned there are you
talking about you say you need to hustle
but you need to stay humble explain that
yeah I mean it's you you put in every
bit of work you can because voters
appreciate it and one of the stories I
tell and outside the wire is that one of
the very first doors that I ever knocked
on in my campaign my first campaign
which was for state legislature this
fella came to his front door and we were
talking and it was really clear
immediately that he and I disagreed on
this issue he wanted to talk about and I
had just been a candidate for a short
time and so i just did what i had seen
politicians on TV do and i start trying
to spin him and tell him how really we
agreed and then next thing I knew we
were in an argument wasn't going well so
I felt kind of like frustrated and
desperate so I just said hey thanks for
your time now you know what I believe I
walked off and then he says to me well
that makes sense
you can put a sign in my yard I'll vote
for you and that's how I really learned
that voters don't expect you to believe
everything they believe they want to
know you really believe what you're
saying and they'll forgive you for
believing something different from them
if they know that you believe it because
you care about it yes
you're one of the most prominent and
politically successful Afghanistan war
vets today in America where are you on
the continued u.s. involvement in the
war in Afghanistan more than a decade
after you left and we're going on you
know 17 18 years now well you and I were
talking a minute ago during the break
about we had both been at the same the
same place several years ago look we
have to recognize the fact that if you
were to go back to the beginning of the
American story and you know write it
from the beginning you wouldn't write
Afghanistan it's the longest war in
American history it's just a fact and
and that's where I start from is that
you know I grew up comfortably I didn't
grow up and I grew up in a way where no
politician could make it
decisions would take food off my
family's table first time I ever was on
the receiving end of bad decisions made
by politicians that negatively affected
me I was in the backseat of a non
armoured vehicle in Afghanistan and now
there are kids there who American kids
who likely don't remember 9/11 you know
as you mentioned 9/11 is what spurred me
to decide to go into the military and
there are there are Americans there who
don't remember that likely that's
something that has to be at the top of
our mind as we make decisions about our
commitments though so which should we
draw down should we get American troops
out of Afghanistan our strategies
clearly needs to be about you know
unwinding and about you know reaching
that that point and and I think what's
tragic and one of the things I point out
in the book and that kind of shaped my
view of politics is that you know so
much of this can be traced back to a
very politically driven decision by karl
rove and others to invade and to invade
iraq i was in afghanistan and in oh six
you know emailing with my friends from
officer training who were in iraq at
that time and saying they weren't sure
exactly why they were there it diverted
an enormous amount of resources become
jason i'm just curious as you seek to
serve your second attempt and it's very
much appreciated politically what are
you hearing from people we're in an age
of sort of devalued truth where there's
now arguments about what is real what is
fact what is fiction and what comes out
of the president's mouth and and rumors
that are being passed around what are
you hearing from people about any of
that do they even care or what do they
want you know and this is one of the
things I talk around the book because
you know I I got two hundred and twenty
thousand votes from folks who voted for
President Trump and for me even though
the only thing we agree on is we're both
afraid of sharks and and so I do hear
from a lot of people who voted for him
and what they generally say to me is
this like back in 2016 what they were
saying
the persuadable voters they were saying
look I don't like him I don't like the
way he treats people but he's made
himself very personally successful and
they weren't like so that's great they
were like I'll give that a try now what
they say is I still don't
like him still don't like the way he
treats people and he never really
switched from making you know for doing
that for himself to doing it for the
country the way people express this as
they say I don't like all the tweeting
and when you dig a little deeper what
they're saying is he never really
followed through on his promise which is
to put the country ahead of himself
which you know is a shame obviously but
it's why it's why he's just barreling
down into his own base and not trying to
get outside of it I mean he's literally
talk about outside the wire he refuses
to go outside of his own echo chamber
yeah is for sure the book is outside the
wire democratic Kansas City mayoral
candidate Jason Kander thank you very
much for being on this morning and still
ahead two decades ago Mike Pence made
the case for impeaching a president with
quote bad moral habits that applied to
Bill Clinton so what about Donald Trump
plus we'll go live to Ohio as one of the
candidates running in this special
election there tries to clean up a last
minute gaffe in that deadlocked race you
can call it a gaffe he actually insulted
people in the county that's going to be
casting the most votes tonight yeah
that's a problem morning Joe's coming
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
