want to point you to something else we
found this morning some recently
unearthed writings by Vice President
Mike Pence discovered by CNN and columns
from the late 1990s recently brought to
light pence argued a president should be
held to the highest moral standards and
should be removed from office if not
citing then President Bill Clinton's
affair with a White House intern in
public lies about it as an example in
one piece pence wrote quote if you and I
fall into bad moral habits we can harm
our families our employers and our
friends the president United States can
incinerate the planet
seriously one very idea that we ought to
have or less than the same moral
standards place on the chief executive
that we place on our next-door neighbor
is ludicrous and dangerous throughout
our history we've seen the presidency as
the repository of all our highest hopes
and ideals and values to demand laughs
is to do an injustice to the blood that
bought our freedoms pence adds another
column referring three listen again
quote reach the president's repeated
lies to the American people in this
matter compound the case against him as
they demonstrate his failure to protect
the institution of the presidency as the
inspiring supreme symbol of all that is
highest in our American ideals leaders
affect the lives of families far beyond
their own private life so each Michael
Michael heads at a time when he wrote
those he was a radio host in Indiana he
wrote those posts to him to his website
but if you serve superimpose those to
2018 they take on an entirely new
meaning he was a radio host then he was
and now he's falling down to being well
those are words to live by and once
again restores your faith in the one
enduring aspect of American politics
hypocrisy because he is a living symbol
of hypocrisy Mike Pence sadly so I guess
we're holding our neighbors to the moral
standard of maybe don't creep on fifteen
sixteen-year-old seventeen year old
girls backstage at the Miss Teen USA
pageant
that's who Mike Pence thinks has great
enough moral standards to be in the
White House these will pay off porn
stars forever
well you know you have also Elise
Franklin Graham if you read what
Franklin Graham wrote during the Clinton
impeachment time it was just as
self-righteous and just as sickening
given given the the current stand that
he's he's and right now but for Mike
Pence again I keep wondering when is
Mike Pence going to speak out Donald
Trump and Mike Pence in the Republican
Party supported Roy Moore yeah when all
those accusations were coming forward in
that campaign to go from where he went
in 1999 to where he is right now
not that long later not not that much
later a shocking shocking turnaround
that now he's defending this guy you
have other saying well it's just between
him and and his wife and god it's not
what he was saying it's not what
Franklin Graham was saying it's not what
a lot of the Republicans who are
defending Donald Trump were saying in
1999 but there's this attitude that I've
heard frequently justifying the current
sins because of the past sins well
because he did it it's okay for him to
do it now we just don't care because he
got away with it so why not let our guy
get away with it too which i think is
the that shows just a very hollow core
of your actual beliefs yeah you know
also make I've had people write me
before people that I've known in
conservative movements and also
evangelicals saying well but the
important thing is you should know Joe
that the Christians they ask for
forgiveness they ask for redemption
that's the sintra and I've always said
that is the center if you've actually
read the Bible you understand the Bible
this Center of Jesus's teaching it's
we've all fallen short of the glory of
God and what's required what's required
is that you ask forgiveness that you beg
forgiveness that you understand your
of God's grace and that it is given to
you only only as Grace and yet you've
got Donald Trump who says now I've never
actually had to ask for forgiveness I've
never had to pray for forgiveness I know
I can't really think of any reason why
that's just not who I am asking God for
forgiveness so these evangelicals not
only he claimed they're evangelicals
they certainly aren't evangelicals they
certainly the avenge uncle's I grew up
with at First Baptist Church in chamblee
or in Meridian Mississippi or in
Pensacola Florida they're giving this
guy a complete free pass and they can do
that but please don't rap Jesus around
it because Jesus got nothing to do with
it Mike Pence is totally lost who he is
in this I'm not sure what this what's
worth it to him to to not hold back from
from what he believes in but he is
allowing us to swallow him up
also from the wayback machine Jake
Sherman you posted a clip on Twitter
yesterday of Dan Rather interviewing
Donald Trump back in 1999 and it
featured a look at Trump's trip to
California where he tried to build
support among members of the Reform
Party for a possible presidential bid
and here was their reaction to his sales
pitch plus something Trump said 19 years
ago that he famously echoed during the
2016 campaign
take a look I was disappointed because I
felt that he
I thought he was very attacking of other
members of the party which I thought was
very disrespectful I think he came I
think you everybody had to say I'm more
excited
to New York the way Trump looks at it
he's at least better than everyone else
in the race beginning with John McCain a
little bit I mean he was captured sent
he flew combat missions justice being
captured make you a hero I don't know
I'm not sure Wow Jake Sherman so we
thought it was the first time he said it
in the past few years it's a horrific
thing to say and it seems like the
public's relationship with Trump has
really transformed as his presence
obviously has become all the more
serious on the world stage but he said
it so many years ago yeah I'm glad my
youtube fishing is good for something
yeah no it's it is obviously fascinating
and and the president has despite people
urging him in his party he has continued
to throw shade at John McCain about his
vote last year about a year ago right
now against repealing the health care
law so it has been something obviously a
consistent thread his disdain for for
John McCain and going back to 1999 when
he first thought about running for
president you know Willie
this bears repeating Donald Trump gosh
they're out he got what four five
deferments for his little faux bone
spurs you know this little feat it's
hard to carry around all that weight so
I guess he's got bone spurs but he's
sitting there making fun of a man who
was flying very early in the war got
shot down on combat missions I know a
lot of great American heroes like vote
day who did and a lot of other great
great men who did during the Vietnam War
and you know
he carries those scars to this day and
again is everybody knows but it's got to
be repeated again the North Vietnamese
were going to let John McCain leave and
go home because his father was an
important man in the United States
military and he refused wouldn't go
until the rest of his band of brothers
said until they he allowed all of them
to go and he didn't do it he stayed
there he stayed behind I hadn't seen
that clip from 1999 I thought when we
heard it from him on that stage three
years ago during the presidential
campaign it was maybe something
impulsive that he came out with in
reaction to John McCain but apparently
it's a deeply held belief he's had for
20 years or so now yeah all the things
you said are of course true and that's a
side-by-side comparison of those two men
is preposterous actually but remember
that moment when he said that during the
campaign that was one where we all said
by conventional rules of politics this
guy's in trouble he'll be done the front
page of the New York Post said he was
finished and when he survived that and
his numbers actually went up after that
that was one of the first signs we had
that his candidacy and then his
presidency would be different than all
the others yeah I would just say if you
use Donald Trump's own way of deducing
these things if getting captured doesn't
make you a hero for some reason then
getting all those deferments because of
bone spurs makes you a little coward
Jake Sherman thank you very much still
ahead on Morning Joe from
harley-davidson to Amazon a new look at
how companies are handling public
attacks by the president Axios has an
interesting new take on that Plus web
Giants team up to take down a purveyor
of Lies Infowars
loses some key platforms surely a
welcome development for the families of
Sandy Hook you're watching Morning Joe
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
