risk of losing their majority in the US
House Republicans have waged a
fear-mongering campaign now to scare
voters away from the Democrats this is
the least August since August some
Republicans are their allies have gone
so far as to portray Democrats as
terrorists or terrorist sympathizers and
that's because according to the New York
Times Republicans have been only
marginally successful in leverage the
leveraging the usual tools available
during an economic boom like bragging
about low unemployment about tax cuts
about a new trade deal instead they've
resorted to negative ads like this a
markup on a jar is working to infiltrate
Congress these are three different names
to hide his family's ties to terrorism
his grandfather masterminded the Munich
Olympic Massacre here involves lobbying
firm made millions how can Olivia reduce
payments owed to families of Americans
killed by Libyan terrorism
no Americans asked how pure of oil can't
be trusted so out of touch Malinowski
lobbied for terrorists rights back
billions for Iran Tom Malinowski has
done enough damage in Washington whoa in
each of those ads the Republican claims
are overstated or outright false
according to the New York Times
California Democrat candy markup Anjar
has repeatedly denounced his
grandfather's actions at the Munich
Olympics and he's a Christian not a
Muslim according to Washington Post Ohio
Kennedy after Ted pure evil was not
involved in his law firms work settling
tourism related lawsuits that had been
filed against Libya and while New Jersey
Kennedy Tom Malinowski lobbied for enemy
combatants to have access to the courts
he was vindicated by the Supreme Court
here which ruled that detainees had a
right to a hearing to challenge the
basis for their detention Jeremy right
now is Michelle Goldberg New York Times
columnist and David Jali's a former
Republican congressman no longer
affiliated by his own choice with that
party let me go to Michelle Goldberg
about this you know I know from
Republicans that months ago not a
million years ago they thought that the
tax cut a billion a trillion and a half
two hour tax cut which benefited
everybody a little bit some people an
awful lot the rich people would benefit
them that the deregulation would help
them that the overall economic climate
which has reduced the unemployment rate
to down in the threes would help them it
doesn't seem to so they've resorted for
sort of the the negative usual scare
scarecrows they put up right well I
think that you know it's obvious that
most people understand who the tax cut
really benefitted right polls show that
most people understand that the tax cut
it the tax cut benefited corporations
tremendously and ordinary people still
marginally that it's benefits were
erased by things like rising inflation
and rising gas prices in as much as
they're able to to run on the economy
you know a lot of people there'll it's
true that now that there are a lot of
people employed but things are still
very very very rough people are still
living paycheck to paycheck and they're
still very worried about what I think
they understand Republicans want to do
to the social safety net
so Republicans are running the sort of
campaign that has worked for them in the
past I mean where they've realized in
the age of Trump that their economic
policies are or traditional conservative
economic policies are very unpopular and
that the way they motivate their base is
through xenophobic terror well you know
David your erstwhile political party the
Republicans according to Mitch McConnell
now are targeting Social Security
Medicare and Medicaid as the cause of
our debts of our deficit in other words
the three things that Trump was smart
not to touch they're going after your
thoughts that could help the Democrats
of course look we we know entitlement
spending has to be reformed it is one of
the largest cost drivers to the federal
budget but you can't have that
conversation and ignore what has
happened in terms of the trillion-dollar
deficits that are being created by a tax
bill that's largely been rigged to favor
the rich incorporation as it and has
abandoned Main Street families so Chris
they can't sell that so what they're
doing is they are selling fear and that
is an act of desperation three weeks
before an election understand having ads
about national security or not knew we
saw that famously in 64 with the Daisy
ad we saw it frankly in the Hillary
Clinton Obama race of o8 with Hillary
and the 3:00 a.m. phone call saying I'm
prepared to lead what is different in
this environment is that they're not
selling messages of national security
qualifications they are selling pure
fear and in many cases they're doing so
in this xenophobic lane that brings out
these cultural wars that Republicans
have figured out how to manipulate to
win elections well it's not just fear of
terrorism that Republicans are out
selling right now it's fear of
immigration itself last night on Fox
Laura Ingraham warned that if Democrats
take control of the house these they'll
replace American voters with immigrants
here she goes your views on immigration
will have zero impact and zero influence
on a house dominated by Democrats who
want to replace you the American voters
with newly amnestied citizens and an
ever increasing number of chained
migrants Wow what do you make an ad
Michele that's pretty direct pretty raw
I mean
one of the side effects of the nightmare
if the current presidency is that Fox
News has given itself increasingly to
white nationalist propaganda that
language of being replaced comes
straight out of the marchers in
Charlottesville last year last year
Steve King who's probably the most
openly white nationalist member of
Congress said you can't you from Iowa
you can't renew the you can't renew our
culture with other people's babies and
at the time it was widely denounced to
everybody realized that that was too
racist even for the modern Republican
Party a year later that kind of language
is just mainstream in what the
Republican Party has become do you think
that tested this that's why they're
doing it the anti-immigrant Lane you
think that's why they're doing it Dave
without question again they know fear
sells and they're and they are peddling
this very disgusting fear when it comes
to cultural Wars listen to the point
that was made by that by the TV host you
know what if we have greater voices of
diversity in our country whether they
were born here naturalized or immigrated
here good for us that makes us a
stronger nation and a better nation and
a smarter nation and it makes us more
equipped to address the problems that we
face as a multicultural community in a
multicultural country it is why the
demographics both voting and culturally
are getting away from Republicans and
instead of trying to expand their
coalition of voters they're simply
trying to energize those that are left
within the tent it's shameful go back to
this national security conversation that
we're seeing replete in these TV ads
they are not attacking national security
credentials they are attacking
patriotism like we saw the attacks on
Max Cleland no.2 a Vietnam warrior we
are seeing these attacks that are
without question dividing us culturally
as a nation that at some point we get to
question the fitness of Republican
decision makers that make those
decisions hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
