hope Hicks is back in the news the
one-time model who started in PR for
Ivanka Trump's clothing line and within
five years landed a job as president
Trump's White House communications
director has reemerged six months after
resigning that post on Saturday Hicks
was spotted getting onto Air Force One
just before it took off for the
president's rally in Ohio and there she
is actually in the plane with the
president but president Trump may want
to get some legal advice before he
swapped stories with hope because about
two months before she resigned hope
Hicks met with Robert Muller reportedly
more than once
hope Hicks he will remember was also on
board Air Force One when President Trump
was putting together his public
statement about the now infamous Trump
Tower meeting miss Hicks was reportedly
right by the president's side for that
project texting back and forth with his
son Donald Trump jr. now today a source
close to the Trump legal effort tells me
that the president's conduct since the
Trump Tower meeting his involvement in
the crafting of a false statement about
that meeting and conversations he's had
with White House aides about it point to
an increasing likelihood that the
president could be vulnerable to charges
of witness tampering and obstruction of
justice it also brings back into focus
the ongoing legal jeopardy facing all of
the individuals who have testified to
robert muller and his team about the
crafting of the original false statement
and any conversations they may have had
with the president about their testimony
with this in mind what do we think hope
hicks and the president talked about and
do you think anybody wanted to download
afterward joining me now to help me
answer that question is Frank fig luzie
assistant former assistant director for
counterintelligence during Robert
Miller's tenure as FBI director and back
with us again because we can never get
enough of this man his former US
attorney Chuck Rosenberg let me start
with you frame because we started this
conversation at 4:00 shortly after I
heard this reporting from someone close
to the Trump legal effort that the
president even if he ended up having
nothing to do with the original meeting
with the Russians all of his conduct
since then all of his involvement in we
now know dictating the false statement
to the press all of the conversations
that have been widely reported by the
New York Times that he's had with White
House aides about their interactions
with Muller's investigators that all of
those incidents could leave him very
vulnerable to charges of witness
tampering and obstruction of justice
yeah and we continue to see this
unexplainable behavior Nicolle between
what is right from a legal strategic
standpoint which would be to not talk or
be in the same room or airplane with
hope Hicks and then the strategy perhaps
of public perception which is to tell
the public look I'm thumbing my nose at
all of this legalese and Bob Muller if I
want to invite ho pick on Air Force One
I'm going to do it she's with me she's
on my team the problem with this
dichotomy between what you should do
legally and what you should do for
public perception is that he's going
down the wrong path with this so he
subjected himself to yet more
questioning by Bob Muller if that ever
happens and he's putting hope Hicks in
into a box where she's likely to be re
interviewed perhaps for hours again
about what transpired on that airplane
whether the president or his aides are
attempting to tamper with her and her
testimony it's all a very bad idea and
Chuck Rosenberg we know that lies were
told if we could just adopt some of the
language that politicians sometimes take
on and scandals like this there was one
in the White House in which I worked
where scooter libby was ultimately
charged with obstruction of justice and
perjury and that's often what trips up
aides and it was posited to me today
that it's possible that somebody
involved in crafting that false
statement repeated that lie when when
they went in to meet with robert muller
and it's possible that one of the people
that was called in and questioned about
that is already in some legal jeopardy
and that for the president to talk to
anybody that was called an in question
about that is not smart no it's not
smart and frank's exactly right look if
you're a defense attorney the first
thing you tell your client is don't talk
to anybody anybody who might be a
witness in this case and if you need to
pass something to another person another
witness do it through me your lawyer
right we can talk lawyer to lawyer
without obstructing justice or tampering
with witnesses we
you cannot talk witness to witness at
the very least it looks bad more than
that
Nicole it could be actual witness
tampering imagine the president saying
hey what's your recollection of what
happened on Air Force One or you know
how did you describe this to Bob Moya
did he ask you about it and what else do
they ask you and so to the extent that
mr. Trump and his team are concerned
that this is taking too long my advice
to them would be to stop creating more
evidence and Frank we already have some
evidence I mean there was someone who
was part of the PR side of this mark
Corallo he quit around this flash point
of the crafting of a false statement he
quit over concerns that obstruction of
justice was an area that they were all
waiting in - do you think there's any
chance that hope Hicks was on board Air
Force One as someone who's already a
cooperating witness in the Muller
investigation Wow
I think it's a minimal chance Nicole I'm
not sure the strategy would be to insert
as someone into Air Force One who is
going to go up against the president
United States who is represented by
counsel
probably highly unlikely so we've got a
woman here who's got her whole career in
life in front of her her judgment so far
has been as far as we know it's been
rather poor and she's got a choice to
make she can either establish a legacy
of associating herself with a president
who is likely to face serious serious
charges if not impeachment or otherwise
or she can be her own person and do the
right thing and we're not seeing that
happen yet in fact we're seeing quite
the opposite and cooperating witness
Chuck includes everyone that's gone in
and cooperated and answered questions
from Special Counsel Robert Miller and
all of his investigators so that at this
point does include a pretty wide group
of current and former White House aides
we know the White House Counsel John
McGann is technically a cooperating
witness Sean Spicer went in Josh Rafael
the
former spokesperson into Jericho I mean
there are a lot of people cooperating as
witnesses in the Muller probe where do
you put their risk at this point either
being drawn in we know that the
president's now being investigated under
this beefed up post Enron witness
tampering law and we know that he
continues to be a subject of obstruction
of justice questions where do you think
the interaction with all these witnesses
ranks on a
scale for the president well it makes it
more risky for the witnesses it makes it
more risky for the president but let me
just draw a distinction between a
cooperating witness Nicole and a
truthful witness
I think Frank's point is a very
important one I want to underscore it I
also agree that hope Hicks is very
unlikely
you know wire it up or going in as a
government agent if you will trying to
elicit admissions from the president
that doesn't mean she's not a truthful
witness and the more the president talks
to her the more the the government then
the mauler team is going to want to know
what he said all these people you just
described are very likely truthful
Witnesses all right they don't want to
risk their own you know fortune their
own liberty right their own freedom to
lie on behalf of another person and so
as the president continues to reach out
he's increasing his own risk and as long
as the people to whom he's reaching out
tell the truth when they're questioned
about it they should be okay
of course like mr. gates and mr. mat
afford if they could if they have
committed underlying crimes they have a
separate problem just like Mike Flynn -
right thank you that's exactly right
Frank fit Guzzi former FBI assistant
director for counterintelligence chuck
rosenberg former US attorney thank you
both so much for spending some time with
us still ahead tonight Democrats are
trying to pull off something that has
not been done since the 1980s and they
may just do it stay with us we'll be
right back hey there are Mercedes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
