well yesterday these on the 44th
anniversary of the day that President
Richard Nixon obeyed a ruling of the
United States Supreme Court and handed
over the audio recordings subpoenaed by
a special prosecutor that contained the
proof that President Nixon was guilty of
obstruction of justice the 45th
President of the United States who is
currently being investigated by a
special prosecutor for obstruction of
justice and other possible crimes woke
up and tweeted something very very
strange strange even for Donald Trump it
wasn't one of his many hate-filled
tweets about black professional athletes
or other black people those tweets are
poisonous but they are not strange
the president's racists tweets are
actually in Trump world logical and
easily explained
but the tweet that the president sent
yesterday morning that appears to create
more legal jeopardy for his son Donald
Trump jr. is a genuine mystery when it
comes to the question of motivation why
did the president send that tweet
yesterday about his son's meeting with
Russians at Trump Tower during the
presidential campaign why we never asked
that question about the racist tweets by
comparison the president's racist tweets
make perfect sense in Trump world
it's Trump's way of saying too racist
voters I am one of you I am with you I
am with you all the way I too hate these
black people from Barack Obama whose
birth Donald Trump started lying about
in 2011 to his latest target LeBron
James it is Donald Trump's willingness
and eagerness to express those racist
thoughts publicly for all of us to see
that so thrills Donald Trump's most
racist supporters like former Ku Klux
Klan leader David Duke the fact that
Donald Trump has been attacked for his
racist comments and programs like this
for seven years is part of the thrill
for the hardcore racists who do support
this president in the past the most
extreme racist voters had to listen to
political code language to find the
candidate who was closest to their views
but not with Donald Trump the racists
have loved him from the day he first
started lying about President Obama's
earth and Donald Trump his president
today because he squeaked out a victory
in the in the electoral college that is
an embarrassment to democracy doll Trump
knows that narrow victory cannot afford
to lose a single one of the voters who
voted for Donald Trump in 2016 he knows
he could not have been elected president
without that flock of voters in his
support base that includes the racist
vote Donald Trump needs the racist vote
and so Donald Trump speaks directly to
the racist vote in every way he can and
now the full venom of Donald Trump's
racism has landed on LeBron James in a
way that is poisonously logical for
Donald Trump a politician but there is
nothing obviously logical in the tweet
that Donald Trump sent out on the 44th
anniversary of the day Richard Nixon
handed over his audio tapes in response
to a special prosecutor subpoena the
audio tapes that forced the resignation
of President Nixon exactly three days
later there is no obvious motivation for
that very strange tweet yesterday
morning fake news reporting a complete
fabrication that I am concerned about
the meeting my wonderful son Donald had
in Trump Tower this was a meeting to get
information on an opponent totally legal
and done all the time in politics and it
went nowhere I did not know about it
exclamation point the tweet was sent at
8:35 a.m. and one of the most accepted
theories of Trump tweeting is that the
early-morning tweets especially the
early-morning tweets on weekends are the
president's own handiwork and come
straight from the heart and mind of the
President of the United States but there
is a clue that the president may have
had help with this strange tweet the
word fabrication is not a Donald Trump
word that's an 11-letter word that could
easily be it could easily be used the
word the three-letter word lie instead
so maybe the president had help with
this tweet which would make it all the
more strange because it would indicate
that there was a motivation for the
tweet that made enough sense to someone
who might have been helping
with that tweet the last sentence of the
tweet I did not know about it is
President Trump's own legal defense it's
his way of saying this meeting poses no
criminal rista me I am guilty of nothing
in relation to this meeting he could
have been more specific and said I did
not know about the meeting before the
meeting occurred as Michael Cohen
Transformer lawyer now insists that
Donald Trump did know about the meeting
before the meeting occurred and knew
that the meeting was to get information
from Russians about Hillary Clinton what
everyone has been buzzing puzzling over
about this tweet since it went out was
why did President Trump say quote this
was a meeting to get information on an
opponent with that sentence the
President of the United States admitted
the purpose of the meeting was exactly
what the president's harshest critics
have always said the purpose of the
meeting was to get information on
Hillary Clinton the original Trump lie
about this meeting was that the meeting
was about Russian adoptions but the
president's lawyers were forced to admit
in a letter to the special prosecutor
that President Trump actually dictated a
false statement to the New York Times
about that meeting knowing that it was
false a statement saying that the
meeting was about Russian adoptions the
legal implications of the president's
tweet are gravely threatening to the
president's son this was a meeting to
get information on an opponent totally
legal and done all the time in politics
but it's not done all the time in
politics and it's totally totally
illegal if it is a meeting with foreign
citizens trying to help the Trump
campaign federal law makes it a crime
for a foreign national to quote directly
or indirectly help an American campaign
with financial contributions or quote
other an other thing of value federal
election law recognizes opposition
research as quote a thing of value
federal election law makes it a crime to
quote solicit accept or receive a thing
of value to a campaign for foreign
national the email traffic setting up
the meeting in Trump Tower during the
campaign
with Russian nationals shows Donald
Trump jr. eagerly soliciting what the
emails call dirt on Hillary Clinton
after he was told the Russian government
officials had Clinton dirt to contribute
to the Trump campaign the president's
tweet yesterday said that the meeting
quote went nowhere the Trump line of
defense about the meeting was that the
Russians didn't hand over any dirt on
Hillary Clinton and as we sit here
tonight we don't know if that's true we
don't know what happened in the meeting
we don't really know what happened after
the meeting we don't know whether the
Russians ever directly handed over dirt
to the Trump campaign about Hillary
Clinton directly to dump Trump jr. or
anyone else in the campaign but there
are three ways to violate federal
election law on contributions from
foreign nationals the Trump line of
defense says that the Trump campaign did
not actually receive any dirt on Hillary
Clinton from the Russians and so there
was no crime they are now insisting that
the meeting was legal because they did
not receive any dirt on Hillary Clinton
and so if that is true Donald Trump jr.
is not guilty of having received a thing
of value for the Trump campaign from
Russians but he did solicit it it is
illegal quote to solicit accept or
receive a thing of value from a foreign
national the email traffic shows that
when Donald Trump was told that Russian
officials had dirt on Hillary Clinton he
said I love it
other emails show Donald Trump jr.
eagerly setting up the meeting in which
he hoped to accept and receive help from
the Russians all down from juniors eager
maneuverings to set up the meeting could
fit the legal definition of solicit
president Trump reportedly knows that
and according to one report has
expressed worries about Donald Trump
Jr's legal jeopardy which brings us back
to why why would the president write a
tweet yesterday morning that might put
his son in even more legal jeopardy
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
