this weekend makes it one year since
Charlottesville undoubtedly the most
racially charged period of a racially
charged presidency so to kick off this
week of reflection and thought the
president is tweeting about LeBron James
the NBA star said the president uses
sports to divide people so here's the
president's response quote LeBron James
was just interviewed by the dumbest man
on television Don Lemon he made LeBron
look smart which isn't easy to do I like
Mike insulting the intelligence of a
black athlete and a black journalist
isn't anything new for Trump but why
here's how teams Sullivan put it in
today's USA Today quote we have come to
this a president with a fourth-grade
vocabulary and an aversion to truth
devoid of compassion and impulse control
is attacking the intelligence of a
basketball star who just donated 50
million dollars to build a school for
at-risk students that the most powerful
man on the planet is also among the most
peevish is by now a given that Donald
child would rather do battle with black
athletes the malevolent dictators is at
a minimum reflective of his skewed
sensibilities and his willingness to
pander to the racist element in his face
joining the conversation Kim Atkins
chief Washington reporter for the Boston
Herald columnist and author mike lupica
and at the table Brett Stevens op-ed
columnist at the New York Times all
lucky for us MSNBC contributors Kim let
me ask you to weigh in and let me just
put up for our viewers this was a list
we threw together of some of the hottest
sand ugliest flash points of the trump
presidency Charlottesville as we
mentioned the attacks on Frederico
Wilson by him and his chief of staff or
they called her whacky attacks on Maxine
Waters which are ongoing they call her
an extraordinarily low IQ person calling
NFL players sons of bitches and telling
them they're all fired and calling
African nations shithole countries the
president obviously very agitated by
successful and/or powerful black men and
women and I think that's the point that
I was going to make you hit it on the
head powerful people of color black
people who dare to criticize him or his
policies in particular mean I thought it
was interesting that he said I like Mike
in that tweet because up to now Michael
Jordan is not somebody who has been
really prominent really out out front in
protesting the president although he did
say that he supported LeBron in this
effort but he attacks the people who
either he sees as a threat like
President Obama remember when he
questioned how he got into Columbia
University or Oprah as insecure anybody
who challenges that narrative who is a
black person or a person of color is
immediately targeted by this president
above other people who do the same it's
I think it's not enough to say that he's
doing this to appeal to his base this
obviously is something that the
president clearly feels it comes from
the gut it seems to be one of the more
honest moments that we see from him when
he does this sort of lashing out mike
lupica you draw a line from LeBrons work
as sort of a reluctant warrior for
social justice through Billie Jean King
Arthur Ashe talk about the place LeBron
is carving out at this moment of
complete is a complete vacuum of
leadership in Washington LeBron seems to
be feeling an important place in the
conversation Nicole I think this guy is
in the process of leading a great
American life and it's he's going to
build it out of his own experience in
Akron Ohio and I think he's going to be
a world figure the way Arthur Ashe was
the way Billie Jean King has a Ally did
not start out wanting to change the
world he didn't want to get drafted and
he didn't want to go to Vietnam and then
over his life he became an important
figure in in the area of social justice
LeBron is only 33 years old think how
far he can go with this and any and
again it's Kimberly was saying you look
at this the both sides of this debate he
can't just say that he's angry at what
LeBron James said he has to imply that
he's stupid it's like when the Meryl
Streep took out after him not only did
he not like that she was a bad actress
too so he ascribes all of these other
qualities to people who have hurt his
feelings
but he can't win this fight with LeBron
James I keep saying this Nicole one guy
is starting the I promise school the
other guy comes at this from Trump
University
it's a good point right and you've also
got you've got sort of the Sinister and
and and and and the ugly underbelly of
Trump and his supporters not just
tolerating the racism of Donald Trump's
presidency but cheering him on I mean I
it's chilling to watch the video of him
calling NFL players sons of bitches they
cheer they were LeBron maybe a
miscalculation because he seems to draw
a pretty wide base of support and among
a lot of children yeah speaking of
stupid how about attacking the most
popular charismatic sports figure in
America that's that's a really smart one
coming from a politician I do want to
say I have a fourth-grade daughter Katya
and her vocabulary is much larger in
reference to the quote you read but look
this is this is part of a pattern that
we've seen from this president now for
years going back at least to the
birtherism the constant use of very
basic very malevolent insidious racist
tropes in order to stir up the most
bigoted aspects of his base it's not I
mean the pattern that you pointed out
always questioning the intelligence of
African Americans whether they're media
or sports or or or elsewhere this is oh
and and and and of course congressman
Waters congresswoman waters that that's
something there's something that's at
play there and that needs to be pointed
out the fact that this is a year's
anniversary of Charlottesville ought to
remind us exactly what this presidency
is about and of course it's not just for
African Americans although it is for
African Americans it's for other
minorities throughout the world
mexican-americans so many people that
he's attacked can I just say first of
all when he was talking about the most
charismatic the most credible athlete I
assume you're about to say you mean
Steph Curry wouldn't start tagging Steph
Curry yes he attacks prominent he baits
his base any attacks prominent African
Americans who have attacked him he does
that for sure but he also labels all
African countries in in private s whole
countries right he's really had ISIL and
you didn't she's ruthless and healthy so
that was ELISA
he's not just like he's not just a
malign political figure he's a racist on
the day that the Access Hollywood video
came out and the day that John does his
emails first started getting disseminate
on the internet that same day October 7
2016 was when Donald Trump was giving
statements to news organizations saying
despite DNA evidence I still believe the
Central Park five are guilty and should
be put to death
the president made was that that is a
campaign that he waged a racist campaign
against not powerful african-americans
he's been doing it forever the history
of racism in the family and it runs
straight through him it's not restricted
just to LeBron James the world he like
black people across the board Whoopi
Goldberg and I used to debate sitting in
her car whether or not he was a bigger
racist or misogynist and it was around
this time it was when the Access
Hollywood tape was out but it was around
the time when when he was still
attacking it was still with the
birtherism and still with the attacks on
the on the central part what do you
think it is that his supporters baked
into their support for him because I
don't think that every Trump supporter
is a racist well I think there are I
think there are a lot of racist Trump
supporters and I think there are a lot
of not racist Trump supporters who are
willing to tolerate the racism because
they like it for other reasons what are
the reasons the other reason that they
like him they like him because they're
they're willing to vote for him because
they like the Supreme Court judge they
like the tax cuts they like that he
expresses their sense of grievance or
economic anxiety I can make fifty of
things that they think the Trump gives
voice to that they're they're willing to
sort of say I they probably have not
confronted their own deep racism in some
senses but they would say that they're
in favor of racial equality but that
they don't think they think Trump's just
talking about that stuff they don't see
it as it says insidious as it is and
they're willing to excuse it I'm not
saying this should be willing to but
they are when you're smart because I
think there are other things the Trump
plenty of there plenty of Trump
supporters who come by their support
honestly and I don't think it's for us
to that's the question that we ought to
be explaining to them without making
allegations about what they're willing
to excuse or not we ought to be
explaining why this is so you have a
child you should know already so I'm not
explaining than any Trump voter my pair
included why it's I mean you associate
with someone who's a racist and you get
the taint of being a racist as well I
think we're done with that I think that
was the excuse in 2016 when he was an
unknown we're now 365 days after
Charlottesville he is no governing as an
American president who is also a racist
enough believe me I know
but as Abraham Lincoln said a long time
ago a drop of honey draws more flies
than a gallon of gold I guess I guess I
don't want those flies anymore
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
