thing one tonight meet Republican
congressman Ron Estes of Kansas's sports
district Estes has had a pretty smooth
ride up the ladder in GOP politics first
as County Treasurer and state treasurer
a charmed political life as the Wichita
Eagle called it and last year he became
a US congressman after winning a tough
race in a special election for the seat
vacated by monk Mike Pompeo i'm ron
estes after eight years of Obama America
is weaker and the swamp is deeper than
we thought
and now the liberal activists are trying
to steal this election by supporting a
Bernie Sanders back lawyer because they
know he will vote the way Pelosi tails
into so much going on that
metaphorically Ron asked has won that
race by more than 6 points but the
problem with winning a special election
is you only get to finish out your
predecessors term so Ron Estes is now
running for re-election and Ron Estes
has himself a Republican primary
challenger and the guy coming for Ron
Estes is another dude named Ron Estes
and that thing's him in 60 seconds
Republican congressman Ron Estes of
Kansas is facing a tough challenger in
tomorrow's primary Ron Estes it's a
different run Estes running against the
incumbent Ron Estes and these two Estes
yz-plane don't like each other
challenger Estes filed right under the
deadline at the end of May and secured
the website real Ron Estes comm response
congressman Estes added a whole page to
his website titled imposter Ron Estes
now there's been a lot of drama over how
the to run Estes ease will be listed on
the ballot state elections board will
let the congressman be identified as Rep
Ron as to which normally wouldn't be
allowed but according to secretary state
Kris Kobach it would just cause too much
voter confusion otherwise congressman
Estes now has a second campaign yard
sign with the word rep on it kind of
like a post-it as he puts it meanwhile
the other Estes will go by Ron and asked
us on the ballot and now Rep Ron Estes
is attacking the middle initial hi this
is rep Ron Estes if you haven't voted in
in primary yet I want to remind you to
get out of vote this Tuesday just
remember there are two run Estes is on
the ballot I'm listed as rep Ron Estes
the other one is backed by Democrats and
listed as Ron M masters just remember
the M stands for misleading ah
misleading no says Ron and Estes the n
stands for America okay well we were
going to guess Milhouse results should
be in around this time tomorrow night
and then we'll find out which Estes is
bestest hey there are Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
