the other top story tonight is the
exposure on the Trump Tower meeting with
the Russians Donald Trump's clear
bombshell admission that he was lying
the true goal was to do something that
might be illegal to get foreign help
with his campaign but he still added one
more thing that may or may not be true
that he claims he didn't know about it
but when did he learn about it is it
even plausible given what we've learned
and what's come out that there was this
significant meeting in Trump Tower and
he was out of the loop well we like to
go to people who have reason to know
Barbara rest so you see on the right and
that photo who worked for Trump inside
that very tower she was a top executive
for 20 years and she joins me now
Barbara's is also the author of all
alone on the 68th floor it's a it's a
evening of powerful guests if I say so
myself we add you to the roster so first
Barbara thanks for being here my
pleasure based on your knowledge of how
Donald Trump works how the Trump
organization functions do you think that
this ongoing defense is plausible and
probably true or implausible and trouble
and probably false well based on my
opinion and that is based on my
experience I think it's not true I can't
imagine on a circumstance in which
Donald Trump would not know about
something that important being planned
in a meeting in my experience we often
even meetings that we were planning to
attend that we were attending because
other people were not high enough for
Donald to attend we would discuss them
beforehand he often told us what's the
same were to ask yeah I mean one thing
that many of us have in common with with
Donald Trump is haggling who wants to
pay full price am i right let's take a
look at him you talking about that and
details take a look when people come in
to buy something especially very rich
people they see details if something's
wrong they see it and it reflects in the
price
that's why I'm up early in the morning
to check every detail of my construction
sites what is that
can you haggle without details and can
you brag in a public speech as he did
that he'd have new dirt on Clinton if he
wasn't read into the details yes I and
that occurred to me at the time when he
when he when he said that and then a few
days later we learned about the meaning
I mean it absolutely and so when he does
this thing that he's doing now what what
do you recognize it as he clearly wants
to help his son there's widespread
reported he's worried that Muller could
indict his son but I can tell you I'll
give you my analysis and I'm curious in
yours
if you are in trouble for the criminal
mindset of obstructing a probe and you
do things that reveal more of your
criminal mindset you're not helping your
son and you're potentially hurting him
you would say that and that would be a
normal reaction but that's not the way
Trump thinks I mean he thinks he can do
everything and improve every situation
he thinks he has control and that's what
he's doing he's exercising control and
so do you think in trying to seize that
control he may be losing control I think
ultimately you will be losing control I
don't I don't see it right now I mean
some people are saying yes but other
people are looking at the situation
wondering where we're going to go with
more and what's going to happen so we
have to stay tuned hey I'm aria
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
