welcome back even after the top US
security officials issued a harsh
warning last week that Russia is trying
to interfere again in the midterms the
president kept up his attacks on what he
calls the Russian hopes here's what
republican senator roy Blunt and
Democratic senator Amy Klobuchar told
Chuck yesterday on Meet the Press the
central threat of the family of the
fabric of democracy is people having
confidence that what happened on
Election Day is what really happened
another discussion about all the
information that may have led voters to
that decision that's where the Russians
appear to be more vigorous right even
this time than they were last time how
confident are you that the 2018 midterm
elections are going to be legitimate I'm
very concerned that you could have a
hack that finally went through joining
me now is Jay Johnson former homeland
security secretary under President Obama
now secretary thank you for joining us
I'm an extra same question that Chuck
asked senator klobuchar are you
confident that our 2018 elections are
gonna go off on meddled with unate Act
well I'm going to disappoint you a
little bit Katie because there are very
few absolutes in national security and
in homeland security
I agree and I haven't read an
intelligence report in 18 months since I
left office but I agree instinctively
with what we heard last week from the
five national security officials that
there has been a considerable amount of
work done by state election officials
when it comes to election infrastructure
cyber security and that the larger
threat we need to be concerned about
which is apparently ongoing is
disinformation misinformation extreme
views published and republished by
foreign powers by with a foreign
influence and I don't have confidence at
all that we have our arms around that
that we understand the full extent of it
I think we're still understanding the
full extent of that campaign from 2016
how do we get our arms around that
because they're very clearly exploiting
a tenant of American democracy which is
the the sharing of ideas
speech how do you combat against our
strength is our weakness isn't it we are
vulnerable to fake news we are
vulnerable to people publishing Andry
publishing extreme views because the
information highway now is essentially
unregulated virtually anyone with a
keyboard can get access to it and there
very few barriers to entry or barriers
to exit and so I happen to believe them
when it comes to regulating speech
political debate government and security
agencies of our government have to be
hesitant to intervene this is a
responsibility of the social media
companies I think to a very large extent
it is the responsibility of social media
providers internet service providers to
insist on attribution and monitor and
regulate things that go out to the to
the American public still 21 states had
their election systems hacked into are
you confident that those two systems are
still secure that that there was an
information that was stolen that will
now be used against those systems like I
can of course I can't be confident of
that that was a big concern of ours in
2016 which is why I issued so many
public statements warning of this threat
and why we encourage state election
officials to work with us apparently
there's been considerable work done over
the last year or so we're now in the
midst of that election campaign so I
think we are better than we were but
there are still vulnerabilities very
definitely and there are a number of
best practices out there that state
election officials should be adhering to
to the full extent possible keep ballot
counting and vote counting and
tabulation off the internet and have
redundancies over and over again Wow
whether it's a paper ballot or some
other system of redundancy the ability
in case the system fails to have a
backup to have an accounting of votes
there are a number of best practices and
there are organizations like Center for
American Progress that have done a lot
of good work
what a maid it made a material
difference if the president was standing
next to his intelligence intelligence
chiefs last Thursday that's a good
question I would say that inevitably
when the president says it people
listened more now the next question
you're going to ask me is why didn't
President Obama say something in 2016
and the question in 20 the circumstances
in 2016 I think were very different
because we were in the midst of a
presidential election campaign and we
were concerned then that by injecting
the president into that debate would
have created a whole different dynamic
but very definitely I think the American
public needs to hear from President
Trump that this is something that we
should take seriously and this is what
we are doing about it specifically let's
talk about an article that came out in
the Atlantic I think it was just today
it's arguing that President Trump has
radicalized ice you at jurisdiction over
ice for many years as the director of
Homeland Security what has changed under
this administration with that particular
branch well a lots changed as that
article notes in the last several years
of the Obama administration when I was
secretary
we gave ice very specific guidance about
what our priorities should be for people
who are deported to focus on the
criminals to focus on threats to public
safety ms-13 for example and they did
that they actually did that so the
number of deportations went down but the
percentage of those deported who were
convicted criminals went up and little
known fact morale within ice my last
year in office went up a set a whole
seven percentage points according to the
federal employee viewpoint survey
because they did what we asked them to
do which is focus like law enforcement
officers on Public Safety so then why
did the the
Union for ice workers endorsed the
president and and why are we hearing
from from folks at ice including the the
head of ice Thomas Holman say things
like Donald Trump took the handcuffs off
ice well you'd have to ask Tom that
question I know that Tom Holman and I
worked together very effectively and
essentially enforcement in rural go ups
the these our law enforcement personnel
and we asked them to function as law
enforcement personnel and they did that
and I don't know whether there's a
strict correlation but morale definitely
went up in ice my last year in office
because these are officers dedicated to
public safety and with the limited
resources Congress gives them there's
only so much they can do so I continue
to believe that their focus needs to be
on Public Safety working with the
so-called sanctuary cities and we made a
lot of progress in tearing down those
walls so that we could do that and
unfortunately everyone's gone to their
neutral corner there's a there's a
movement to abolish ice it's been
painted as a racist agency an agency
that is doing more harm than good it
doesn't have a good approval ratings
from progressives obviously with the
abolished ice movement you've argued
that they shouldn't abolish ice but
there should be a change in in
leadership and there should be a change
in the functionality or that or the
direction of ice isn't that essentially
the same thing
no abolishing the agency is not the same
thing as giving them a whole different
policy direction just isn't that I mean
that's doing everything but changing the
name I would disagree there are a lot of
people who objected to the Vietnam War
in the 60s but very few people said we
should abolish the Department of Defense
and try to reconfigure it in some other
way
ice is removal operations but it's also
Homeland Security it investigates crime
having to do with customs and the border
counterfeit currency child pornography
they do a lot of very very important
things I just believe that the focus
needs to be in a certain direction for
the benefit of Public Safety don't just
go after the low-hanging fruit
and I do want to get you on on the
record in terms of the president and
raced over the weekend he he tweeted
about LeBron James and Don Lemon over at
CNN called them dumb there are folks out
there who point to that and say this is
proof that the president if he's not a
racist and has racist thoughts there are
folks that are saying that today what's
your take on this I am hesitant to brand
somebody a racist or to call something
racism me personally that's that's not
my style I wish that we could instead of
focusing on that tweet in that exchange
focus on the positive aspects of what
LeBron James was actually trying to do
which was this is a successful
professional athlete who wants to give
back to his community and open a school
that effort has been drowned out by this
whole debate about this one tweet from
the president United States I'd rather
see us focus on someone who is a
successful professional athlete who
wants to get back to his community and
all the good things he's trying to
accomplish so why is the president not
focusing on that well I wish he would
and I wish he would recognize some of
the good things that LeBron James and
others are trying to accomplish rather
than focus on one comment that
apparently was made in the course of
that interview Jay Johnson wish we had
the whole hour to talk my friend thank
you so much we appreciate it
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
