ken I want to start with you Rick gates
testifying that he was involved in
criminal activity with Paul Manafort
yeah that's right Katie and that part
was expected but he did solve a mystery
for us just now I just stepped out of
the courtroom where the testimony was
absolutely riveting all along during
this trial the defense has been saying
that Rick Gates embezzled money from
Paul Manafort and there was no
allegation that the government has ever
made that that took place well it turns
out that Rick Gates did do that he
admitted it on the stand and he said
that the only reason the government knew
about it is because he volunteered the
information he was essentially faking
expense accounts so it causing money to
be wired from these overseas accounts
that both men used that were outside the
reach of US taxes and he said it was
around a couple of hundred thousand
dollars that he admits now stealing from
mr. manna for and he said this as part
of this kind of ritualistic process that
you see with cooperating witnesses where
they get up on the stand and the
prosecution starts grilling them about
all the crimes they've been charged with
all the crimes that are admitting to and
Gates is admitting to everything he said
that he was indicted with Paul Manafort
on bank and tax fraud charges and he is
guilty of all those charges and then he
said he's guilty of other conduct
including this embezzlement that the
government didn't know about he talked
about writing a false letter in an
investment scheme and some other lives
that he told in unrelated situations
even talked about violating the terms of
his bail when he was 15 minutes late for
a curfew why is he doing that because
prosecution does not want one thing that
the defense can raise that the jury
doesn't already know about from direct
they don't want any surprises when Gates
gets up there on cross they're trying to
build his credibility they introduced
him and pointed out that he worked for
Paul Manafort as a protege for 10 years
he actually started as an intern right
out of college with the former firm of
black Davis and mana 4 and he took on
increasing responsibilities until he was
essentially doing mr. manna ports
bidding in the business transactions of
the firm including wiring money from
overseas accounts and in the process of
that he is saying we committed tax fraud
we committed bank fraud together and mr.
manna for was directing that Katie and
he embezzled money let me get this
straight he embezzled money from Paul
Manafort so he committed a crime against
his former boss who he is now
saying he committed crime with as well
given that the prosecution must find him
to be a particularly worthwhile witness
if he was that shady behind the scenes
why would they just give me an idea of
how valuable Ric Gates is given that he
is also so tarnished well given what I
just saw in the courtroom I think he's
incredibly valuable he's a calm polished
articulate witness he's a military
veteran the prosecution pointed out he
served honorably in the Virginia
National Guard and yes you're absolutely
right he's guilty of crimes he's
admitting crimes but this is very common
Katie in these kinds of trials
co-operators are not the sisters of
mercy they are the criminals who
participated in the schemes and will
come forward and and you're absolutely
right the prosecution has to plumb the
depths of that including this
embezzlement yes what he is saying is
that he submitted false expense reports
behind mana forts back and caused
hundreds of thousands of dollars to be
transferred to his accounts that weren't
his he's saying he did that but he's
sort of painting this picture of
basically a crime spree that he and mana
fort were in the middle of so it's not
surprising that he decided to defraud
the man who was defrauding the Ukrainian
clients with him and so yes that's what
the prosecution is telling the jury up
front
this guy's a criminal he lied but
they're also pointing out the terms of
his plea agreement are if he lies on the
stand that's null and void so he gets no
sentencing we're done and they walked
the jury through that whole process and
is this the first time that he and mana
Ford have been in the same room together
since gates made a plea deal yes and
it's very dramatic I mean he's literally
less than 20 feet away from mr. man
report sitting in the witness stand
Manta Fortas sitting across town I can
only see the back of mana forts head
from where I'm sitting in the courtroom
but mana Ford has turned in his
direction and one can only imagine what
is going through mana forts mine because
if you believe the prosecution version
of the case gates knows all his secrets
and he's about to expose them to the
jury if you believe the defense version
Gates is setting mana fort up and
framing him we'll have to see which
version the jury believes can number one
how long can we expect gates to be on
stand and number two what does mana
Ford's defense right now well look they
were really motoring through gates this
testimony generally
this court wraps up at 5:30 so but I got
a believe he'll be back tomorrow on
direct and then there will be a lengthy
cross-examination and the defense really
rests on tarnishing gates there was some
devastating testimony before gates from
Cindy LaPorta the accountant and tax
preparer who basically made the jury
understand fully that she had no idea
that Paul Manafort had overseas accounts
that he was supposed to explode on his
taxes she prepared the taxes she had no
idea they existed that was very
persuasive testimony of a crime having
nothing to do with rick gates but now
the prosecution has to show that they
think that rick gates is at the center
of the misdeeds the paul Manticore is
accused of and some of these crimes were
being committed can while the two of
them were working for the Trump campaign
yes well this conduct yeah I mean most
of it happened before but some of these
loans and the alleged bank fraud and tax
fraud continued yes right up until the
time because mana fort was broke as you
said in the intro he was strapped for
cash he was in debt he could barely pay
his health insurance bills at the time
he was working for Donald Trump and so
prosecution alleges that some of these
bank fraud some of the misrepresented
misrepresentations to banks happened
well into 2016 and beyond hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more beat the press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
