joining us now from the courthouse NBC's
intelligence and national security
reporter Kendall a Mian Ken we were just
speculating about this last night about
when this might happen and it sounds
like it's a little quicker than we might
have thought and then we are gonna hear
from gates very soon
that's right Casey and I'll just relate
to you what happened in the courtroom
that led us to understand that fact
Cindy LaPorta the accountant was on the
stand being cross-examined by the
defense and Manta Ford's lawyer Kevin
downing was asking her about some very
complicated tax matters and then he said
would it change your answer if you knew
that Rick Gates had embezzled millions
of dollars from Paul manna for and then
there was an objection
by the prosecution and downing answered
well mr. gates has that evidence he's up
next and about 30 reporters scrambled
out of the courtroom - yes not as fast
as I should have been perhaps but
Cynthia LaPorta is still on the stand
there's some redirect by the prosecution
to recall that she's the accountant who
acknowledged submitting information on
manna forts taxes that she wasn't sure
was accurate and turned out to be
inaccurate and caused what the
prosecutors say was a tax fraud and in
the same with a bank loan she
essentially testified under ran of
immunity and and sort of admitted being
complicit in a what prosecutors call a
bank fraud now downing spent a while on
the stand trying to fuzz that up and
suggest that there could be alternate
explanations and perhaps it wasn't
criminal maybe it could have just
resulted in an IRS fine that really
wasn't conclusive I think the most
important was that witness of the trial
were about to see because it's all
hanging on rick gates at this moment if
Manta Ford's defense is that Rick Gates
was embezzling millions of dollars and
he orchestrated this fraud perhaps he
has some evidence because we haven't
seen any of that yet hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
