First Lady Melania Trump is again
breaking with her husband
this time defending NBA superstar LeBron
James who the president insulted on
Twitter on Friday Trump tweeted LeBron
James was just interviewed by the
dumbest man on television Don Lemon
he made LeBron look smart which isn't
easy to do I like Mike Trump was
referring to a CNN interview in which
James criticized the president as being
divisive what I noticed over the last
few months that he's kind of used sport
to kind of divide us and that's
something that I can't relate to because
I know that sport was the first time I
ever was around someone white you know
and I and I and I got an opportunity to
see them and learn about them what would
you say the president he's sitting right
here I would never sit across level the
interview was part of James's effort to
promote the new school he just opened
for at-risk students in his hometown of
Akron Ohio he did not respond to Trump's
attack but first lady Melania Trump did
her spokesperson saying quote it looks
like LeBron James is working to do good
things on behalf of our next generation
adding she would be open to visiting the
I promise school in Akron all right I
need to go through this joining me now
Washington Post opinion writer my friend
Jonathan Capehart Republican strategist
Rick Tyler and the one and only Kara
Swisher executive editor of a recode all
right Jonathan - you first
why would president Trump attack not
just a wildly popular athlete like
LeBron James but specifically on this
week when he has spent millions and
millions of dollars to help
underprivileged kids in the state of
Ohio you might not even like LeBron
James but you're gonna back him after
something like this yeah I think you
know President Trump is all about
distraction so by going after one of the
most popular athletes in the country
that's part of it the other part of it
is that he sort of I guess hate watches
Don Lemon and he has attacked on lemon
in the past and so that's part of it the
other part of it and the more pernicious
part of it is that he he can't stand the
fact
that there is an african-american who is
probably as famous if not more famous
more highly regarded than he is doing
something that is actually real and
pertinent in the lives of of his
community there is no denying that what
LeBron James did last week was
extraordinary not just opening a school
for 240 at-risk youth
it's what that school what that school
does free tuition free uniforms
transportation if you live within 2
miles job placement programs were for
the parents of these children this is
the sort of holistic approach that you
know a functioning US government would
be nurturing would be fostering would be
celebrating instead we have the
President of the United States taking to
Twitter rage tweeting against a private
citizen doing good but this is the exact
kind of thing Ivanka Trump should be all
over and loving ricked I want you to
help me you're a Republican strategist
here when I read Charles blow the
opinion writer right the man is trying
to help at-risk children by opening
doors for them was being attacked by the
man who has put children at risk by
locking them in cages when I read that
tweak I was standing in line at Acme and
I could hear him drop a mic from a
thousand miles away how is this a good
strategy for the president it was a
terrible strategy look I think the thing
that Jonathan is right and building on
what Jonathan said I think when LeBron
James says that he would not sit with
Donald Trump I think that's so good
under his skin and he clearly was hate
watching Don Lemon
but looked at what the president is and
what let me start with Melania and
Ivanka here there's a lot of people
around the president including his
family who were very consumed or want to
manage their public personas their
public image and the problem is and it's
remarkable the president Trump they have
to actually distance themselves and try
to preserve their own reputation based
on what their husband or their father
says that's that's just really
in this case Melania Trump wasn't asked
Ivanka addresses things when she sits
down for an interview and she's asked
straight on and she's forced to address
it Kara you tweeted so much to unpack
here FLOTUS trying to make another run
for the exit this was on a Saturday she
was not at a press conference there was
no press briefing she voluntarily put
this statement out like this guys coming
back from a round of golf and she's
going here's your BLT guess what I just
did in the last hour
yeah yeah well I mean it's not so highly
dysfunctional I think you know it
there's there's the two things I then
tweeted after that maybe it's all part
of a he gets to do the crazy stuff for
the base and then they get to say no no
some of us disagree with them and we're
normal so I don't even know what's going
on here in terms of the uses of both
social media and statements and cross
statements I think John is right it's
it's a distraction and it's someone who
either they're doing in a very
calculating way or it's someone who
doesn't have control of their thumbs
essentially and and and it's hard to say
what but I think a lot of the people
around him that are trying to distance
themselves are almost as bad as he is in
a lot of ways because they stay there
and continue to support this mostly and
at the same time want to have the the
ability to say well we don't like this
part of it or we don't like that part of
it so it's all a little distasteful
overall for the whole group of them to
be doing this I think and it's and
especially when LeBron James is doing
something so wonderful for kids so it's
a real contrast they say that but does
it actually have any meaning Rick
there's loads of business leaders that
have said relist and I really like his
policies we just ignore his tweets but
if I'm Dan Gilbert who owns the
Cavaliers if I'm any of the NBA owners
or any other team this puts a huge
amount of strain on them they are public
people they do make public statements
that they now have to get in the middle
of this no put strain on them sorry no I
think that's absolutely right I mean
look everybody who comes in contact with
Donald Trump and his pledge fealty to
him seems to they're they're tarnished
and tainted with that image the problem
with Donald Trump is he holds a lot of
very old views he old holds very old
views on on race and I think
that and on women and on the jobs of the
future you know you combine all those
things and his base represents sort of
the last gasp of a 19th century mindset
you know we want to go into the future
with ideas new ideas and and and Donald
Trump represents the last gasp with the
past so look I think this is the this is
the end of that and we'll we'll get
through it
but in the meantime he just continues to
embarrass himself and his family members
apparently Kara according to the New
York Times
Trump has insulted someone via Twitter
at least 487 times
is there a point in which Twitter says
this is a violation of our ethics we're
gonna shut you down Oh funny you should
say that I'm writing about that this
week in the next column you know I don't
think so I think Twitter has sort of
laid out the position that he's the
president and what he says is important
and therefore we're going to publish it
I think there probably is a Rubicon he
could cross but he hasn't crossed it yet
for Twitter at least and it's hard to
say what it would take to do that
and so the question is you know will
will some of these social media
companies which have a lot of power
start to throttle things back you saw
Apple today pulling Alex Jones Infowars
off of iTunes in the podcasts which was
a big step it's a value step it's like
this is not allowed on our platform and
we'll see if these companies will
continue to do that even as they have
these very strong First Amendment
arguments on the other side but it's a
complicated issue and it's not easily
reduced to just I'm for free speech or
I'm against it Jonathan last point the
LeBron issue is it over and done with is
this just the president's 487 insult and
it moves on we haven't heard back from
mr. James no and I would be as very
surprised if we do hear back from LeBron
James he doesn't need to respond to the
president he's a bigger person a bigger
man than the president and I think he
should just keep doing what he's doing
look the president will come back and
he'll attack Don Lemon he'll attack
LeBron James the same way he continually
attacks Maxine Waters and other people
particularly people of color and
especially women of color he'll keep
coming back at it as long as one it
allows him to vent and
he gets approval from from his base
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
