well the French president is once again
putting focus on that Trump Tower
meeting potentially complicating legal
matters for his son over the high-level
sit-down Donald Trump jr. Jared Kushner
and then campaign chair who's in his
second week of his trial Paul Manafort
had with a Kremlin linked lawyer an
alleged former Russian intelligence
agency and Oleg arks representative and
an interpreter so what's wrong with that
well let's take a look at the shifting
story from the White House and the
campaign the New York Times first broke
the news of the Trump Tower meeting more
than a year after it happened Donald
Trump jr.
then released a statement saying we
primarily discussed a program about the
adoption of Russian children that
statement was a lie we credit
journalists who the president calls the
enemy of the people without end
son Don Jr and one we would later find
out was dictated by the President of the
United States
something the president's lawyer denied
he didn't have anything to do with the
statement that Don jr. put out that was
being worked on with his team no that
was written by Donald Trump jr. and and
I'm sure with it in consultation with
his lawyer because reporting that the
president okayed the statement well
they're incorrect reports then surfaced
that the meeting was actually about
information on Hillary Clinton prompting
Don jr. to release another statement the
next day admitting the meeting was about
campaign information but the lawyer then
changed the subject to adoption and
let's remind you adoption is really
about the magnet Magnitsky act and that
takes you back to sanctions so it was
never about Russian babies as questions
increased about the nature of the
meeting the president's son voluntarily
tweeted out screenshots of his emails
emails that made it very clear the offer
was on information on Clinton and the
source was part of quote the Russian
government's support for mr. Trump and I
want to quickly remind you last week at
a rally in Pennsylvania the President of
the United States told those rally
attendees some children
that Russia did not want him to win it's
bad for Russia well there you have it
right there not only did Putin two weeks
ago in Helsinki say he wanted Trump to
win well right there Don jr. said it in
an e-mail the very next week then White
House press secretary Sean Spicer gave
the administration's position there was
nothing that as far as we know that
would lead anyone to believe that that
there was anything except for a
discussion about adoption the Majin ski
act he mispronounced it nothing except
Don Junior's emails say it was about
information on a political opponent and
then two weeks later with Sarah Huckabee
Sanders at the lectern the White House
finally acknowledged the president's
involvement in drafting his son's
original false statement otherwise known
as a lie he certainly didn't dictate but
you know he like I said he weighed in
and offered suggestion like any father
would do but he did dictate it making
Sanders statement again a lie but the
president's son repeated this version in
his testimony to the Senate Judiciary
Committee saying his father may have
commented through hoe picks but a letter
from the president's lawyers to the
special counsel obtained by the New York
Times finally confirmed the President
did in fact dictate that lie casting
doubt on Donald Trump juniors testimony
remember lying to Congress is a crime
and as the administration tried to keep
its story straight the president tweeted
this over the weekend this was a meeting
to get information on an opponent
totally legal and done all the time in
politics that would be true if you
ignore the fact that this was a hostile
foreign government that was trying to
attack our elections and various
statements put out by both Donald Trump
jr. and the White House turned out to be
lies here's what I want to know why if
the President of the United States and
his campaign did absolutely nothing why
does the president and his son and the
president's lawyer continued to change
their stories Jay Sekulow said over time
the facts developed facts do not develop
sir facts are facts joining me now
Washington Post White House reporter
Robert Costa and former assistant US
attorney for the seven
District of New York me me raka okay Bob
to you first you are inside the White
House more than anybody I know Donald
Trump was on a radio show this morning a
conservative one that said oh this is
all the media narrative nothing ever
changes put this in perspective why it's
a big deal
you've got the court of public opinion
that doesn't change but in Robert
Muller's eyes how was this different
because Robert Muller didn't say
anything over the weekend
the President did because you have a
president weighing in on an active
investigation the president's talking
about the meeting with Don jr. and the
Russian lawyers in 2016 as we just
discussed the the original response from
the administration was that there was
nothing to see here this was about
adoptions the president eventually
changed the story so to Donald Trump jr.
what's so interesting about the timing
of the president's tweets
in response in a sense to the Washington
Post story about the ongoing scrutiny of
this whole moment back in 2016 is that
he the president has to make a decision
soon will he actually sit down with
federal prosecutors and talk about that
that exchange on Air Force One will he
talk about his knowledge of the meeting
with federal investigators in more than
a tweet that's the interview decision
lane before him okay so the president
and Don Jr have changed their story but
the story they're telling now is it was
totally legal we both know it's not
legal but what are they what's the
actual punishment what are the
ramifications well there are several
different crimes that could be charged
coming out of this set of facts I think
obviously it would need to be facts that
the government could prove if they were
going to charge it beyond a reasonable
doubt and we have bits and pieces of it
so you have to sort of look at Moeller
putting it all together and how does it
all you know look when you put it all
together but I think the possible crimes
are conspiracy to defraud the United
States the same conspiracy that's been
charged against the Russians and it
would be conspiring with the Russians to
do that by interfering with the sort of
fair administration of the election laws
that's one possible serious felony
another one as we've been discussing is
possible violation of the obstruction
laws and there's different prongs of
that but basically it would be
interfering with ongoing investigations
at the time that the Trump Towers
statement was put out the false air
one statement that we now know was
dictated by the president that were
already ongoing FBI and congressional
investigations now lying to the public
isn't a crime but I think again if you
put it in the broader context it can be
seen as part of an F like a broader
effort to mislead investigators so they
then Bob what in the world is the White
House strategy here it clearly it's a
violation and we see the White House
change their story over and over is the
game plan here my wife is about to catch
me cheating on her so why don't I just
get out in front and announce it and say
it's no big deal with this White House
Stephanie there's the White House the
administration and then there's
president Trump based in my
conversations with officials and friends
of the president in the last few days
it's really the president alone talking
with Mayor Giuliani his lawyer not the
president it's Jay Sekulow
and it's Don jr. and John jr. is the one
on the hook here and the president
wasn't answering the press badgering him
with questions he went out there
voluntarily Don Jr just went on a radio
show voluntarily and it reflects kind of
the isolation of that group is this is
not so much about Sarah Huckabee
standards is she going to get questions
about it to be sure as White House press
secretary but you just nailed it it's
Jay Sekulow it's Giuliani it's Don Jun
it's the family and the personal legal
team they're navigating these waters
together then what comes of this because
yes if they're speaking among themselves
that they're all out to dinner smoking
cigars at Nicole --is they could say
this doesn't matter and to a lot of
people in the country it doesn't but
doesn't matter to bob muller well look
Bob Muller probably knew what Trump
tweeted before Trump tweeted right it's
all of us saying Wow look what he just
admitted on Twitter right he obstructs
justice on Twitter and now he just made
a big omission on Twitter that's pretty
stunning but Muller already knew what
that meeting was about no doubt I mean I
think a lot of us had inferred it Muller
I'm sure has facts right evidence
witness testimony what that's about so
but yes it's still a big deal bye-bye
Trump saying this by him saying this is
what the meeting was about it takes away
any possible argument or defense they
might have had as crazy as we all might
have already thought it was they can't
make that and
prosecutors love to be able to say
something's indisputable which it now is
or Bob is the president testing the
American people because it's not Bob
Kosta that's gonna push the president
out of office it's the Republican Ron
Congress and if Congress takes a look at
the country and they don't seem to mind
if they're not pushing back if the
president again and again lies and
changes his story are the Mitch
McConnell and Paul Ryan's of the world
checking to see how the American people
feel about it and that's what's
important to the president because if
the American people say it's no big deal
he could end up being in the clear as
absurd as that sounds it comes back to
this point that you just comes up again
and again my reporting which is that
there's a president in the
administration and think about last week
the administration comes out to the
White House election talks about Russian
interference on Thursday hours later at
a rally in Pennsylvania the president's
talking about the Russia hoax and so you
have a president who really is testing
the limits of how far can he go in
publicly discrediting a Robert Muller
and his investigators knowing there
could be a subpoena fight on the horizon
knowing the midterms are just around the
corner hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
