upon man affords trial enters week
number two and all eyes are on his
former right-hand man Rick gates gates
seen as the prosecution's star witness
struck a plea deal back in February and
could testify as early as this morning
NBC's national security reporter Ken
Delaney and has been covering the trial
and joins me now
okie-doke rick gates why is this
testimony so central to the
prosecution's case and what will the
defense be doing to try to decimate him
I'm not sure it's central Stephanie but
it is very important and it could also
be somewhat dangerous for the
prosecution look prosecutors have
already put a lot of evidence into
before this jury that manna fort
committed crimes including that he
parked money in overseas accounts and
they put on an accountant who testified
under a grant of immunity and talked
about being ordered essentially to
commit bank and tax fraud but what they
haven't shown is anybody close to Paul
Manafort who can speak to his state of
mind his motives and Rick gates can
certainly do that Rick Gates was his
wingman Rick Gates has already admitted
participating in these alleged crimes
but here's the danger he's also admitted
that he lied to the FBI while he was
negotiating that plea agreement so the
defense is gonna do everything they can
to paint him as a liar who's just
talking to save his skin and the way
prosecutors are gonna counteract that is
by asking him very hard questions on
direct examination forcing him to
confront all his misdeeds before the
jury to build his credibility something
well they don't have to paint him as a
liar he is one walk me through this
because you've noted that Matt affort
was deep in debt and desperate for a way
out when he took the job with the Trump
campaign for me it blows my mind how a
guy who made that much money could blow
that much money but that's not for us to
judge why is that fact so important in
this case yeah this is actually the most
every leg took the job for free right
this is the most important revelation
that's coming out of this trial
Stephanie in terms of what it could mean
for the Russia investigation because we
we knew from the indictment that manna
Court was in dire financial straits as
of 2016 but this trial has offered
startling new details of Manta Ford's
financial collapse so by 2016 his firm
was losing more than a million dollars a
year they were having trouble paying
their health insurance bills and he came
to work for the Trump campaign as you
said for
free and here's what else we know he was
in debt to a Russian oligarch named Oleg
Deripaska to the tune of 10 million he
is close associate a man named
Constantine clinic had ongoing ties to
Russian intelligence services according
Robert Muller so it really raises the
question how desperate was Paul Manafort
when he was working for Trump and what
would he have been willing to do if the
Russians put the finger on and that's
the question that this trial is raising
Stephan desperate times did they call
for desperate measures ken thanks so
much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
