so you just women let me ask you about
that if you look at the poll numbers
they're not they're not liking you so
how do you overcome that right now with
the women they want security and they
want financial security too if they
don't go out and vote then they have
themselves to blame because they'll lose
wealth with the midterms now 20 days out
the president who yesterday called a
woman horseface and did so publicly on
Twitter said this today quote college
educated women want safety security and
health care protections very much along
with financial and economic health for
themselves in our country I supply all
of this far better than any Democrat for
decades actually that's why they will be
voting for me
Trump standing with women especially
those with college degrees has been an
issue since the presidential election
when he captured just 37% of that
group's vote in 2016 recent polling is
showing the Trump and the Republicans
have not won over a majority of women
just 33 percent have given their
approval of Trump when it comes to
Congress 60% of women prefer Democrats
to be in control as opposed to 32% a lot
of numbers in there unaccounted for of
course preferring Republicans with us
tonight to talk about all of it Katie
Rogers White House correspondent for The
New York Times and Sabrina Siddiqui
political reporter for The Guardian
Sabrina I want to show you something
provided you can see it there in your
studio we've put together a graphic of
17 different frames largely the same
scene this is the Cabinet Room West Wing
of the White House we have highlighted
the lower right and colorized it for a
reason of the 17 cabinet meetings the
only one we could find where the
president is flanked by female members
of his cabinet was today now do you
think that would have any relationship
of his now-famous use of the word
horseface yesterday well it's certainly
true that this is a president who lacks
diversity in his administration and that
has extended also to the representation
among women he has a history of making
comments that are insulting or Demi
toward women often of course as we know
commenting on their physical appearance
and it's certainly true that to some
extent it's been baked into the
perception of who he is a slim majority
of white women help propel him to the
White House and voted for him despite
the Access Hollywood tape in which he
bragged about coping and kissing women
without their consent but now he is of
course the President of the United
States and you do have that significant
gender gap that Republicans face well
into the double digits the these kind of
comments horseface come on the heels of
the very contentious Brett Kavanaugh
confirmation battle which also was a
polling showed women overwhelming he
disapproved of so there is the potential
for the president's comments and
demeanor to exacerbate the party's
problems when it comes to women voters
with just less with less than three
weeks till the November midterms so
Katie coming off the point Sabrina just
made and coming off of yesterday which
we will just not consider a day of
outreach to moderate voters do you think
the president at bare minimum can count
on the voters he had in 2016 to come out
in twenty days absolutely I mean
Republicans close to the president I've
talked to today Republican pollsters I
mean they're really making it clear that
the president used the Brett Kavanaugh
confirmation process to animate voters
who wouldn't necessarily have come out
for it to vote down the Republican
ticket because the president was not on
it he has somehow animated voters who
wouldn't have otherwise come out to say
yes you know I'm freaked out by what the
Democrats did during the Brett Kavanaugh
confirmation process I think that the
president is riding high because he
knows that he can stick to this game
plan of I'm only going to reach out to
people who already reach you know are
going to reach out to me he's not gonna
be a moderating force with three weeks
to go till this election I think that
that is very clear so Sabrina
what about moderates independence well I
think that it's true the Brett Kavanaugh
confirmation battle did energize voters
on both sides of the aisle but there was
one survey I believe by The Washington
Post and ABC that found 58% of women
after
Cavanaugh's confirmation did not think
that he should have been sent to the
highest court in the land and so there
is a real question as to how that might
play itself out at the polls and i think
when the president continues to use
derogatory terms to talk about women at
this particular moment in time when
republicans would rather he stay on
message and so far as he has one single
message to appeal to voters i would be
looking at those independent or even
republican leaning women in the suburbs
and whether or not those who reluctantly
voted for him in 2016 now have had your
nearly two years to see that what you
saw is in fact what you got that there
really was no moderating a shift when it
comes to the president nearly two years
into office and katie about that
building behind you the US capitol what
about the grown-ups what about the
republicans elected to seats in the
House and Senate can they still be
expected same level of support even
given what we've witnessed over the past
48 72 hours yeah I mean I I was talking
to you know I talked to Newt Gingrich a
couple hours ago by phone just saying
hey does this move the needle is this a
political problem the quite I mean
Republicans will say what this president
has done is unbecoming of his office but
the president in his tweet today
reaching out to college-educated women I
mean he has a problem he will have a
problem with them but he is resting on a
strong economy he's resting on good jobs
numbers and ultimately that is what
Republican grown-ups as you say that is
what is going to ring the bell for them
and for their voters and that's what
like that's what their gamble is to
alienate people who might might have you
know gone toward the middle or gone
toward a more moderate you know decision
I mean he's not he's not going to go for
that he's gonna go for people who
already support him hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
