President Trump spent part of this
weekend in a war of words with
basketball superstar LeBron James does
that really makes sense Myka if you're
worried about an upcoming election in
Ohio you want to attack
Ohio's favorite son right before that
special election the president tweeted
late Friday night LeBron James was just
interviewed by the dumbest man on
television Don Lemon
he made LeBron look smart which isn't
easy to do I like Mike a reference to
Michael Jordan the tweet followed an
interview by lemon of James of the new
school for at-risk children that LeBron
had just opened in his hometown of Akron
Ohio the interview included James
negative assessment of the president
saying Trump kind of used sports to kind
of divide us in the wake of the
president's tweet James has received a
wave of support including from Michael
Jordan a spokesman for the NBA legend
tells NBC News that he supports James
adding that he is doing an amazing job
for his community and it appears James
may have support from at least one
person in the White House First Lady
Melania Trump commended James on his
school saying in a statement that she'd
be open to visiting the facility her
spokeswoman maintained in a further
statement that mrs. Trump was not taking
sides on the matter that's saying it
sound like the United States saying on
you know December 8 1941 we're not
taking sides in the matter just over
five years ago Donald Trump had nothing
but praise for James tweeting Karachi
lations to King James on winning athlete
of the Year in last night's ESPYs LeBron
is also a great guy Joe yeah you know
great guy
how'd he go out you can almost hear yeah
this guy sounded like an old grumpy
white racist grandpa in Queens are are
you know in Alabama yeah yelling at his
TV set saying this black man is stupid
that black man is stupid I mean you know
you first would say well gee boy he's
really losing it because who would be
that racially insensitive
do that but no it actually is this
strategy it was with NFL players it is
with NBA players it's what Donald Trump
fake said he's told us till the staff
members basically attacking black
athletes that's really good for me
that's really good politically going
into the midterms I think you're
absolutely right Joe remember the speech
in Alabama when he went after NFL
players and called them s o B's it's a
sense in which Trump is always most
comfortable especially when he's in
trouble to be the kind of cultural
warrior that speaks to in some ways the
dark underside of the country in this
instance to go after LeBron really
reveals I think very clearly a pattern a
pattern that kind of speaks to his
ongoing belief about black folks and
women in particular because he has a
penchant to describe black people as
dumb he has that he has a tendency to
describe women as dumb they could not
just simply Maxine Waters but women
generally right so it seems to me this
is just Trump being the cultural warrior
and the irony of course is that this is
the man who found at Trump University
right this fraudulent thing and here's
LeBron James opening up a public school
in Cleveland right so you get you
couldn't get a better contrast of moral
human beings well in every phase of
their life Mike Barnicle and by the way
Melania spokesperson can say that she
wasn't trying to get involved but she
got involved in the middle of it and and
shows the side to LeBron yeah but Joe
this gets to what we were talking about
before the break and what Eddie just
spoke about
I mean race remains now and forever the
third rail of American life non American
politics and we really don't have a
handle on it and then we have a leader
the extensible leader of the United
States of America the president knighted
States who continually plays with it and
provoked and provokes people with it and
it's it's truly dangerous and it's going
to end even more badly than it already
is right now it would be bad enough if
it were restricted to African American
athletes and to African American women
female members of Congress
maxine waters but you think about it's
like you know you got here barack obama
first african-american president I said
so he's from Kenya Maxine water she's an
idiot Don Lemon he's an idiot black
athletes they're all ISO B's the Central
Park five guilty yeah black African
countries assholes if you think of
anything in political life cultural life
global life that associates itself with
people of dark pigmentation the
president adage thinks they're idiots
the evil fraudulent it's I mean it's not
just a pattern that extends just to the
fact that he's yes
he's obviously mal now knowing Colin
Kapernick and african-american NFL
players and LeBron James now but he
doesn't just restricts himself to to
that to one species of African America
or one category of African American if
you're black the president takes a crap
all over you publicly and this gets to
your point about toxins it's the most
consistent thing in his public profile
the ebu you can't find he's injected it
yeah other than Don King you can't find
an African American that the president
hasn't any respect for yeah it's such a
turn to to his private life before he
was in politics and when he actually
both personally and professionally had
friends had acquaintance acquaintances
in the black community and you know you
can talk to Reverend Al about it you can
talk to a lot of entertainers about it
so it is this it is this calculated
cynical David Duke like use of racism
for political gain but that you know
it's meet some always says it may be a
good starter but it's a terrible
finisher and I just you don't have to go
back that for John Heilemann
to predict what's going to see what's
happened in the past particular it's
going to happen in the future go back to
Doug Jones is special election in
Alabama I think one of the most
remarkable statistics that I've seen in
quite some time is the fact that
more Alabama black voters across what
they call the black belt in central
Alabama a higher percentage of black
voters came out to vote for Doug Jones
in that special election have been voted
for Barack Obama and Oh 8 and 12
percentage-wise that's unheard of it is
historic it's probably never happened
before and Donald Trump is the reason it
happened well right and Joe and I'll ask
Getty about this but it you know it that
the president thinks that this strategy
helps with his base clearly I mean I but
first of all I think is plenty of
evidence just to suggest the final
Trump's a stone-cold racist but beyond
that there's the politics of it he
thinks it helps with his base but as Joe
points out for every angry dispossessed
or SP leaks it seemingly dispossessed
self pitying white voter who likes the
fact that Donald Trump takes on every
African American in sight there is an
African American voter often an African
American female voters who saw an
Alabama
who is equally inflamed by Donald
Trump's behavior towards African
Americans and towards his tolerance
towards and even praised for white
nationalists and and neo-nazis for
instance in charlottesville bridge and
we saw those numbers we saw that
evidenced in Alabama and Virginia right
up but I think it's really important
that we not just simply think about
Donald Trump appealing to a racist base
he sits in the sweet spot between loud
racist the soft bigotry of liberals and
the contradictions of American
capitalists and what do I mean by that
so when so the loud races when he sends
out that bone when he played when he
throws out the red meat it's okay right
that that speaks to him right and it's
easy for us to condemn him but the soft
bigotry that's the silent majority right
those are those folks who believe that
big government's taking money from
hard-earned hard-working white people
and giving it to undeserving brown
people these are these are the folks who
want to keep their neighborhoods the way
they are they want to keep their schools
good these are the folks who are making
decisions that aren't overtly racist
they are actually committed to racial
equality but according to social science
data they are very skeptical of policies
that will actually remedy racial
inequality and then you have the kind of
contradictions the folks that are focal
who working there Baja
is off in rural America the folks who
are working their behinds off with three
jobs in urban America who can't make
ends meet and Donald Trump sits right in
that sweet spot and every time he
engages in the cultural war he's
throwing a bone to the loud races but
he's also nestling into that spot and so
it's easy for us it's easy for us to
think that we can just you know denounce
him as the loud racist but that's not
the source of his power
the source of his power is that he sits
at the intersection of all three of
those things in my view well and he uses
his power this president to create a
policy that separates children from
their families and then attacks an
african-american sports hero who creates
a school for at-risk families the whole
thing is beyond ludicrous at this point
and really sad to use the president's
little term sad still ahead from the
very start of his presidency Donald
Trump has muddied what should have been
a clear message Russia interfered now
the Washington Post is taking a deep
dive into what exactly happened in 2016
and that is coming up next
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
