President Trump who is spending his
Sunday at his Golf Club in Bedminster
New Jersey taken to Twitter seemingly
hoping to deflect from the still ongoing
investigation by robert muller into his
campaign there was the familiar attack
this morning on quote the fake news the
enemy of the people
muller and the so-called 17 angry
democrats the fake dossier as he puts it
and of course the classic witch-hunt but
slipped in between those tweets is the
one getting the most attention
acknowledging the subject of a meeting
involving his oldest son and a lawyer
with close ties to the kremlin tweeting
fake news reporting a complete
fabrication that i am concerned about
the meeting my wonderful son Donald had
in Trump Tower this was a meeting to get
information on an opponent totally legal
and done all the time in politics and it
went nowhere I did not know about it
here's how one of trumps attorneys
responded this morning defending the
meeting according to the email that
special counsel Robert Muller has this
was a meeting to get information from
the Crown prosecutor of Russia on
Hillary Clinton's campaign how would
that be legal
well the question is how would it be
illegal I mean the real question here is
what a meeting of that nature constitute
a violation the meeting itself
constitute a violation of the law
Trump's tweet about that event
conflicting with a statement that Don
jr. had released to the New York Times
in July 2017 that the meeting had been
primarily about the issue of adoption of
Russian children by Americans a Trump
Tower meeting of course the subject of
special counsel Robert Muller's
investigation with that I would like to
welcome in my panel tonight join me on
set national political reporter for
Axios Jonathan Swan Craig Brower is a
former US attorney and FBI assistant
director Kendall a nyan who covers
security and intelligence for NBC News
and White House correspondent for
Bloomberg News Shannon petty piece along
with Ashley Parker doing Whitehouse Duty
for the Washington Post at trumps summer
getaway in New Jersey thanks to all of
you for being here on this Sunday night
I want to set the stage with you first
mr. Brower about the potential legal
jeopardy that the president is putting
himself in or not how do you assess the
statement that Jay Sekulow made there
essentially saying that it's not illegal
do you think that they are now in a
worse legal position than they were well
they're certainly not doing themselves
any favors with statements like this
I've said it before I'll say it again
it's a really bad idea for the subject
of an ongoing criminal investigation to
be speaking out like this especially by
way of Twitter it remains to be seen
what the Muller team will make of this
particular tweet but it's not
necessarily the case but it does not
create exposure
Jonathan Swan these tweets seem to be
the the product of the the phrase that
you have entered you introduced to the
world executive time at Bedminster and
there's apparently quite a bit more
executive time on the schedule the
president has a very light schedule this
week mostly executive time but at dinner
each night with supporters and business
leaders but I just want to get back to
this topic I think I feel like I'm going
crazy because Trump said exactly this
last July like I went back because I was
like oh I feel like he said this before
I went back to the to the quote and he
literally said last July most people
would have taken that meeting it's
called opposition research or even
research into your opponent that's very
standard in politics it's very standard
wherever they have information you take
the information so Trump has already
conceded that the purpose of this
meeting was to get information about his
political opponents so I mean sure like
it's a shocking thing to reverse
yourself in that way but he did it last
July so I was just kind of perplexed why
it was this rolling news story today as
we know then that he definitely had
crafted that statement with Don junior
back in July cuz we might have been
living in a world then where it was like
he weighed in the way any father would
but it wasn't to the point where even
his lawyers had acknowledged yeah he
wrote that statement so maybe now in
this new context but I mean if you're a
robert muller and you're going back and
looking through all these tweets yet he
definitely has a chronology of what's
been said went on Twitter that he can go
through any moment the answer to Seco
his question why would this be legal his
election law as he well knows as Greg
knows it's illegal for foreign nationals
to contribute to offer thing value it's
legal to solicit that thing of value and
even if no thing about
was transmitted this trumped our meaning
it's illegal to try it's a conspiracy
and so it's looking more and more like
Donald Trump jr. may have exposure here
that his father realizes that you know
you always wonder when when tweets like
this start appearing what's going on
behind the scenes there's a lot of churn
right now in the Russian investigation
Michael Cohen is on the bubble he may
cooperate Paul Manafort is on trial
manna forts lawyers got the FBI
interviews of Rick gates who knows what
Rick Gates has told the FBI about
potential collusion issues even so all
of this I think is factoring into Donald
Trump's tweets right now right and the
story that of course set the president
off this morning that he is concerned
about the meeting that his quote-unquote
wonderful son had in 2016 could possibly
have been this one in the Washington
Post quote president the president
privately broods publicly roars at a
precarious moment Ashley Parker was by
one on this news II piece with details
about Don juniors connection to the
Muller investigation and his role in
organizing that June meeting at Trump
Tower writing quote as one adviser
described the president's thinking he
does not believe his son purposefully
broke the law but it's fearful
nonetheless that Trump jr. inadvertently
may have wandered into legal jeopardy
Ashleigh this was a story from you and
your colleagues in the Washington Post
it put this in a little bit of broader
context for us these this this storm of
tweets that you know Jonathan Swan notes
we've heard echoes of in the past but
clearly the context that everyone is
living in very different now than it was
a year ago yeah that's exactly right and
this the irony is that the story this
post story that we wrote that prompted
this tweet where he's denying the story
the story says that he is privately
brooding and publicly roaring and that's
actually exactly what you saw in the
tweet you saw a man is brooding over our
story and then publicly came out with a
bit of a roar but what's happening now
in the context from a year ago is that
Muller's probe has expanded and as it
has the president has felt sort of at
times in his most introspective moments
pangs of culpability that these people
including even someone like Paul
Manafort he believes are getting
embroiled in something that would not be
happening were it not for their
connection with him and that is of
course most stark with his eldest name
sakes
Don Jr how how does Trump sort of
emotions and state of mind play into
this when it is his son as opposed to
kind of others around him I mean we know
that he's also concerned about people
like Pope Hicks who we also saw surfaced
this weekend yeah he is concerned about
everyone in his inner circle and he does
feel and he has said to people privately
that they would be getting treated
differently were it not for their
connection to him but with President
Trump as we know what he values most are
two things one is loyalty and one is
family so the closest person in there
who is actual family is his son Don jr.
and he is very upset and again he
doesn't believe his son intentionally
did anything wrong he thinks he may have
sort of inadvertently wandered into some
trouble or even if the very least his
son did absolutely nothing wrong but his
son is getting dragged before Congress
dragged before a mulher in the news and
it upsets him deeply Shannon I for you
mentioned kind of what we knew and
didn't know a year ago around this and
and one thing that had come out was that
the President himself dictated that
statement about the meeting aboard Air
Force One initially that was attributed
to his son and how in your view does
that play into this as far as you know
when we're trying to answer how much
legal jeopardy is Don jr. in here well
it would make it could potentially
depending on what's found wrongdoing
make the president co-conspirator in
some sort of a cover-up or some sort of
conspiracy with Russia that's the
concern here it's he a co-conspirator
with whatever wrongdoing if any
wrongdoing is found out there on the Don
jr. front I have you know heard from
people over the years exactly to
Ashley's point not over the years over
the months I should say it feels like
years obviously this idea that they hear
from the president saying gosh how did
Don Jr get caught up in this Don jr.
supposed to be off hunting somewhere and
raising money from Republicans in Texas
how is he just this the the president
almost couldn't believe that Don jr.
somehow got sucked in the middle of this
this kind of disbelief that Don Jr was
the one who got pulls in here
more from Ashley and her colleagues at
the post that despite his private
concern for those like Donald jr. in
public quote Trump is a man roaring the
president more than ever as channeling
his internal frustration and fear into a
ravenous ma of grievance and invective
he is churning out false statements with
greater frequency and attacking his
perceived enemies with intensifying fury
I'm Jonathan Swan it does seem and to
Shannon's point about losing track of
the time since it actually has not been
multiple years yet and if Trump
administration to fight the despite the
fact that we may all have aged that
amount of time what how does this
reporting on his State of Mind square
with what you know well I think the hard
thing
always with Trump is to gauge changes in
state of mind because it's a really a
moment-to-moment proposition he there's
been mornings where he fires it he'll be
angry about something that he's seen in
the New York Times and he does really
read the physical papers and you'll see
something that sets him off and he'll
fire off a tweet but then he will get
distracted and get a phone call and his
mood will literally change and out on a
dime so the thing I haven't got my head
around and been able to wrap my head
around is whether there's been any sort
of substantive long-term change in his
in the way he feels about any of this
that I just don't know that's it's just
something that I haven't been able to
really gauge because I get reports that
are sort of anecdotal from sources in
there of a moment when he erupts and
it's very hard to work out whether
that's indicative of something that's
you know long-term and so that after
that Michael Cohen ring people told me
that like talking to fire these moments
where things change that after that
Michael Cohen Rachel his thinking about
this whole investigation and anger and
angst about it all that was definitely a
turning point Craig let's talk about for
a minute I mean one thing I've been
trying to get my head around repeatedly
as this comes out and we know that the
robert muller is looking at the tweets
in the past you know we're hitting a
water year anniversary for example of
some of those you know backs back and
forth swear it was revealed that the
president was the president nixon had
you know essentially we're going to
cover up that was all information we
didn't have before the investigation was
undertaken here you have a situation
where potentially his public statements
are incriminating him I mean is that
much different from you know other cases
we've seen it is different as in my
experience as the target or in this case
in the president's case the subject of a
criminal investigation feels the wall is
sort of closing in on them they often
become desperate and at least are
tempted to make emotional statements and
act emotionally it's usually the team
the job of their defense lawyers to make
sure that doesn't happen in a public way
but because it can only hurt their
chances of used to be the prosecution
here though there's this curious reality
where the president's team doesn't seem
to be able to rein him and or control
him at all and so we see tweet after
tweet of the type that no defense lawyer
ever wants to see
yeah and Ken Delina in this feels like a
million years ago but I think there was
only three days or so that the tweet
about Jeff Sessions where he ordered
sessions or didn't order sessions to
shut down the investigation but
suggested that that's what he should do
Hughes right but how does how does that
statement play into this broader
question of legal jeopardy it's some
people see it as obstruction in plain
sight it's and it's also part of a piece
of him savaging the law enforcement
agencies of this country the FBI and the
Justice Department and Robert Muller and
his team of FBI agents prosecutors are
not talking back to that all they're
doing is potentially working an extra
hour in the office at night on the Trump
investigation it's just a bad idea from
a strategic level and it remains to be
seen whether it's gonna get them in
legal trouble yeah Ashley Parker
can I ask you kind of what your your
senses you're there Bedminster covering
the president's vacation there is a lot
of unoccupied time on his schedule going
forward that could potentially lead to
more of these I mean has his staff tried
to manage that is that you know a good
plan
generally speaking for him how much more
trouble could he cause
well the these periods of unstructured
time as I believe Jonathan wrote tonight
they used to be something that his staff
would stress out about they would try to
fill his days with meetings and
briefings and just to keep him occupied
to prevent exactly what we're seeing the
president watching cable news and
tweeting about it tweets that no one
knows are coming if you look at his
public schedule for the week he has a
lot of unstructured downtime so I think
we can expect to see more of this the
one wrinkle I will add is that this past
week for instance he had he did three of
these mega rallies in five days and a
lot of that is an actual calculation for
the midterms he's going out in his
campaigning for candidates but one of
the upsides is that these rallies where
the president appears in front of
thousands of devotees screaming fans who
chant lock her up when Hillary's name is
even mentioned are a place that Bowie
president Trump's so this week was a
tough one for him privately and
behind-the-scenes but he would sort of
go in these rallies and as Jonathan was
also saying they would change his mood
on a dime and he would leave excited and
feeling good and he could sort of take
some of that anger and grievance and
make it something a little more showman
like and fun
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
