hours at the Donald Trump attacked NBA
superstar LeBron James on Twitter he
went to James's home state of Ohio to
prop up the Republican candidate in
Tuesday's special congressional election
but true to form for a president who
talks tough but tends to back down from
confrontation not once during his more
than 70 minute rambling speech did Trump
mention LeBron or repeat his attack on
CNN anchor Don Lemon instead he trotted
out the say old campaign hits attacking
congresswoman Maxine Waters Democrats in
general and the news media so why didn't
Trump go after James on his home turf
well perhaps it's because of the
backlash NBC NBA legend Bill Russell
current NBA stars like Steph Curry
karl-anthony towns and Bradley Beal all
voiced their support of James NBA Hall
of Famer and Charlotte Hornets owner
Michael Jordan and was mentioned in
Trump's tweet also offered his support
even First Lady Melania Trump issued a
tacit rebuke to her husband her
spokeswoman saying in part quote it
looks like LeBron James is working to do
good things on behalf of our next
generation and just as she always has
the first lady encourages everyone to
have an open dialogue about issues
facing children today unquote well even
if you didn't dare repeat it in front of
his rally fans Trump's attack on LeBron
James and other prominent African
Americans is another sign that he plans
to use his familiar slate of dog
whistles to try and keep Republicans in
power they talk about the elite the
elite you ever see the elite the Natalie
you're the elite you are the elite
you're smarter than they are you make
bigger incomes you've got everything
going back with me david jolly and
joining now politics editor for the
route calm Jason Johnson and nationally
syndicated columnist Connie Schultz
Connie I'm gonna start with you Donald
Trump went to Ohio because quite frankly
the Republican Party is a bit worried
there's a race there with a Republican
who should be well ahead in Ohio's 12th
congressional district there's a guy
named Troy Bal derson who's running in
that district against a Democrat named
Danny O'Connor and if you look at the
polls there it is neck-and-neck except
it should be like 7 points for the
Republican what's going on in Ohio 12
well this has not been a competitive
district in 25 years so regardless of
the outcome I mean that it's close now
it looks like Danny O'Connor could very
well win this but it's already a loss
for the Republicans in that way and they
know it they're trying to they think
they're going to make a big statement
about this if he indeed prevails the
Republican candidate but they've already
lost the argument which is why he's
there and it was interesting to me that
they had they moved the venue you know
to a gymnasium which was smaller I put
according to the reports I saw this
morning than the original place they
wanted to make sure there were no empty
seats because Donald Trump hates that
and I'm glad you very quickly
acknowledge what's going on here with
those attacks on LeBron James because it
is racist he went after a black athlete
again he went after a black newsman and
then he went after Maxine Walters again
and in each case he refers to their
intelligence and calls them in different
ways calls them stupid or Laura I cute
and it's really important that we just I
think at this point acknowledged that
that that's what the president is doing
what is what is the commentary in your
view Connie what is he saying about his
own voters if he thinks that's a tactic
that will get his base out well I think
he is appealing to a certain percentage
of his face Shirley I've decided that I
am NOT going to take expend any of my
energy mocking Trump supporters because
this responsibility lays squarely with
the president and he is is working them
up he is mobbing them up he wants them
to attack journalists it's only a matter
of time as we saw from the tweet this
morning he wants to endanger the lie
the journalists and I hear the criticism
from some oh now you care journalists
because you're the target of population
and that's a fair criticism my thing I
do want to suggest this however when the
president is going after journalists he
is going after America because Americans
should be able to count on journalists
to hold government officials accountable
and this president accountable
especially this president accountable so
there's more at stake simply than the
safety of journalists in terms of their
personal lives but he is making this so
personal and he is not listening to any
of his critics even in the White House
we're telling them you must stop calling
journalists the enemy of the people yeah
it is interesting Jason that you know
you know Donald Trump tweets a good game
but when it comes to who he's willing to
vocally attack he will go after women
obviously he was gone after Maxine
Waters I'm over and over and over again
at these rallies he didn't actually
though mention LeBron James at that
right let's let me let me play a little
clip of that rally in which he went
after Republicans of a certain kind take
a listen how do you get a hundred
percent of anything you know you always
have somebody I don't like Trump I don't
like our president he destroyed my
career
I only destroyed a critic who say said
bad things about me and you fight back
and they go down the tubes and that's
okay I start about that I want to also
play the Donald Trump going after
congresswoman Maxine Waters that that
same rail I take a listen oh okay well
that's okay but never mind let me just
go to you on this Jason because what he
didn't do is go after King James in his
home state right right well because the
president's also a coward right I mean
he attacks people that he thinks he can
get away with only in safe environments
I'm down here at net roosters there's a
t-shirt I see a lot of people wearing
says don't test the waters right like
all this stuff that Trump is always
saying about Maxine Waters he would
never say this to her in person
right he would he would never walk
through Congress that man is probably
terrified of her and the same thing
applies to LeBron James no I'm not I'm
the last person I used to live in
Cleveland I'm the last person to say
there aren't some racist white people
who hate LeBron James in the state of
Ohio but at the end of the day the
president very seldom has the strength
to really go after the individuals who
can fight back to go after the
individuals where there may be some boos
in the crowd so he's gonna go after
LeBron James through Twitter but he's
not gonna run the risk of saying that in
a crowd down there because oh hey there
may be some people who boo
there may be some people on the Bron
James jerseys that's just how this
president operates he is a coward and he
is a punk and he doesn't know how to
truly confront people and I'll also say
this and this is an important point
he'll go after LeBron but he won't go
after Gregg Popovich he'll go after
Maxine Waters he won't go after Steve
Kerr he won't go after M&M right he is
deathly afraid of going after white
people because that will expose how
racist his attacks on black people
really are yeah and then we do now have
that attack of Donald Trump on Maxine
Waters let's play that really quick
they're talking about this blue wave
I don't think so I don't think so Maxine
Waters is leading the talk
Maxie she's a real beauty Maxim
a seriously low IQ person you know I'll
ask you the same question on david jolly
that donald trump feels quite free to go
after a black woman esteemed
congresswoman from california by name at
his rallies and caused his audience to
taunt her but he did not have the
courage to renew his attacks on LeBron
James in front of that same audience
what do you make it at well to Jason's
point Donald Trump is a weak man with no
courage and so he would not attack
LeBron James in front of a crowd in Ohio
but on the issue of race and Donald
Trump's view of race and his
manipulation of the social construct in
the United States around race you can
draw a direct thread from his approach
to the Central Park five to his comments
of Maxine Waters in his tweet of a
LeBron and it is one of the most
disheartening parts about today's
Republican Party is that they cheer that
on joy I think one of the things we've
learned from Donald Trump is in politics
today many Americans follow leaders
rather than they follow policies right
many Republicans have been happy to
abandon the policies they believe in the
past ten years to follow a leader like
Donald Trump there's no greater contrast
to that what Donald Trump had to say
last night then to Barack Obama's 2004
speech where he talked about being one
America not being a black America white
America conservative progressive but one
America we have gotten so far away from
that and I think as Democrats continue
to have a family conversation about
their message in November in 2020 yes
policies are important but bring us
somebody that can unite the country and
those medium information voters those
independent voters who are suffering
from the anxiety that is Donald Trump
they will move to the blue column and we
will see that blue wave I'll go back to
you on this Connie because at some point
does the fact that he does seem to
single out women whether it is
congresswoman Maxine Waters or or other
women in politics at some point does
that begin to erode his female his white
female base
I think what's eroding his female white
base is the family separations we're
seeing that's somewhat in the polling
we're certainly seeing it even in my
reader mail right now that it was the
last straw for a lot of women because it
involved children I do think it was
interesting that the first lady made
clear
she would like to visit LeBron school
you know nobody knows a marriage like
the two people in it and I'm just glad
I'm not in it I don't know what's going
on there but I do think that we have to
pay close attention to language that's
coming out of this White House and we
have to rebut it at every turn he's
always hated women we know that there
will always be men who hate women we've
known that I've been a columnist since
2002 I've always gotten a certain
percentage of angry mail from angry
white men my husband always jokes it's
my gift I draw no but there's not a
single woman in America who writes her
opinion for a living who wasn't getting
that kind of hate mail regardless of her
party affiliation some men just can't
believe we get the real estate amen to
that my guests are gonna all stick
around me to keep them all around and
coming up the political battle over the
South is about to get real
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
