a dangerous movement undetected by many
but real is now challenging and eroding
a great tradition of religious freedom
there can be no doubt it's no little
matter it must be confronted
intellectually and politically and
defeated Attorney General Jeff Sessions
announced this week a new task force to
address what he calls a dangerous
movement threatening the country no.not
ongoing Russian threats to our elections
instead sessions announced the religious
liberty task force to combat what he
considers threats to religious freedom
but civil and human rights groups
slammed the task force fearing that it
will give people and businesses the
green light to discriminate in the name
of just one particular religion joining
me now is Bishop William Barbour
co-chairman of the Poor People's
Campaign Jonathan Wilson Hart Grove
author of reconstructing the gospel
finding freedom from slave holder
religion and Robert P Jones is back with
me bishop Barbour I want to play a
little bit more of what Jeff Sessions
had to say about what he sees as this
threat of religious freedom take a
listen
we've gotten to the point where courts
have held that morality cannot be a
basis for law where a ministers are
fearful to affirm as they understand it
Holy Writ from the pulpit and where one
group can actively target religious
groups by relate labeling them hate
groups so we're going to remain in
contact with religious groups across
America to ensure that their rights are
being protected and by one of those
groups is the Alliance defending freedom
it's an organization that backed the
summit where sessions made this
announcements the conservative Christian
nonprofit it played a role in 54 Supreme
Court victories and it advocates and
funds on the issues of what it calls
religious freedom safety of life
marriage and family how do you read this
idea of having a religious freedom task
force bishop Barbour Georgia hypocrisy
in the irony of Jeff Sessions who
recently used a segregationist tactic
when he misinterpreted scripture to
support the his enforcement of unjust
races and evil policies to snatch kidnap
and a
beautifully take brown Mexican and
Latino children from their families for
him to not claim that he and Donald
Trump are the saviors of religious
freedom it would be laughable if it
wasn't so horrible you know and so
irreligious and so untrue as one of
thousands in the Poor People's Campaign
who were arrested multiple times for
praying and engaging in moral protests
it seems that sessions is not so much
interested in protecting the sacred
religious values of love and truth and
justice that critiques the nation on how
we treat the poor the least vidalus
stranger but he wants to protect and
give cover for what I call the Trump van
Jellico's or the support Republican
extremism that is rooted in hate and
division and undermines civil rights and
human rights and that's what is
dangerous about what he's doing and
Jonathan Harker I recommend highly
recommend there's a piece that you have
up at NBC's think about this task force
I read a little bit of it he said when
groups like the ATF the Alliance
defending freedom talk about religious
liberty they're really talking about
liberty for one specific religion
Christianity in this context the phrase
has become a rallying cry for Christian
conservatives whose religious and
political interests align around issues
like reversing roe v wade and rolling
back LGBT protections are you accusing
this taskforce of being specifically
designed to allow those things to happen
well yes I think that's the history of
the ATF if you look at it and more
broadly I think this way that religious
freedom is being framed is rooted in the
history of slaveholder religion in the
way in the 20th century that it tried to
justify discrimination by using this
this American value of religious freedom
this is what Bob Jones University did
when they tried to keep black students
out by saying they were a religious
institution they had the right to
exclude them and we're gonna I think we
have some problems with Jonathan's audio
so we'll try to get that fixed I want to
go to Robbie Jones and you have a some
research out from PR RI and the question
that you asked in one of these PRI
surveys the Public Religion Research
Institute should business owners should
be allowed to refuse wedding related
services to same-sex couples if it
violates their religious beliefs in the
polling that you did 46 percent said
that business owners should be allowed
to refuse service and forty eight
percent said they should be required to
provide them is that a number that's
changed over time and
who was pulled there yeah so that's the
survey of all Americans and that number
has changed a bit the last time we asked
that we had a majority saying that small
businesses should not be allowed that
was prior to the master Pete cake case
at the US Supreme Court so we've seen it
shift in about five points more toward
allowing businesses particularly wedding
related businesses to allow allow them
to refuse service however I think one of
the more important numbers and that is
if you look at African Americans on this
issue we find among African Americans
who by the way are fairly divided on the
issue of same-sex marriage but
nonetheless we asked them about this
sixty-three percent of African Americans
say that small businesses should not be
allowed to refuse service to gay and
lesbian Americans even if it's based on
their own religious on their religious
objections and I think there we see just
the very basic experience this has
echoes of lunch counter
you know refusals and businesses being
turning away African Americans and
that's in our not so you know distant
past that's going on the one other point
I want to make though is that there is a
kind of sleight of hand going on here if
you listen very carefully to sessions
rationale he talks about protecting
people of faith but I want to sharpen
that up a little bit because when
session says protecting people of faith
what he really means is conservative
white Christians and particularly white
evangelical Protestant Christians but
increasingly that group is an outlier in
the country on these issues for example
they are the only group that opposes
same-sex only religious group that
opposes same-sex marriage in the country
I'm gonna say that again white
evangelical Protestants are the only
religious group now that opposes
same-sex marriage in the country and
they're the only religious group that
strongly opposes Artaud strongly wants
to allow small businesses to refuse
service to LGBT people yeah and you know
I'm the bishop Barbara it felt for a
while like this whole question of LGBT
rights is sort of settled in the country
even among religious people as Robbie
has just said among even most religious
people are does it surprise you that
this battlefront is being reopened
because
understand the same rationale as Robbie
said that it's used to sell business
ought to be able to deny an LGBT persons
the same rationale to segregation issues
the same old the Jews they said that
religion said segregation slavery was
alright it seems like this sessions has
been hollering to protect religious
freedom but the religious freedom he
wants to protect if you look at the
policies of those that create policies
and support policies that suggest that
God is an agent of systemic racism a
homophobe dog that wants to take health
care steal Voting Rights a gun-toting
God and an anti-immigrant bigot that
seems to me the freedoms he wants to
protect he doesn't want to protect the
freedom really of that religious
tradition that critiques our government
in fact I just said the other day that
if Sections wants to do something rooted
in religious values jaws he should ask
his did task force should repent and
safe repent and stop misusing scripture
to justify snatching kidnapping and
abusing brown children get those babies
back with their families admitted as a
crime against humanity and pay those
human being compensatory and punitive
damage
stop attacking party might stop
attacking health kids stop attacking
workers and I'm not sure the bike is
gonna be much better but Jonathan is
there some argument that can be made
than to these religious conservatives
that would that would be more powerful
than what Jeff Sessions is offering
oh yes that's what that's why I'm here
thank you for inviting me to preach the
good news because there is good news
even for white Christians it's the same
thing that every messenger that ever
comes to the people of God says in the
Bible don't be afraid fear not is what
the Angels say because fear is being
used to to play religious values for
political gain the important thing for
white Christians is to realize that we
can be free from the slaveholder
religion we can trust the true and
living God school we can learn from
those people who have who have prayed
the Psalms through great struggles and
know that weeping may endure for a night
but joy comes in the morning that's the
original JM joy all right okay we'll
take that thank you very much Jonathan
Wilson heartbroke thank you very much
Robert P Jones and by the way thank you
William Barbour and I want to give a
special shout out and a huge
congratulations
- you Bischoff barber in celebrating 25
years of preaching at Greenleaf
Christian Church don't think we forgot
we were going to call you out on TV
congratulations on your 25 years and all
of the great work that you've done for
moral Mondays right through the Poor
People's Campaign thank you for being
here and congratulations sir thank you
so much cognition all right we got more
for you take a look watch the screen
here's some more congratulatory messages
big shouts my brother in Christ my
brother in Alpha Reverend doctor we and
Barbara on your 25th anniversary I'm
sure there's a major celebration going
on there in North Carolina of course he
liveth on the front lines holding
America accountable happy 25th
anniversary thank you for picking up the
baton from dr. King by reintroducing
this generation to exactly what
non-violent creative civil disobedience
is all about mr. Barbour like rev doctor
would say we got you thank you and thank
you for all that you do we love having
you here and thank you for standing up
for what's right in the nation's most
vulnerable we appreciate it more enjoy
coming up after the break hey thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there for more am joy and the rest
of MSNBC and click on any of the videos
right here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
