well you said now July 4th is when you
expect to have a decision on whether the
president will sit for an interview with
the special counsel why are you dragging
it out don't you know what you want to
do now yeah sure I do I don't want to do
it it is now past the 4th of July where
do we stand we would not recommend an
interview for the president unless they
can satisfy us that there's some some
basis for this investigation we haven't
read it made a final decision there's
still a slight opening but we're still
I'm not gonna give you a lot of hope
it's gonna happen but we're still
negotiating we haven't stopped
negotiating with them welcome back to am
joy the on-again off-again question of
whether Donald Trump will sit down with
Special Counsel Robert Muller appears to
be back on according to Politico Trump's
TV attorney Rudy Giuliani says that a
decision on whether Trump will grant an
interview will happen in the next week
to ten days but you might want to take
that with a grain of salt this isn't the
first time Giuliani has invoked a short
timetable for making a decision on the
interview it was supposed to be me back
in May then in June and once again in
July Trump himself said this in January
I'm looking forward to it actually you
want to do
there's been no collusion whatsoever
there's no obstruction whatsoever and
I'm looking forward to it Trump
apparently is still pushing his lawyers
to make the interview happen in a recent
report from the New York Times gives
some insight as to why according to The
Times get this Trump quote believes he
can convince the investigators for the
special counsel Robert Muller of his
belief that their own inquiry is a
witch-hunt
joining me now Democratic congressman
from California Eric sois well jinhwan
banks former assistant Watergate special
prosecutor former senior FBI official
Chuck Rosenberg and professor of law at
Georgetown University School of Law Paul
Butler thank you all for being here
congressman swallow your thoughts on the
idea that Donald Trump believes that his
powers of persuasion are so great that
he will be able to walk into Robert
Muller's investigative unit and
convinced them that their own
investigation is a witch hunt well
what's taking so long joy if that's
really what he believes I mean he's the
one that complains every day that this
investigation is
taking so long and it looks like they've
interviewed everyone that Donald Trump
has ever known except Donald Trump and
so you know for all the complaints he
has about you know the length of this
investigation if he were to just answer
the questions that by the way have
already been provided to him
I bet this whole investigation would be
wrapped up a lot sooner well and the
other question is and I can't resist
asking you this because you do serve in
in the US House of Representatives where
your colleagues on the other side of the
aisle have also claimed that this was a
witch hunt have also a couple of them
threatened to impeach rod Rosenstein who
would receive whatever report comes out
of Robert Mulder's office is there any
inkling on the other side of the aisle a
bit of embarrassment at the stands
they've taken given the way things are
going
oh zero joy and I think that that will
only come from the voters this November
and I've heard across the country I've
been helping a lot of our younger
candidates running across the country
and going to their districts in rural
areas in suburban areas this issue is
actually very much at the top of their
mind not so much as to what did the
president do with the Russians they're
gonna let Bob Muller figure that out but
what is the president doing to the rule
of law and to our democracy and who was
willing to stand up to him as he is a
wrecking ball and I think the
Republicans are gonna pay a price this
November and I hope those that have been
fearful of doing the right thing because
they don't want the President to tweet
at them or call them out on a speech I
hope in January when it's a Democratic
majority they realize it's time to do
the right thing because we're gonna have
two more years of this wrecking ball and
it's time for all of us to put our hands
together and just push that big red
button that will make it stop yeah well
I'm looking at a lot of law degrees in
front of me including yourself
congressman but I want to go around the
horn to our our legal panel and start
with Chuck Rosenberg welcome to the show
a new to the show and get your reaction
to what the Muellers team has proposed
in terms of an interview with Donald
Trump this is a court of the New York
Times but they would discuss possible
coordination with Trump associates and
the Russians whether Trump tried to
obstruct justice they would agree to
accept some written answers from the
president and they preserve the ability
to have Trump answer follow-up questions
in person what do you make of that
proposal is that standard
reading procedure how unusual would that
be there's nothing standard about this
joy but what I think Muller and his team
are trying to do here and it's a
strategic decision is avoid a fight
meaning that if they can get all or most
of what they need voluntarily
that's better than issuing a grand jury
subpoena and litigating the issue
inevitably before the Supreme Court
look there's a difference between need
and want all prosecutors and I was a
federal prosecutor for a long time all
prosecutors want as much evidence as
they can possibly get they want to talk
to every single person connected to the
investigation they would want to talk to
the president but do they need it and
the answer is perhaps not because
through other witnesses through the
president's own public statements
through documents through emails through
bank records through tax returns they
can get most of what they need and I
think that's an important distinction
and then Chuck do you think that the
concern among Muller's team might be
that if as you said they may not need to
have Donald Trump's testimony but that
if they didn't get it and then they
wouldn't issue a report without having
spoken to him are they concerned do you
think about the perception that the
process may not have been as fair to him
as possible well and Joey that's an
excellent point that's why they have to
try to get it and so getting it
voluntarily perhaps not under ideal
terms but getting most of what they need
and want voluntarily allows them to
write a full report and to detail all
the facts they found including what the
president told them yeah and Jill wine
bangs didn't you have the other question
of compulsion of what power the Moller
grand jury has to compel the President
of the United States to testify we know
in the Nixon case that there wasn't
there was an ability to compel the
President to turn over documents but
what happens if Donald Trump let's say
refuses a subpoena well the same thing
would have happened in Watergate if the
president had refused the subpoena his
lawyers accepted the physical service of
the subpoena and then he refused to
comply with it and it went to the
Supreme Court and the Supreme Court in
very clear terms eight to nothing with
one judge recused from the case
said that there was an absolute right
for the prosecution to have the
documents and that the president wasn't
above the law and had to turn them over
I would predict that the same would be
true for testimony that the Supreme
Court would say that there is a right
for the prosecution if there's no other
way to get the evidence to get it from
the President and so he would be forced
to testify and if I could go on to
something that Chuck said there is a big
difference between need and want and the
only reason that I can see that Muller
might want the testimony is because if
he has it in advance one it is something
that will then look completely fair the
President had his shot at convincing the
grand jury that it was a witch-hunt or
that he was innocent
but also because he would then he Muller
would then know Trump's defense and he
would be able to answer that in advance
so if he's issuing a report the report
would be able to say here's the case
that we have and here's the defense and
here's why the defense doesn't stand up
so I think there is an advantage to both
sides the president gets his shot at
convincing the grand jury and the
prosecution gets a chance to know in
advance and answer it in advance because
the strongest defense is by saying it in
advance so it's much better for the
prosecution to be able to say in the
report what their answer is and Paul
Butler let's go down the theoretical
road just for a moment till wine banks
is laid out I think very brilliant leave
it in the Nixon case showed an eight to
zero ruling that the president had to
turn over documents let's say that in
the current court you get a five to four
which is the most likely outcome right
ruling that Donald Trump had to appear
before the grand jury that he had to
answer a subpoena and Donald Trump
simply said nope then what happens well
he could be required to come in and take
the Fifth Amendment in which he would
have a constitutional right to do if he
would be exposed to equipment to charges
by testifying
you know if Muller does not require or
or subpoena Trump to test
five I think there are three
possibilities the first is that as Jill
and Chuck have said mother believes that
he does not need Trump's testimony to
make his case the second possibility is
the case as you know Jo joy would almost
certainly go to the Supreme Court and
maybe Muller doesn't want that
protracted litigation the third
possibility if mother does not subpoena
Trump is that mother now sees Trump as a
target of the investigation heretofore
Trump has been a subject kind of like a
person of interest but the department
has a policy where it does not subpoena
target so if he's not subpoenaed that
could be quite bad news for President
Trump yeah and I want to come back to a
really quickly Carson while we're on the
sort of theoretical on being the sort of
sort of questions the Washington Post
has a piece out about why Trump's
lawyers fear an interview with Muller
and here's a little appeasement it says
Trump's lawyers don't just fear that he
will lie to Muller about his efforts to
scuttle the investigation it's very
likely that they also fear Trump might
tell the truth about those efforts which
could also be incriminating let's say
Donald Trump were to go and give this
interview incriminate himself in a way
that compelled Robert Miller to write up
a report that would normally produce
impeachable offenses what would then
happen in the House of Representatives
that that's right joy I actually believe
that this has always been hurtling
towards well wouldn't we want to know
what the Russians had on Hillary Clinton
anyway and you've seen Trump associates
intimated that whether it's Rudy
Giuliani or even Donald Trump defending
his son taking the meeting last year
saying you know this happens all the
time and politics I think that's where
it alternately goes and so then it
really comes to the House Judiciary
Committee where I sit and it's a
question of do we believe that President
Trump is above the law and we're just
going to give him a pass or do we say
that it doesn't matter what his
political party is you cannot work with
the foreign adversary to beat your
opponent and you have to be held
accountable I think the best way joy is
to find a bipartisan way to investigate
this president but again if that if
it's not going to happen then
Republicans are gonna lose this November
at the ballot box cuz the American
people do not believe anyone's above the
law not this president and they're gonna
want him to be held accountable if he
crossed some red lines you know Chuck
Rosenberg I think a lot of people who've
been you know watching the saga play out
over time and a watch Donald Trump do
have that question of even how you would
serve a subpoena I mean literally can
I'll throw this out to the to all my
lawyers on the panel I'll start with you
Chuck what happens if a subpoena is
served to Donald Trump in which he is
compelled to testify before the grand
jury and he simply refuses to take it
who will make him take it right now so
for you our major if we refuse to take a
subpoena if we refuse service or if we
were served if someone handed us a
subpoena and we didn't show up we would
be held in contempt it's pretty simple
and that happens from time to time this
is a much tougher question and I would
actually be fascinated to know what Jill
has to say about it because I can almost
assure you they had to have had this
conversation with respect to President
Nixon you know the president is
surrounded by federal law enforcement
officers every day we happen to call
them Secret Service agents and I would
imagine we would be putting them in a
very difficult position if we asked one
of them to serve a subpoena on the
sitting president when their main job
their primary job is to protect him so I
would love to know what jill has to say
about this Jill well it was definitely a
subject of discussion we debated how we
would get it to him but it was very
simple because Richard Nixon for all his
flaws did believe in the rule of law and
he agreed to accept service through his
attorneys which is of course a normal
proceeding then we had the question of
okay now we've won the case how are we
going to get the tapes the court said we
have a right to them you can't just send
someone into the White House there are
guards all around right and luckily
again they actually did eventually turn
them over they agreed to turn them over
and they did turn them over so we were
lucky but it is a real issue that was
very current because there was an issue
about Jared Kushner the
resisting service in a New York case
brought by the DNC and Secret Service
would not allow Process Servers to
approach the house and serve Him and of
course they weren't authorized
representatives to accept service as
attorneys might be and eventually the
DNC went to court and said Your Honor
the only way we can get it to him is
through the u.s. mail which will be
delivered to his house and eventually
the Secret Service said well we made a
mistake and you can actually serve him
and so he has now accepted service but
it had to go to court and they had to
say well we'll serve it by u.s. mail
that will get to him yes hey joy I have
a I have an idea as to where you can
serve them yeah give it to his caddy
that's where you're most likely to find
them on the golf course bring it right
on the on the putting green like that
might be the way to go all right before
we go I have to ask your wife what's
your pin my pin is a goose because I
think man affords goose is cooked the
evidence is really strong it's gone in
very well and the defense hasn't dented
it misses Manafort left the courtroom in
tears after the testimony about her
husband hiding accounts and lying about
his taxes so that's why I'm wearing this
pin today the goose is cooked the pins
need their own book why did the pins
have a twitter account yet okay there
was a big Twitter account but it's a
pound patli it's hashtag Jill spins
okay well I'm following that if it is
the shows all right Thank You
congressman Eric swell well do one Biggs
Chuck Rosenberg Paul Butler thank you
all very much and next up Donald Trump
stops pretending to be a populist and
just flat-out announces a huge new tax
cut for the super-rich
right
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
