we were doing everything we can to have
a legitimate election that the American
people can have trust in our democracy
itself is in the crosshairs Russia
attempted to interfere with the last
election and continues to engage in
malign influence operations to this day
US Cyber Command in the National
Security Agency are tracking a wide
range of foreign cyber avid adversaries
and are prepared to conduct operations
against those actors attempting to
undermine our nation's midterm elections
now we're being hindered by the Russian
hoax it's a hoax okay good morning and
welcome to am joy well we're now ninety
four days until the crucial 2018 midterm
elections meaning that roughly two
hundred and twenty eight million
eligible voters in the u.s. remain at
risk of continued Russian attacks on
their exercise of their right to vote
when they head to the polls this fall
this at a time when the outcome of the
vote in November could determine which
party controls whether you keep your
health care whether you get tax cuts or
just the rich and big corporations do
whether polluters will continue to be
unleashed to befoul the air and the
water you breathe and yes the fate of
the Muller probe into whether the Trump
campaign colluded with Russia when they
attacked our election in 2016 with a
goal of electing Donald Trump that
ongoing risk posed by Russia was
reiterated this week in a dramatic
Thursday press conference in which five
of Donald Trump's own intelligence
officials warned the American people
about how dangerous the Russian threat
is to this country and to the upcoming
elections and laid out what the agencies
are doing to stop it and yet at his
rally in Pennsylvania their boss Donald
Trump continued to deny Russian
interference in our elections that it
happened at all calling it a hoax just
hours after his own government said the
opposite undercutting his administration
once again and offering no signs that he
has any interest or intention
on countering the Russian threat joining
me now is Adam Levin founder of cyber
Scout Malcom Nance author of the plot to
destroy democracy MSNBC legal scott
legal analyst Paul Butler and Sarah
Kinsey or scholar of authoritarian
states and author of the view from
flyover country dispatches from the
Forgotten America alright everyone is
with me as I pop into my chair let's
start out with you Adam on this question
of the election threat as you see it is
it as intense or more intense this time
in terms of the cyber attack on our
election systems now versus 2016 I think
in certain ways it's more intense but
it's more subtle and you know we saw
this press conference
everybody tuned in but that night the
president seemed to tune out which means
you're giving aid and comfort to the
enemy yeah this is a national security
issue this there's no blue states red
states it's the United States yeah there
aren't good people on both sides there's
one side and the side is democracy and
when you saw these five agency heads who
work for Donald Trump walk out to camera
one after the other take questions and
and really make very starkly clear that
the threat to our elections is still
ongoing did you see that as a directive
potentially from the president or did
you see that as maybe the agency's
taking matters into their own hands
my sense even though they said it was a
directive from the president I felt that
the agencies this is their
responsibility they're carrying out
their responsibilities they are doing
what they need to do in order to help
this country get through this yeah but
the real issue is why was this 95 days
before the election why didn't we have
this conversation 18 months before the
election yeah the threat hasn't stopped
yeah absolutely
Malcolm Nance and first of all great job
last night on real time and you talked
you know I think very bluntly last night
as you do every week here on this show
about the threat to our election about
what it means about what the Russians
want to do and about what their goals
are I want to let you listen for a
second Malcolm to the Director of
National Intelligence dan coats and
dan coates talking about that threat and
here's Donald Trump talking about that
threat and believe it or not these are
both from the same day Thursday we had a
great meeting with Russia we had a great
meeting with food I'm not in a position
to either understand fully or talk about
what happened else indeed if I get along
with Vladimir Putin that's a good thing
folks
the Russians have to stop doing what
they're doing Malcolm how could it be
that the president's five intelligence
officials
john bolton NSA director DNI dan colts
NSA director paul Nakasone ii FBI
director christopher Radiesse secretary
Christian Nielsen all come out and say
there's a threat and then that very
night he comes out and again calls it a
hoax how did that make any sense to you
well it makes sense in that there are
two administration's there are the
people who are statutory
responsibilities as secretaries and
personnel in the national security
apparatus who are obligated to call out
these threats when they see them and on
the other hand you have this clown
that's the President of the United
States who is setting his own personal
policy my fear is not that they came out
and they're not going to do anything
these agencies have requirements which
are mandatory which they'll fulfill but
it won't be enough to stop the threat
that we have coming from the the
Russians and certainly the people who
are magnifying the Russian message in
the on the right wing side by listening
to what Donald Trump has to say that
being said Trump himself appears with
his statements a week or so ago about
the Democrats being the ones who might
be in collusion with Russia I got the
impression he was almost asking Russia
to interfere on that level the same way
he did last year almost this time last
year with the Russia if you're listening
statement I am in great I have grave
fears about what's going to happen in
the run-up to this election and I hope
that I'm wrong well you know and to that
very point Malcolm we've already had
jeanne shaheen so now we know of two
Democratic United States senators who
have been already targeted we had Claire
McCaskill already come out admit she was
one of the three lawmakers that were
targeted have already
targeted by Russian bad actors you now
jeanne shaheen of New Hampshire and this
is from The Daily Beast on Monday the
mystery sting targets you a senator for
dirt on Russian sanctions jeanne Shaheen
was contacted through her staff last
November by an individual who said he
worked for the foreign ministry of
Latvia a tiny Baltic nations supportive
of efforts to rein in Russian aggression
the man said he was trying to set up a
phone call between the senator in
Edgar's pink Evitts the Latvian Foreign
Minister the purpose of the meeting he
said in an email was to discuss
prolongation of anti-russian sanctions
in general security with Kaspersky
labret in the Kaspersky laboratory case
and now let's listen to senator Shaheen
on Tuesday talking about what else has
been going on in her in her among her
staff we've had some phishing attempts
by staff in our office and we've turned
those over to Senate security who have
done a good job I think we also had a
request for a meeting that turned out to
be bogus and again fortunately we
checked on with the embassy of Latvia
which was the country that was being
impersonated and they explained to us
that they didn't have anyone trying to
meet with me so it it is a reminder that
people need to be vigilant and now there
was a former intelligence officer
if the Russians you know the United
States intelligence agencies have
already said they did it so everyone
knows they did it the fact that it's
still being done and it's still being
targeted only at Democrats I mean what
does that tell you about whether or not
Russia is that all deterred well
Russia's not deterred Russia has never
been deterred they put a man into the
White House let's just say that bluntly
here okay they now have a working
partner in the President of the United
States he is covering for their
activities and that the national
security establishment had to come out
and do a cover your but you know press
conference you know just before this
shows the ineffectiveness that they have
the president will not lead on this
whenever his oath is sworn to it is not
sworn to the Constitution of the United
States and one last thing about jeanne
shaheen and the democrats every person
who is affiliated with the death
kradic party who is one degree of
separation from any one of their
politicians you are at risk they will go
two and three degrees of separation from
some of these people to go to your
emails even if you're a constituent that
sent in emails because you have to
remember the Democratic National
Committee was vacuum cleaned of all of
its mailing list so do not Adam Levine
will tell you do not click on anything
when it comes into your Inbox
yeah and Sarah Kinsey or your a mening
that I can see you nodding there I mean
the the belief is that the Russian
attack also included grabbing
information from are attacking the RNC
they just never released anything from
the RNC it's still directly focused on
Democrats in your view is there enough
alarm out there are people worried
enough because it does seem that the
Russians are trying to do the same thing
to try to achieve the same partisan
result yeah people are not worried
enough they haven't been all along you
know Russia has been attacking your
infrastructure for a number of years
they've attacked the State Department
the DoD the RNC the DNC voter rolls
they've penetrated voter databases we've
known this for a long time and as this
wouldn't pointed out people haven't
taken initiatives there are basically
three things that I'm worried about
going into the midterms one is that our
election that we may actually be hacked
again by Russia that they may actually
succeed in this and that our Intel
agencies won't be able to fend this off
that's a possibility another possibility
is that the Republicans will use the
pretext of that argument and claim that
votes were hacked if there is a
democratic sweep which is possible given
the success they've had in the special
elections and try to deal the chittim
eyes those wins that is a rhetorical
tactic that they will it may well use
much as last year they claimed the
election is going to be rigged which
prompted the Democrats to say it can't
be rigged which backed them into a
corner after the election the third
thing is that the GOP may simply not
concede we need to remember that Roy
Moore for example never conceded this is
a party that is not interested in this
point at democracy they want a one-party
state to protect this president whose
loyalty is not to this country and I
think they will go through any means
necessary to try to do that and Paul
Butler is that even is there any legal
possibility that there were
publican party could find a way to not
concede the election you know I think it
would be difficult because we do at the
end of the day have a system of rule of
law and joy this is a time to remember
that not only is Robert Muller the
former director of the FBI he's a former
Marine when Donald Trump was evading the
draft dodging the draft robert muller
volunteered to go to Vietnam and that's
relevant because if you remember the
indictment of the twelve intelligence
officers from Russia last year the
indictment names their military rank and
what that means is it's not just
meddling in our election in Robert
mother's eyes the Russians attacked the
United States of America they did it in
a partisan way as you noted to try to
get Robert to try to get Donald Trump
elected president by releasing
embarrassing emails but then they went
national and broader and bipartisan they
attack state election boards they reveal
private information of voters and so at
the end of the day this is a national
security issue and what's the
president's response we have robert
muller laying out in detail how the
Russians attack the US and suggesting
that they're going to do it again the
president attacks robert muller yeah I
want to go around the table just because
I think people are worried at least even
watch the children I've been paying
attention and listening to us talk about
this every week so I want to come back
to you Adam what is the worst case there
what could they do can the machines be
hacked there are machines that can be
hacked there are results that can
possibly be contaminated their voter
databases that can be compromised
meaning that if the the votes go one way
there's a way to hack in and flip it and
say no actually this Republican beat
this Democrat not the other way around
well for instance you can hack into the
database of a state and when results are
reported you could play with the results
being reported when the machines report
they sometimes do it through online
methods you could contaminate those
online methods but for instance you
could send the wrong information to
people tend them to the wrong
in place right change their voter
registration cause delays and chaos and
cause a lot of people just not to show
up and vote yeah
so we're talking about voter suppression
activities as well what can people do
about that well what what they can do is
first of all states have to make sure
their databases are more secure they
have to come up with a national standard
not just the critical infrastructure
standard but a specific standard for
voting machines in addition to which
they can work with voting machine
manufacturers to make sure that the
machines are as unhackable as possible
get electronic voting machines that do
have paper trails either paper ballots
or absolute paper trails for the
machines working to make sure that
audits are more accurate working to make
sure that there's more penetration
testing so when States launched new
initiatives that we make sure there are
no vulnerabilities and educating elected
and appointed officials in terms of how
to protect yourself with phishing
hacking in those guys what if they
refuse to do it I mean ask you on this
Paul Butler is there some sort of legal
remedy for voters if your state is run
by a party or entities who just refuse
to do any of that you know a lot of
election law is local so the states
determine the eligibility for voting
there is federal oversight usually it's
done through the Civil Rights Division
and you know that's we're actually
related and so we look at these
Republicans and why they seemed
relatively unconcerned about the Russian
attacks and our democracy that's also of
a piece with why they seem relatively
unconcerned with States States trying to
limit people's ability to vote in other
ways and so the Supreme Court is
considering all these cases now where
states are trying to dilute voting
strength so at the end of the day
sometimes we have to wonder how much the
Republicans actually care about
democracy I think that's the question
Sarah is that do they want to do they
want to stop it no they don't and I just
want to say despite everything that
every but everyone's just said which is
all very good advice people need to go
out and vote anyway if you value your
freedom if you value democracy get out
and vote even if you think they are
trying to rig it one thing that may help
and our favor is an overwhelming turnout
so just just you know be aware take
cautions and vote yeah and Malcolm very
quickly you've also said vote on paper
if you can is absentee Valley ballot
does absentee voting make you safer yeah
this is the year to vote early and then
facilitate other people to vote early
and then if you're not going to be there
vote early on paper get your vote in way
ahead of time in terms of the early
election but one last thing you talked
about what should we worry about I'm
worried that the Russians will start
releasing a tranche of compliment
against Republicans and make Donald
Trump's statement that the Democrats
were working with the Republicans look
real so that they of course could not
concede or in or demand to invalidate
the election that's the worst case
scenario the man Wow okay well I think
we're more great than what we started
this segment but I think the consensus
of the site of the virtual table here is
vote early vote in very large numbers
because it is harder to flip an election
out I'm going to assume if the election
is not closed correctly yeah all right
we're gonna have more on this coming up
as we get toward the election Paul's
gonna come back later in the show Adam
Levin Malcolm man Sarah Kenzi or thank
you all very much and up next hours
before he heads to Ohio Donald Trump
calls Ohio's favorite son dumb he goes
after the king I don't know that that
was a wise move more on that link aback
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
