the man in charge of the Russia
investigation is different is again
defending its integrity and his in a
rare interview with The Wall Street
Journal Deputy Attorney General Rod
Rosenstein said quote I committed I
would ensure the investigation was
appropriate and independent and reached
the right result whatever it may be I
believe I have been faithful to that as
for his relationship with President
Trump his prospects for say
continued employment Rosen Stein went on
to say the president knows that I am
prepared to do this job as long as he
wants me to do this job
meanwhile here's how Trump characterized
the Muller investigation appearing on
Fox Business last night first of all
there was no collusion
there was no Russian do you think I'd
call Russia I need help in Idaho I need
help in Iowa oh let's call Russia it
said it's a con job our Justice
Department and FBI played right into the
hands with a stupid investigation or
whatever you call it also tonight a day
after the president called his former
personal attorney a liar and nothing
more than a PR guy NBC News is
confirming Michael Cohen was back to
talk to federal prosecutors in New York
just today sources say it's part of his
ongoing cooperation with the Muller
effort and finally today was White House
Counsel Don McGann's last day at work at
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue while his
departure was expected we didn't know
was official until the New York Times
broke word of it tonight and it's
notable for this reason remember McGann
has spent over 30 hours talking to
Muller's investigators with us tonight
to talk about it former US Attorney
Joyce Vance who spent 25 years as a
federal prosecutor Joyce first off
Rosenstein one doesn't get to the
conference room on the fourth floor of
the Justice Department by accident
obviously this was by invitation by
prearrangement it's the Wall Street
Journal why now and did you find any
more notable quotes in what he said it's
very unusual for a Deputy Attorney
General to sit down and give the press
sort of a free ranging interview that
not related to a specific case or policy
that's being announced so I think it is
curious one might easily ask the
question why he did it today
I don't really discern a clear answer to
that question looking at his comments
but it's good to see him hitting hard
and firmly maintaining that the
investigation is independent and that it
will reach a result with integrity one
of the best reporters covering this
White House Maggie Haberman of the New
York Times appeared on our competition
over at CNN tonight and because this
reporting is hers we wanted to share it
in her own words she's talking about
something specific she has noticed about
the president's communications just
recently he had taken a break from
agitating about this he had not tweeted
the words witch-hunt for a month and the
way it had been described to me by
several people close to him was a he
personally believed that Muller was
winding down for whatever reason and we
don't know why but that he believed that
number one in the number two he also
believed that all he could do was rock
the boat and yet here you had him doing
it again this week so Joyce do you
believe that Part one and Part two where
do you think I know you're asked this
all the time where do you think the
mother effort is it did seem like
someone took the president's phone out
of his hands for a couple of weeks you
know his Twitter feed was conspicuously
silent and not using the term witch-hunt
and not trying to call out individual
employees at the FBI and the Justice
Department who he was offended by so
that seemed actually to be a positive
development whether or not that means
that the President believes that this
investigation is coming to a conclusion
it's tough to say but one thing that I
know from my years in DOJ is oftentimes
people who are looking at an
investigation from the outside and
concluding that it will wrap up a
certain way that there will be
indictments that there won't be
indictments those people are often sadly
mistaken when the final results are
released from the grand jury it's very
difficult to predict these results from
the outside because we don't know
all of the evidence that Moeller has
available we don't know if he thinks
that there are gaps in the evidence that
makes it difficult for him to indict
additional cases or potentially he's
sitting on the mother lode and could
really be looking at a full-blown in
series of indictments that would sort of
shoo-in in a serious way to this idea
that there was collaboration between the
Trump campaign and Russian interests
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
