do you believe that media are the enemy
of the people
yes because I've seen it with my own
I've seen it with my own eyes how they
live regardless of what the storm or the
big news is small sample of what we
heard from the crowd Donald Trump's
rallies just this week the message took
root back in 2016 on the president's
Twitter feed
but the message has evolved over time a
few days ago I called the fake news the
enemy of the people and they are they
are the enemy of the people if you want
to discover the source of the division
in our country look no further than the
fake news in the crooked media they are
very very dishonest people
fake ders but they can make anything bad
because they are the fake fake
disgusting news also importantly let's
not forget this one from just a few days
ago what you're seeing and what you're
reading is not what's happening with us
to talk about it tonight Jon Meacham
Pulitzer Prize winning author and
historian his latest book and it's an
important one is the soul of America the
battle for our better angels Jon these
talking points we've just heard the
president make why is this more
pernicious than just another Trump thing
well he is actively making the working
press a target of the wrath of people in
physical proximity one to another which
is a really remarkable thing as as you
mentioned every president beginning with
George Washington who almost did not
stand for re-election I won't say run
because nobody ran against him but
almost decided not to seek a second term
because he was so tired of being
criticized so this drama starts in 1792
and presses forward what's a little
different is that we used to have to at
least hear from aides or in the
extraordinary case of the Nixon tapes we
would hear Nixon himself denouncing the
press we would hear about pred the the
unhappiness of presidents usually in the
most casual kind of remark of off hand
or a leak this is a case where the
president has turned the working media
into a permanent foil political enemy
and so he's basically in the tribal eyes
culture of the moment he has said the
media is as much an opponent of ours
meaning him in his base as the
Democratic Party or those who oppose on
policy grouts which takes the role of a
Free Press and puts it in really
significant
pretty I think John you know this next
question is coming and that is what if
we need to say to the American people no
this this next portion of the story is
getting consequential for our country
for our presidency in our Constitution
and this isn't fake at all in fact it
hasn't been more real well it's the the
pernicious nough strategy he has wounded
the messenger he's opened fire on the
potential outlets that will be the means
by which any damaging information will
come to the people so in that sense it's
it's as strategic as anything he does
and you know you talk to people who know
the president and a lot of them will say
you guys overthink this he's just making
it up he's just rolling with with
whatever comes to the top of mind but as
you just played this is a consistent
theme and I think what he's done is
attempted to and I think probably pretty
significantly to an effective degree he
has wounded the means by which director
mullahs report will be reported to the
people and lord knows what else
Brett Stevens has written a chilling
op-ed in the New York Times tonight no
one's ever gonna accuse him of writing
unthoughtful pieces this one he he kind
of gives a recitation of a death threat
he got on voicemail and the column man's
with we are approaching a day when blood
on the newsroom floor will be blood on
the president's hands John I don't think
that's an overstatement I think it's
feeling as just as serious as you you've
portrayed it tonight I I think so and
one of the one of the things about
history is when we look back we often
see things in an inevitable progression
when we look back at Dallas 1963 we
remember that the Johnsons were jostled
lady people spit at Lady Bird from the
John Birch Society from from the right
in Texas we see that Adlai Stevenson
then the ambassador to the United
Nations was attacked with placards at a
rally all
we could see in retrospect all leading
up to the tragedy of Daley Plaza I fear
and I pray that I'm wrong that you could
be playing the tape you just played a
moment ago the the sequence when in fact
something terrible happens and a words
have consequences and words from the
very top have the most far-reaching
consequences
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
