day 561 this was of the Trump
administration and the end of another
week brings a new sign of Robert
Muller's increasing interest in one of
Donald Trump's veteran advisors his
friend of 40 years in fact Roger stone
NBC News reporting tonight that
according to a source with direct
knowledge a member of Muller's team met
with a stone associate named Kristin
Davis she first came to prominence when
the New York City tabloids nicknamed her
the Manhattan madam after she said she
provided prostitutes to the rich and
powerful including a former governor of
New York the NBC News reports tonight
reads quote Davis said in July that the
Mullah representative who contacted her
lawyer asked if she would accept a
subpoena or if the FBI would need to
serve it to her she said her lawyer
called the representative Mac to say she
would accept it
Davis said she had worked for stone for
many years and other people who worked
with stone had already been subpoenaed
today Roger stone released this
statement quote Kristin Davis is a
longtime friend an associate of mine I'm
the Godfather to her two-year-old son
she knows nothing about alleged Russian
collusion wiki leaks collaboration or
any other impropriety related to the
2016 election which I thought was the
subject of this probe Davis is one of at
least three Stone Associates said to be
on Muller's radar the special counsel
reportedly remains very interested in
that June 2016 Trump Tower meeting wants
to talk to the Russian singer who helped
set it up reports this week of a new
angle in the Russia investigation the
ongoing negotiations over a possible
Muller interview and the trial of
trump's former campaign chairman let's
not forget all seem to be coinciding
with the president's escalating attacks
he is all over Twitter he held two
rallies in just the space in the last
four days he's got another one in Ohio
tomorrow
last night he managed to discredit the
Russia inquiry while mocking critics of
his meeting with Putin in Helsinki I had
a great meeting with Putin we discussed
everything I don't
we got along really well by the way
that's a good thing not a bad thing
that's a really good thing now we're
being hindered by the Russian hoax it's
a hoax okay
earlier this week he wrote quote
Attorney General Jeff Sessions should
stop this rigged witch hunt right now
Bob Mulder's totally conflicted in his
17 angry Democrats that are doing his
dirty work our disgrace to the USA his
concern about palmetto forts financial
crimes trial comes out in this posting
quote Paul Manafort worked for Ronald
Reagan Bob Dole and many other highly
prominent respected political leaders he
worked for me for a very short time why
didn't government tell me he was under
investigation these old charges have
nothing to do with collusion a hoax but
Trump reserves some of his sharpest
attacks for his critics and the news
media even these people back here these
horrible horrendous people even these
people back there said look at it it
looks like the Academy Awards are so
many you ever see this book let's say
I'm running against Pocahontas
or crazy Burnie I tell you I got to hand
it to Bernie I saw him up there the
other day that hair is getting whiter
and whiter
I had Obamacare done except one guy at
two o'clock in the morning one innocent
you know who that new leader is Maxine
Waters
very low IQ low IQ they can make
anything bad because they are the fake
fake disgusting news on that note let's
bring in our leadoff panel for a Friday
night Jonathan Allen NBC News national
political reporter and co-author of the
best-seller shattered about the Hillary
campaign Jill wine banks attorney and
former assistant Watergate Special
Counsel
Jonathan Lemire White House reporter for
The Associated Press if it's Friday it
must be New Jersey and Jackie Calmes
White House editor for the Los Angeles
Times welcome to you all mr. Lemire
covering the vacationing President I'd
like to begin with you by the way as
long as presidents have vacationed White
House's have rushed in to say oh no no
this is a working vacation so calling
this a working vacation is one of the
most traditional things this White House
has ever done having established that
you reported just days ago Jonathan this
president was in a very dark place is he
in any brighter confines even including
the fact that he likes rallies like that
for what we just saw hey Brian well he
is in one of the nation's greatest
states tonight and he won't be here for
long though as he heads back to Ohio
tomorrow for a rally as you said last
night though when he was in Pennsylvania
I think betrayed where his mood was
though he certainly was at times jovial
and sort of jocular with the crowd he
had a lot of venom shall we say towards
the media and it came of course just
hours after his entire national security
staff finally did what so many people
have wanted for to hear for a long time
to sort of chastise Russia for their
election interference in 2016 and
outlined steps to prevent them from
doing it again while sounding the alarm
that yes this is threat is still still
very real from Moscow and it should be
taken seriously of course what happens
later just six hours later in
northeastern Pennsylvania the president
downplays it suggests the whole thing is
a hoax and then turns withering scorn on
the media that was there suggesting that
we were treating him unfairly sort of
reappropriation
his criticism of a report that he thinks
is inaccurate but rather just a report
that he thinks is unfair or you know
unkind to him and therefore and labeling
us sort of his enemy though he didn't
use enemy the state yesterday he just
certainly described us as you know
disgusting horrible people this is the
White House as you said it suggests
earnest of working vacation he made a
series of phone calls today the
lawmakers the press pool we didn't lay
eyes on him but he'll be back out there
again tomorrow and add a half a day
after behaving himself on Twitter like
he did today I think we all expect that
once again it won't just be the news
media in his crosshairs but it will be
this Russia probe which has followed him
throughout whether he's in the White
House or here in Bedminster John Ellen
you covered last night's tour de force
in wilkes-barre what did you see and
note in the arena that perhaps wasn't
obvious on television well I was one of
the Horrible's I guess it rhymes with
deplorable as the difference between the
news media is just trying to report the
facts I can only imagine what the
president thinks of other people are
actually opposing him politically you
know this rally was was a pretty
boisterous one and I think Jonathan was
absolutely right having been at a rally
in Tampa earlier this week the president
was pretty pretty pumped up pretty
jazzed up in pretty venomous as as
Jonathan said compared to how he was
earlier in the week he's obviously
feeling a lot of pressure but one of the
things I noticed yesterday was he really
emphasized immigration in this
particular speech he was in a part of a
country that has seen a big influx of
Hispanic immigrants over the course of
the last decade or so it's a big issue
for his base he went to all of those and
he played some of them earlier some of
those greatest hits whether it's Maxine
Waters or Nancy Pelosi or Chuck Schumer
certainly referencing some of the other
Greatest Hits and what what's important
about that Bryan is as he's ramping up
for the midterms he's not really trying
to expand the Republican base but really
just fire up his own supporters and get
them energized I he is seen a period in
his presidency throughout his presidency
that's been very static in terms of
approval
so if if his party's gonna win in the
midterm elections if it's going to
preserve its majorities in the Senate in
the house it's gonna be on the on the
basis of every last Republican turning
out particularly every last base
supporter so I think we can expect to
hear more and more of what we heard last
night
Jackie Calmes you've covered a story or
two in the pantheon of bad weeks for
Donald Trump noting that this one
started with him telling the AG he
should end the mother investigation and
just yesterday after his intelligence
community came out talked about the
Russia threat he went out and called it
a hoax in wilkes-barre where does this
rank in the short history of bad weeks
of the Trump presidency I actually think
it's no worse really than some of the
worst but but when you look at it
substantively it was really important
because when you think about it here we
are more than a year and a half after
he's taken office and we're coming up on
two years since he was elected the
unanimous consensus of the intelligence
community of this country is that we
were attacked by our biggest adversary
Russia and for the first time in the
past week he can be he presided over a
meeting the first time a meeting of his
National Security Council it lasted
somewhere between under an hour
maybe just a half hour before he went
off to bed Minster to his Golf Club for
last weekend so this week because the
administration feels so on the defensive
that they're not doing enough we're just
three months away from a midterm
election where the intelligence
community is saying that Russia is
continuing to try to subvert our
elections they bring five top national
security officials before the press
court in the in the briefing room to say
something the president himself has
never said publicly now that was a
tableau that should have been played out
in the East Room of the White House
perhaps with the President himself as
the maestro at the at the mic instead
the next we see the president is as your
guests have said of as
you said was there in wilkes-barre
Pennsylvania before a crowd of you know
his adoring supporters in which he's
calling it a hoax it's a wonder to me
that some of these people haven't
resigned but I think it comes back to
the original sentiment that a lot of
people had joining this administration
they're doing this for their country
they're doing it to in effect I mean
it's not going too far to say to protect
this country from the president
Jill Jackie just said a series of really
important things and now we need to know
what it looks like from a lawyer's
perspective if you were Rudy Giuliani or
Jay Sekulow or the White House Counsel
or the raskins attorneys at law how
would you view this past week I would be
very concerned I think that the
president's actions have been more
obstruction there's no question that his
tweet saying attorney General Sessions
should stop the investigation is an
active act of obstruction of justice I
also think that his tweet that the hoax
about hoax and the Manafort trial saying
that there's no no collusion there and
the trials a hoax could be seen as jury
tampering he is clearly playing to his
base and doing everything he can to
undermine the Russia investigation he
has done nothing to protect the country
and I think it's a serious problem for
him from a legal perspective it's it's
really bad
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
