the President of the United States is at
odds with his top intelligence officials
yesterday in a rare White House briefing
room appearance DNI director Dan coats
FBI director Christopher Rea Secretary
of Homeland Security Kirsten Nielsen
national security adviser John Bolton
and NSA director general Paul naka Sony
addressed Russian interference in the US
political system their message was clear
Russian attempts to interfere in the
2018 elections are real and ongoing but
just six hours later six hours Donald
Trump contradicted his own intelligence
officials at a rally in Pennsylvania in
Helsinki I had a great meeting with
Putin we discussed everything the
Russians are looking for every
opportunity to continue their pervasive
efforts to undermine our fundamental
values Russia is very unhappy that Trump
won that architect as I have said
consistently Russia attempted to
interfere with the last election and
continues to engage in malign influence
operations to this day now we're being
hindered by the Russian hoax it's a hoax
we acknowledge the threat it is real it
is continuing and we're doing everything
we can to have a legitimate election
that the American people can have trust
in it is almost as if there are two
administrations one led by grown-ups
we're trying to protect our nation and
our democracy the other led by a man who
wants to be best buds with our attacker
or as Jennifer Rubin writes in The
Washington Post no matter how hard coats
ray Bolton another side step or try to
put words in Donald Trump's mouth Trump
never fails to embarrass them and
communicate his true feelings
he is never accepted that he got elected
with Russian health and he is not about
to make a personal all-out push to stop
it in 2018 there are only 95 days until
the midterm elections can the
intelligence community work together to
ensure fair elections without the help
of the commander-in-chief without the
help of the President we'll discuss that
next
you're saying today that the president
has directed you to make the issue of
election meddling a priority how do you
explain the disconnect between what you
are saying his advisers and what the
president has said about this issue I'm
not in a position to either understand
fully or talk about what happened
Helsinki look at that joining us now is
Evan McMullen a former CIA operative and
former independent presidential
candidate and near Tandon is back with
us Evan let's start with you what what
does it take for that sort of scene to
happen on Thursday for all of those
national security heads to come out to
the press briefing room and address not
just the reporters there but the general
public what does it take to get them to
do that well I think first of all you
have these national security leaders who
genuinely understand that this kind of
thing needs to be communicated to the
American people the American people need
to understand what kind of threat we're
facing so that they can support our
leaders as they hopefully do the right
thing or elect leaders in Congress
specifically who will do the right thing
who will support you know sanctions that
are strong enough to deter Russia but I
think what's also happening my read of
it anyway is that as we get closer to
the midterms and as it becomes clear to
the American people that the Russians
did attack our election and did use the
Republican Party especially through its
candidate Donald Trump to make that
attack and that now the Republican Party
is sort of lying down on the job or at
least its elected leaders I think
there's got to be increasing pressure to
show the American people that the
administration on some level is trying
to do the right thing and that's why I
think those National Security leaders
end up on that podium in the press room
and even though six hours later the
president gets up on stage and says the
whole thing's a hoax he's talking to his
bases most fervent loyal base that's the
message they want to hear he's keeping
them in the dark and brainwashed whereas
the Republicans were concerned by Donald
Trump's open betrayal of the country and
Helsinki are saying okay well maybe part
of the administration is doing the right
thing maybe I can still vote Republican
do their in the dark and brainwashed I
think I I think it's time for us to
start thinking about
some of the base being brainwashed there
this there's this queuing on this
conspiracy theory the the conspiracy
theories on the far-right are growing
and spreading and becoming less a part
of just the fringe discourse and working
their way into the mainstream and
actually that's been the case for a
while but it's becoming more of the case
and in my mind that's that's a that's a
piece of brainwashing I mean we're
talking about people existing in
alternative information environments
that have no bearing on fact or reality
or reason and that's where some of his
base is near it is almost like there are
two administration's one led with
grownups led by grown-ups like those
national security advisors you just saw
and the other one led by Donald Trump
a man who wants to hug the guy bear hug
the guy who attacked our democracy yeah
I mean just think about the fact that we
had all those leaders of our
intelligence community leader of the FBI
the DNI all walk out and make the
Statesmen statements they did and of
course it's not just their work they are
basing this on the work of hundreds if
not thousands of intelligence people and
you know working in or the CIA the FBI
etc gathering intelligence about the
threat our country faces right now and
then hours later Donald Trump continues
with the language of a Russian hoax just
weeks after Vladimir Putin said that he
wanted Trump to win and him and Donald
Trump said that he basically believed
Vladimir Putin over the people arrayed
at the White House podium yesterday and
I think the reality of this is that if
you are concerned about the threat that
exists from Russia not just what they've
done in the past but what they are doing
today and what they will do in the
future you cannot count on the President
of the United States if we have an
extraordinary moment where there's
really two administration's there is the
president Trump himself and then the
intelligence community and they have
really lined up and then just as a
host to him on this fundamental issue so
the question needs to be asked is the
administration concerned about sending
mixed messages to Russia here's what one
of these strategic communications
director told Kristen Welker it's only
the media near this is the talking point
every single day which is that we're all
supposed to just physically ignore what
Donald Trump says I mean Sarah Huckabee
Sanders says this on occasion that the
White House press strategy communication
strategy is to just actually the the
broad public except for their base is
supposed to ignore what the president
says but his base is supposed to take
everything he says literally I mean it's
it's it's ridiculous and outrageous that
we have this kind of thing happening
about you know not you know not a
partisan battle or just two sides of a
debate on taxes or something this is
about America's national security this
is about our elections and democracy and
the fact that the White House the
President of the United States cannot
contain just cannot make the statement
about the threat that exists from Russia
is ridiculous and shows that he's got it
makes the people think they have
something on him well let me ask this
question of you Evan can the can the
intelligence community can our agencies
effectively push back and protect us
against Russian and Russian interference
a cyber warfare if the president's not
onboard they can do a lot but they can't
do enough what really needs to happen
here is deterrence because we're never
going to be able to block every cyber
intrusion and disinformation campaign I
mean it's you just can't do it so you
have to deter and deterrence the best
vehicle for that is is through sanctions
that has to be done by Congress which is
why the midterms are so critical Evan
McMullen always good to see you my
a night date it's in there attended
thank you as well thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
