big one tonight international geography
lesson United Kingdom Edition I'm sure
you're familiar with the region but he
does have a lot of names and they can
get pretty confusing this in the yellow
circle is Great Britain also called just
plain old Britain made up of three
countries England Scotland and Wales and
this red circle shows the United Kingdom
the UK for short and more formally the
United Kingdom of Great Britain in
Northern Ireland
it's made up of Great Britain that's
England Scotland Wales Plus Northern
Ireland and finally you have the British
Isles encompassing everything in this
blue circle that would be England
Scotland Wales Northern Ireland the
Republic of Ireland plus of course the
Isle of Man and many smaller islands
okay got all that as I said it can be
confusing and any of us myself included
could get mixed up but any of us is not
the President of the United States
people call it Britain they call it
Great Britain they call it they used to
call it England
different parts but the UK great respect
thing - in 60 seconds Donald Trump owns
a golf course in Scotland so you'd think
he'd have a decent understanding of
where that is but just last month his
White House had to delete this tweet
announcing the president was leaving the
UK to go to Scotland which is in the UK
weirdly Trump has had a really really
tough time with UK geography he once
told the Wall Street Journal quote I
mean you don't hear the word Britain
anymore it's very interesting it's like
nope last month he told Piers Morgan you
have different names you could say
England you can say UK you could say
United Kingdom so many different you
know you have you have so many different
names Great Britain I always say which
one do you prefer
last month's NATO trip he told the son
he prefers England as much as you should
I missed a name England if you
understand they missed the name England
I think England is a beautiful name and
you don't hear it
so true you just don't hear England
anymore last night Trump was in
wilkes-barre Pennsylvania which he
pronounced wilkes-barre and he brought
up the UK again I have great respect for
the UK United Kingdom great respect
people call it Britain they call it
Great Britain they call it they used to
call it England
different parts but the UK great respect
great respect hey what can you ask for I
mean nobody elected this man to get the
names of places right and I'm greatly
honored to host this lunch to be joined
by the leaders of Cote d'Ivoire Ethiopia
Ghana Guinea nambia Tanzanian China
Belgium is a beautiful city we are also
praying for the people of Puerto Rico we
love Puerto Rico heroin overdoses are
surging and meth overdoses in Nevada
Nevada and it's great to be back in
Missouri you cherish Utah's gleaming
rivers this rusher thing with Trump and
Russia Jerusalem is not just the heart
of three great religions nobody says it
the other way it has to be Nevada right
and if you don't say it correctly and it
didn't happen to me but it happened to a
friend of mine he was killed and God
bless the United States thank you very
much thank you
hey there are misses from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
