highways would take 21 years to get
approved we have it down to two years
and it's going to be one year very
shortly
US Steel is opening up seven plants I'll
tell you what Russia's very unhappy that
Trump won vatican's had I raised 44
billion last year and you know I don't
know if you know NATO funding was going
down
Jane migration and this was a schumer
dale schumer wanted those republicans
just passed the biggest tax cuts in the
history of our country okay so every one
of those statements was false
like provably false demonstrably false
and some of them were like outright
obvious screaming raging lies and there
are of course many more such lies where
that came from just in the speech last
night now lying and getting away with it
has kind of been Trump's thing is kind
of late motif of his entire campaign and
his political life but people are
starting to ask whether we've entered
into a entirely new era of Trump lies in
other words are we now in full-fledged
gaslight territory here's how Susan
Glasser talked about Trump's lies in The
New Yorker the fact that Trump while
historically unpopular with the American
public as a whole has retained the
loyalty of more than 8% of Republicans
the group at which his lives seemed to
be aimed means we are in for much more
as a midterm election approaches that
may determine where the Trump is
impeached by a newly Democratic Congress
at this point the falsehoods are as much
a part of Trump's political identity as
his floppy orange hair and the make
America great slogan Phil Rev just John
you're all students still here I want to
focus in a second on a very specific lie
but just I'll just to the table here
yeah is it getting worse it feels like
it's getting worse to me and more and
more gratuitous and more disgusting but
maybe I'm just some kind of what are
they called snowflakes it's it's
actually statistically getting worse at
the Washington Post we have a fact
checker that keeps track of all of the
the falsehoods those claims the MIS
statements from Trump and he just passed
the four thousand mark this month that's
a lesson in his presidency but the pace
is increasing in the last two months
he's raised about a thousand I believe
and that's exponentially faster paced
and earlier in his presidency which
indicates he's much loose
with the facts now and much more willing
to tell a lie it's possible that Moore's
law which used to apply only to
microchips now applies to Trump's lies
rather I think the danger of it is our
normalizing presidential lying to where
we become accustomed to it and you know
there was the standard when I was going
to school everyone thought George
Washington never told a lie we've gone
from that to just counting and you're
needing to have data collectors because
there's so many of how many lies the
president told that is not a forward
movement for the country's culture where
it gets truly insidious is when it's
combined with the attacks on the press
if the president says under normal
circumstances should a president say an
untruth we could disagree about it and
then point to an objective source of
fact like NBC like the New York Times to
talk about what is actually going on
here with combining his lying with his
undermining of the press means that
you're losing the objective source of
fact for this 80% of Republicans that
still tend to believe him there's no way
to reach them at this point if he says
something is true there is no way for me
on the other side of the aisle to have a
conversation with my Republican family
members and say look here's where it
says it's false because he's also
undermined that source I see John of her
struggling to restrain his his
contrarian
instincts wants to say I think that you
have to look at this in two ways one of
which is he's getting worse the lines
getting worse and and Reverend Sharpton
is correct that where we are we're
through we're across the bridge into
something new which is to say our
Democrats really gonna want a field in
2020 somebody who is you know righteous
and proper and won't go down the
terrible road the Trump has gone down
know what they're gonna want is their
own Trump they're gonna want somebody
who can go toe-to-toe with him properly
and like not let him get away with it
let them let him let somebody lie for
them so that's the that's the danger
dangerous world we're going down the
other thing though is you have to
understand about Republican support it's
not that they necessarily believe what
he's saying but they don't like you they
don't like you and they don't agree with
you and they're not
gonna give you the satisfaction of
telling a pollster that they don't
support Trump because they're they
you're the enemy I'm sorry I don't mean
I just mean Liberal Democrats the
polarization of the country is they
don't like their many people I don't
like Phil I don't like saying what they
don't like is they don't like liberals
and they're not giving pollsters they
aren't gonna give pollsters any grounds
on which to say that Trump is unpopular
with them
okay so I gotta cut you off just for one
side cuz I want to get in the way back
machine here because the reality is we
all agree it's getting worse right but
the truth is that there's an example of
a trump lie that goes back to the very
beginning the administration in February
of 2017 at Trump's first joint address
first the joint session of Congress when
he gave a speech I want to play the
sound and we're going to talk about this
particular lie and what's happened with
it in the last day or so according to
data provided by the Department of
Justice the vast majority of individuals
convicted of terrorism and terrorism
related offenses since 9/11 came here
from outside of our country okay so
that's a very specific thing he just
claimed there was data from the
Department of Justice that it's proved
the thing you just said been witness in
law fair heard this at the time and said
that been sent right to me and started a
process of doing the research the
research that they gather it seemed
indicate that it was false so he started
that a FOIA application process went to
the Justice Department and said hey you
know what I want to see this data that
proves what the president said and the
just apartment now come back and said
there are no responsive records that the
Justice Department has no data that
supports what Trump said in that speech
so to me there's something kind of
special about that your first big speech
as president United States in the well
of the House of Representatives speaking
in the biggest speech you're gonna give
as president to that point to go out and
not just tell a lie a garden-variety lie
but to cite the Department of Justice
and say there are statistics that
support something that happens to
support one of the most controversial
parts of your early administration which
is the travel ban and now it turns out
that it's totally made-up and that the
Justice Department
willing to come out and say that it's
totally made up this to me strikes I
don't maybe I get a snowflake but this
strikes me as kind of extraordinary no
no I think it is extraordinary and I
think the danger is it feeds into his
anti-immigrant profiling of people from
other places to say this and to act as
though the Justice Department in some
ways certified this it feeds into this
kind of xenophobia that he represents
which makes it dangerous and before we
discount that a lot of the Republicans
that are listening to him are saying
well I don't necessarily believe him but
I don't like you I agree with John for
hours that they don't like us for
different reasons but he's winning
everyone he endorses in the primaries
despite the lies because he's hitting
the xenophobia and bigotry on things
that a lot of them support and that I
don't think we want to come to town on
the basis of your reporting what you
know about Donald Trump's psyche what is
that makes him think he can get away
with that line like what everybody lies
right dr. house used to say that we all
lie everybody lies around this table is
lied at something or another but to be
able to do that in the joint session and
cite statistics that simply do not exist
what makes him think he can get away
with that I mean he's lied throughout
his life throughout his career and not
really face consequences and he he also
creates sort of an alternate reality in
his mind where to the point where he
thinks it's true if he repeats it enough
times if he hears that it reinforced
from his advisers enough times he starts
to believe that that's the reality and
you see it on issue after issue after it
very very quickly because I got to go
okay I was a speechwriter 30 years ago
in the Reagan White House if you had any
idea how rigorously yeah every single
fact was checked not in this White House
not in this White House of the opposite
now by hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
