President Trump had a favorite topic at
a rally in Pennsylvania last night again
touting his vision for a space force
I've directed the Pentagon to begin the
process of creating a sixth branch of
the United States Armed Forces called
the space force very important okay but
those directions to the Pentagon here's
what the White House press secretary
Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Wednesday
after the president's aide said the same
thing the day before and we're told that
the White House is now twice rejected
drafts because the Defense Department
doesn't want a space force and rather
create a space command under the
existing military structure in view of
this how is the president going to force
the creation of a space force we're
continuing to work with the Department
of Defense to figure out and determine
the best way forward something that
president feels strongly about and we're
gonna work with our team there and
figure out the best solution continuing
to work with the Department of Defense
not exactly the immediate direction the
president seems to imply and he can't
just unilaterally order the Defense
Department to create a new military
service Congress would have to be
involved in that but a new draft report
reveals that the Pentagon is preparing
for the new space force preparing three
of the four components that are actually
needed first and foremost it creates a
new combatant command that's the command
structure that actually carries out the
mission in an area of assigned
responsibility it's either a geographic
location say the u.s. Africa Command in
a in a in a geographical functional area
or Special Operations for SOCOM the
president or the Pentagon also plans to
reorganize the existing Air Force Space
Command which is currently a lead agency
on space though each of the military
departments the Army the Navy and the
Air Force have their own space command
or Brigade now the change would heavily
affect the Air Force but it's unclear
how involved Air Force officials have
been in the planning process it would
have to pull from the other services to
create a cohesive unit and for the
president willing to cut military
exercises with South Korean allies at
least in part due to calm
it's unclear which branch would bear the
heaviest brunt of losing their budget to
the new kid on the block the current
branch is the Marine Corps the Coast
Guard falling under the Department of
Navy make up more than 80% of the
Department of Defense 686 billion dollar
request for government funding in the
fiscal year of 2019 all right joining us
now is former NASA astronaut commander
of the International Space Station and
retired US Navy captain Scott Kelly good
morning captain Kelly our commander
Kelly excuse me walk us through this
creating a new branch of military this
is a massively expensive and
bureaucratic effort sort of the opposite
of what this what this administration
claims to be doing across the board give
us your view well it certainly sounds
that way Stephanie I think you know
anytime you add more bureaucracy to an
already large bureaucracy it's going to
cost a lot of money I think you know the
capability we're talking about is
something that probably already exists
in the US military in the Air Force the
Navy the other armed services you know I
spent 25 years in the in the Navy and 20
of it at at NASA and this is not
something that we ever really heard was
a serious consideration over all that
time so it's kind of hard to understand
at this point the former secretary the
Air Force said that the president is
confusing a service branch and a
combatant command what's the difference
here and what would the aim be if you
subscribe to the president's notion that
we should have a space force what is
that space force meant to be doing well
that's a good that's the the number one
question I mean are we talking about
like new offensive capability in space
are we talking about space-based weapons
you know some of these things are
restricted by international treaties
that the United States has been a party
to since the 1960s so you know it's not
clear to me what the the purpose is of
this new branch of the military which is
going to be incredibly expensive and my
big
sir here is that you know space has been
a place for us to work in a peaceful
manner and you know changing that with
not any clear reason at this point is
like I said it's kind of hard to
understand kind of like the Olympics
right I mean spaces weren't like the
International Space Station is one of
those places where you're up there with
people astronauts from all over the
world it's the one place where we
actually codepen and we get things done
we actually probably want earth to feel
a little more like space you know
absolutely it's it's an environment
where former enemies and actually even
people that you could currently argue
our enemies can work together in a in a
peaceful way you know where do you think
this is coming from usually when the
president has a legislative agenda you
can travel it back to a portion of his
base or his administration is something
he ran on and this one what's the
motivation behind it I think back to the
military exercises that the president
wants to cancel taking place in Asia
because it claims it costs too much this
would cost way more who wants to do it
you know I don't really want to
speculate too much on the president's
motivations but you know I I would like
to point out that you know the space
force is talking about some you know
future potentially you know almost
scientific war that mean we may have to
be a party of how about deal with the
war we're currently and the cyber war
that is you know calling you know trying
to affect our democracy the thing that
is most important to the United States
which is free and fair elections we're
currently in a war right now why don't
we worry we should worry about that one
and you know worried about war in space
later I'm sure
commander Scott's told you this but
every time we talk he reminds me that if
everybody actually hung out in space
went up on a space shuttle orbited space
went to the International Space Center
the station the the looking back on
Earth changes your entire view of
fighting over resources fighting over
things it sort of does give you just
gives you a better perspective I guess
by definition right Scott absolutely an
orbital perspective it makes you know
you look at Earth from space it looked
makes it seem like we are all part of
this one planet we're in this together
and we need to work together to solve
our common problems
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
