the march to the midterms is on and this
morning a new race to keep a close eye
on Bob corkers sought-after Senate seat
in the state of Tennessee last night
congresswoman Marsha Blackburn easily
won the Republican nomination while
President Trump endorsed and even
campaigned alongside of her now
Blackburn will face Democrat Phil
brendensen the state's former governor
who is in what is likely to become a
remarkably competitive race and in this
race for governor Republicans nominated
a political outsider in a very wealthy
businessman bill Lee he notably defeated
congresswoman Diane Black who closely
aligned herself with President Trump but
failed to secure his endorsement the
president did not endorse any candidate
in that race my panel is back with me
all right Eddie Axio said that last
night proved president Trump's
endorsement is worth its weight in gold
in 2018 I think they're absolutely right
and that's why so many Republicans are
so scared they lack courage but the
question is will his endorsement prove
to be valuable in the general election
so we know what happens in primaries we
know what happens in Republican
primaries and we've known this for a
while the candidates Bank right and they
play to the base Donald Trump is
powerful there what happens in the
general primary particularly when
Democrats are excited then let's talk
about banking left in the race for bob
Corker seat The Washington Post says the
Democratic nominee filled brendensen who
I just mentioned gives his party its
best chance of statewide general
election victory in more than a decade
he has presented himself as an affable
centrist willing to work with President
Trump and his presence on the ballot
forces the GOP GOP to play defense on
its home turf
that sounds to me like a really smart
strategy yet what is happening inside
the Democratic Party while we're in
primary season is the rise of Alessandra
Ocasio port Cortes campaigning with
Bernie Sanders and if you turn on Fox
News every day they're talking about the
rise of democratic socialism and that
gets people scared so well Republicans
make a mistake banking to the right do
Democrats make the same as think banking
to the left well let's think about this
in the context of Tennessee yeah
it makes it makes sense for this
candidate to be centrist in Tennessee it
made sense for Acacio cortez to be who
she was in her particular district Mr
Alexander in Tennessee you had Harold
Ford and his family in Tennessee all
centrist Democrats centrist Republicans
over the course of the last we've longed
for gotten to about Connor land in his
district but when you look at what he
actually believed what the policies he
the positions he actually took right he
doesn't seem like he would be the person
to join the blue dog caucus though right
which is always an issue in terms of
what Democrats can do the ways in which
these ideological differences play
themselves out in actual policy decision
I also think we sit here and we talk
about this big concept of socialism we
debate what it actually means all the
polling that I've seen when people go
out state-by-state and asked what people
care about it's about the cost of health
care
yes that's people care about so if you
can show but you can say I'm gonna take
care of the cost of health care like
that's a really powerful argument you're
getting into details and you're talking
about a nuanced powerful argument yeah
but lots of people don't get into the
argument they just go oh my gosh
socialist I can't have that it's gonna
take all my money and I will tell you if
the entire Democratic Party gets branded
as socialist successfully going into the
midterms or into the 2020 presidential
depending on who takes that mantle they
lose this is a thing we can reject the
label and just simply there's an old
philosophical concept let's explicate by
elimination let's get rid of the term
and see what it stands for
we'll talk about decent wages we'll talk
about yet being able to afford one's
house when we talk about being able to
send one skit to to an affordable
college when we talk about the basic
on-the-ground issues what the answer is
take a page from the Republicans
playbook they've hijacked the word
Patriot the word Patriot is a beautiful
strong American word it means but one
who defends the honor and values of
their country in the face of foods the
president does the opposite in the eyes
of Helsinki I think they are taking a
page from the Republicans playbook but
it's a page from the 80s they are
staking out a position way out on the
fringe to drag the party in their
direction and if you want to drag the
party in your direction that is what you
have to do it takes decades
you're gonna say they're wearing neon
and doing Harling the far-left
I'm with you what this suggests is how
how fundamentally could you know
constructed up the spectrum of American
politics is becoming here completely
according to today's standards Walter
Mondale would be a freaking far-left
social miracle right selling that in the
United States Nixon would be a Democrat
today almost I mean you know it's so yes
the politics have changed but I do think
the labeling and messaging is going to
make an enormous difference if the
Democrats get branded as democratic
socialists it does not sell in the
United States we do have to break it
down to policy really quickly what I do
know in this political climate is that
Republican light will no longer work yes
correct
so Republican light that is try I'm a
I'm a I'm an Eisenhower Republican well
Christy Todd Whitman said that you know
Bill cousin triangulated taking the
Republican issues and make them yours
the Democratic Leadership Council of
1985 will not work in 2018 that's true
Clinton ISM is dead yeah and the
question is what will take its place and
we notice in bamas 881 endorsements he
did not endorse Ocasio Cortes why
because this is the battle that's
happening in the party but you know who
could win this argument I think is
Howard Schultz because he is the
embodiment embodiment of everything that
you're talking about corporate
responsibility health care available to
people in a way that a businessman can
present it as a good proposition as
opposed to a political philosophy or
someone whose name rhymes with shmikes
Moberg well yes much Mike would be
fabulous because he does talked about
all those things and he's also worth 20
billion or 30 billion dollars and he
could sell it in a way that others can't
I wish we could figure out what it is
that we could call socialism because my
frustration is what do you want to call
what they have in Germany where they've
got a bigger social state you don't fall
through the cracks and yet somehow
they've managed to not not fail as a
state whatever you want to call that
factoring power houses and whatever you
want to call Denmark and
we can name a bunch of different
countries that have that whatever you
want to call that can we have that it's
not rattle a big beautiful American word
like patriotism because everybody likes
it but what the president is actually
putting forth is the opposite of it hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
