but I want to begin with president Trump
undermining a major show of force by
America's top national security
officials his officials the top
intelligence officials say the Russia
threat is very real
bowing to protect American elections
from a pervasive campaign by Russians to
interfere in this year's midterm
elections but to the president
everything related to Russia is still a
big hoax and I have a great team here
that's gonna break all of it down but
first I want to walk you through the
tale of two administration's national
security and intelligence leaders are
making a very bold assertion and calling
out Russia straight out for a very real
and very serious threat to US democracy
listen
Russia attempted to interfere with the
last election and continues to engage in
malign influence operations to this day
we acknowledge the threat it is real it
is continuing and we're doing everything
we can to have a legitimate election
that the American people can have trust
in what we see is the Russians are
looking for every opportunity regardless
of party regardless of whether or not it
applies to the election to continue
their pervasive efforts to undermine our
upon the fundamental values our
democracy itself is in the crosshairs
free and fair elections are the
cornerstone of our democracy and it has
become clear that they are the target of
our adversaries not only did ray Coates
and the Olson lay out what's happening
they were joined by President Trump's
national security adviser John Bolton
and the director of the NSA who say
their focus is on the security of
American elections since January 2017
the president has taken decisive action
to defend our election systems from
meddling and interference this includes
measures to heighten the security and
resilience of election systems and
processes to confront Russian and other
foreign malign influence in the United
States to confront such aggression
through international
action and to reinforce a strong
sanctions regime US Cyber Command in the
National Security Agency are tracking a
wide range of foreign cyber avid
adversaries and are prepared to conduct
operations against those actors
attempting to undermine our nation's
midterm elections sounds strong right
sounds like America but is the United
Front as strong as it appears if the
President himself comes out just a few
hours later and says this in Helsinki I
had a great meeting with Putin we
discussed everything
we got along really well by the way
that's a good thing not a bad thing
that's a really good thing now we're
being hindered by the Russian hoax it's
a hoax okay
it is good to be a master negotiator but
remember the President of the United
States is lying he went on to say Russia
didn't want him to win the election and
you absolutely know that is a lie
when he was in Helsinki Vladimir Putin
was asked by journalists and he said yes
he was pleased to see president Trump
win so to those people who attended
president Trump's rally we care about
you we support you you deserve better
you deserve the truth
the president got up there last night
and lied to you hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
