whatever happened to diplomacy you know
I used to study not too much diplomacy I
said whatever happened to getting
everything you want now some you have to
be rough so you have to be nice but
whatever happened and let me tell you if
I did go up and start screaming they
would have said he was terrible he was
so rude it was horrible
his performance was horrible whatever
happened to fair press whatever happened
to honest reporting I remember a nice
man I actually like him he's very
talented with the big chart and all that
red is started getting red Republican I
started getting red that chart red red
red your little little tiny dot of blue
along the ocean his hands start shaking
look oh my god another state came oh my
god what's gonna fake news so Bob Casey
doesn't mind ms-13 coming in
these are the slices they slice people
up they wanted me to walk up and go like
this some of the president and his rally
last night in Pennsylvania and there was
much much more of that good morning
everyone it's Friday August 3rd welcome
to Morning Joe we have a number of
important developments to get through
this morning including a stark warning
from the Intel community Russia is at it
again
they've got the public's attention but
what about the president does he care
what's going on Plus dan coates speaks
truth to power again the Director of
National Intelligence admits he still
does not know what the president told
Vladimir Putin last month in Helsinki
think about it the Director of National
Intelligence and Ivanka Trump says that
it was a low point for her when the
separations of children from their
family were happening under her father's
administration through her father's
policy she says it was a low point she
was felt bad about it
the big question is will she do anything
about it besides prepared comments with
us we have national affairs analyst for
NBC News and MSNBC John Heilemann
Donnie's here Donny Deutsch is here
Republican strategist and MSNBC
political analyst Susan Dell / CEO is
here columnist and associate editor for
The Washington Post David Ignatius and
Pulitzer prize-winning historian Jon
Meacham author of the soul of America
the battle for our better angels a
battle that we're in right now sure Joe
will be back on Monday Willie what did
you think of the president last night
what was just your gut watching him I
thought two things I thought first of
all is extraordinary that a couple of
hours after his entire national security
apparatus appeared in the White House
briefing room laying out
chapter and verse how Russia continues
to interfere in our elections that the
president then went out at that rally
and calls it a Russian folks yep and
reportedly he sent those people out as
Director of National Intelligence in the
FBI director I also just thought it was
sort of another pathetic grievance
session airing his grievances talking
about how
Fairley he's treated by the press and I
wondered what it would be like if he
spent the time and energy he spends on
that focusing on things like clean water
and Flint or visiting troops in a war
zone for example it just strikes me as a
monumental waste of time for a president
United States to go on and on and on I'm
one or two subjects that he can't get
hammering the media John Hammond your
thoughts watching this rally last night
as it pertains to all the rallies we've
seen but what are you thinking at this
point watching this man you know I'm
thinking it's getting old yeah you know
there's a there's just a the the the
things that he's talking about are
really beyond I agree with everything
Willie said and there are things that
are disturbing especially about the
relationship about the fact that he
continues to in various ways implicitly
and sometimes explicitly knocked down
his his intelligence chiefs who he
supposedly yesterday sent out the
reporting was I want those five people
to go out there and make this case for
me they're gonna make the kid I ordered
them to go out there and make it and
then he goes on the stage and and
basically undercuts them but as a
political story right mm-hmm this is
just the it's not just red meat it's red
raw meat for a very for the 35 percent
that we is the courtroom base he's he's
in a state where he's got a Senate
candidate who's trailing he's not in a
strong super strong position he's not
gonna win Pennsylvania by appealing to
that 35% he's got it you'd be talking
about other things but what's he not
talking about it's not talking about the
economy it's not talking about anything
is that actually matter to the
Pennsylvania voters who are going to
determine that election and so great it
to rev up the base he's very good at
that proven that over and over again but
this message and the grievance fest that
it is does nothing to expand the the
voter pool that's right be drawn on by
Lou Barletta across the country so he'll
look again and there's a reason I'm
asking I'm gonna go completely around
the table rapid-fire here David Ignatius
will take you next especially
specifically on the media and on Russia
your take on the president last night
well it's as if we have two governments
one government that states responsible
policies drawn
what our intelligence agencies have
discovered issuing warnings to state
governments doing the business of
government and then we have this other
government this other ring in our
national circus and which in which the
President conducts a daily anti elitist
rant the principal targets are people in
the media I hate to say it but we're the
best thing he's got going for him he
doesn't have a lot of other issues
besides browsing the public to think
that we are in some way elitist to use
his phrase enemies but he's making us
the central theme of his campaign we
just have to see that see that right in
the eyes but but that it is as if Tomica
they're two separate rings to the circus
now yeah and it seems like some people
are beginning to really understand that
especially and he was going after
generals last night Jon Jon Meacham is
there anybody in history a figure in
history that parallels what's happening
with this president
I think it's Joe McCarthy yeah I think
this is as if McCarthy had become
president to go to John's point about it
getting old Roy Cohn who was both Joe
McCarthy's council and Donald Trump's so
sometimes you don't have to make this
stuff up you know it just it just falls
in your lap Cohn wrote a book in 1968
about Joe McCarthy in which he said that
basically McCarthy had a bought
anti-communism the way other people buy
a used car
that it was just a vehicle to take over
the American politics and particularly
in the right wing and secondly people
got tired of the show they got tired of
having as FDR once said the highest note
in the scale repeated again and again
Susan Dell for CEO and then Donnie
what's your gut well the first thing I
thought of it listening again to all his
falsehoods is wow this is really why his
attorneys the president Trump's
attorneys do not want him to go in front
of robert muller right because he just
gets all revved up and he just he simply
cannot tell the truth and yes it's
getting old but thank goodness people
are still speaking up and trying to you
know speak out against
but boy is he in trouble if he goes in
front of Mahler Dottie the the saddest
and most frightening think to me when
Trump is at these rallies is actually
not Trump himself it's it it's the
people you know there was an interesting
stable are excited to meet the president
a night well it's not just it yes
excited is a nice work but the rigor
with which they accept his information
was a CBS News had an amazing poll that
was stunning that if people define
themselves as strong Trump supporters
ninety percent of people who get to say
their information I get from Trump they
believe is accurate right where sixty
percent they get from their friends or
family they believe is accurate and ten
percent for the meal let's think about
again those people in that audience
because we'd have to describe those
strong Trump supporters if their friend
or family member told them something
they're less likely to believe it then
that goofball up there when crazy uncle
doni and going back to the two
governments that David brought up we now
we have crazy uncle doni there's a
government that exists and we now have
this figure that we continue to have
completely unaccountable to even his own
staff it doesn't and there's no
repercussion so we will talk this day
today and say dan coates and Chris Rea
and and John Bolton came out and said
this is a fact it was a fact it is a
fact and then hit their boss gets up on
stage and says it's not so we've got
crazy uncle doni talking to his base
that stunningly regardless of what he
says will continue to go but but the
voters will speak in November they were
33 34 percent yes a lot of them vote in
the primary but there will be a wave the
likes of which we've never seen before
so my take is this it's blunt fair to
say but I've been there before and I did
it when it wasn't cool to do I'm gonna
do it again he's not well that's the
bottom line
there's no way anyone who knows Donald
Trump but it's not bought out bought in
in some way could watch him last night
and not come away with a feeling that
the President of the United States is
completely unhinged and getting worse by
the day perhaps the stress is really
squeezing in on him it's interesting
that a former reality TV star and
colleague of Trump is releasing a book
with the title on
hinged and this is a woman who knew him
during his reality show days very well
and then went with him to the White
House and in it she describes a reaction
to a man that she had known for over a
decade who is in the state of mental
decline it's a concern that we voiced on
this show during the campaign and over
the last two multimers
try and find someone who's not
politically invested or too fearful of
Donald Trump or the Republican Party who
knew the men a decade ago who will tell
you that this mental state has not
deteriorated radically over the past few
years or changed or come out in some way
it is transforming what we're watching
you will not find that person from
Donald Trump's past if they're telling
you the truth
we were told of his unfitness for office
by those closest to him on the campaign
and we saw it ourselves up close in the
December 2015 interview in which he
first pledged his fealty to flatter
Makuta now let me tell you you can pull
that interview up and it's a little
embarrassing but I will say you can see
in our faces in real-time us kind of
going from jovial and fun to sitting up
and listening to him and realizing this
guy's not right and this is this is bad
what's happening here and we showed you
this person throughout the campaign and
we pointed out those issues you listened
to him talk about Russia during the
campaign on this show we were told
repeatedly that it was somehow out of
balance to comment on the candidates
declining mental state and yes I'm not a
doctor but I know what I see and we know
Donald Trump we also know what campaign
staffers told us two years ago and I
know that the dangerous blustering bigot
on the stage last night is even more
boorish and less connected to reality
than he was ten years ago
Donald Trump it's not well and everyone
close to him says it they're all scared
of what he's going to say or tweet next
his Republican dupes know it and yet no
one
seemingly we'll do anything about it not
the people who can same as it ever was
but much more precarious right now for
the media the press far more dangerous
for our democracy I think I just want to
jump on that for a second interesting
because that popped back in my head last
night also and I a few months ago
watched a an hour-long interview I did
with him in 2007 his cadence his eyes he
was a different guy and I would ask
everybody to go and look at some old
interviews with Donald Trump he's not
just younger his entire mannerisms his
entire way of speaking it was different
so I'm glad you brought that up because
it's easy we all kick that around for a
long period and then it became yours but
yeah the one he is I'm so glad you
brought that up because that is an
ongoing I think at this point all mostly
given when you watch this man's behavior
all right well that is where we're at
got a sense from everybody state of mind
watching that rally last night and with
that we go to thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
