the social council team got to the core
of its case against former Trump
campaign chair Paul Manafort today
prosecutors have been laying out the
millions upon millions of dollars in
foreign funds that metaphores spent on
his lavish lifestyle but late today they
started to zero in on how man afford hid
his accounts overseas and how he
allegedly defrauded the government mana
Ford's former bookkeeper told the court
he had trouble paying his bills while
working for the Trump campaign for free
and for the first time the prosecution
showed that mana port submitted false
financial statements to obtain a home
loan with us for more Barbara McQuade
former US Attorney for the Eastern
District of Michigan she was in the
courtroom for today's proceedings
Barbara what stood out for you and give
us the same note that you gave us
privately about what we're not paying
enough attention to yeah well one of the
things that I think is concerns me a
little bit is that the judge in an
effort to move things along quickly
which you know most people do appreciate
and out of concern that some of the
evidence of Paul metaphores lavish
lifestyle might cause resentment among
the jury is limiting the amount of
evidence that the prosecution is being
allowed to present in court and it
concerns me that the jury may have
difficulty understanding the
significance of some of the things that
are coming in you know there's a lot of
documents here today we had the
bookkeeper testifying about a lot of
documents and the judge does not allow
the prosecution to publish the documents
to the jury so that they can see it in
real time he says they can read those
things later and same thing with
photographs of some of the lavish luxury
items that Paul Manafort bought you know
things like luxury cars and custom suits
and real estate and things like that and
the problem is that if the the this
rulings result in an acquittal the
government has no recourse the
government does not get to appeal an
acquittal because of the double jeopardy
clause in the Constitution so that's one
thing that that I see underlying the
case but nonetheless they're persisting
and the evidence is coming in and is
very strong to demonstrate the tax
as well as the bank fraud one thing I've
heard you say since the trial was
underway and really at the time that the
indictments were unsealed is that this
is a paper case that so much damning
evidence was included in in the in in
what we already have seen what is the
importance of the bookkeepers testimony
to understanding the the the alleged
corruption with which metaphor went
about hiding money and and and violating
these laws here the bookkeepers
testimony you know maybe even a little
bit tedious it lasted for a couple of
hours it was about a lot of sort of dry
financial transactions but it was really
important one she was able to tie income
from Paul Manafort to these shell
companies that he had offshore with
these bank accounts in Cyprus really
important part of the case she talked
about the forgiveness of a loan for 1.5
million dollars that should be treated
as income I think we're going to learn
later that's on undeclared income she
also talked about some how in 2016 in
Paul Manafort became essentially broke
after living this incredibly lavish
lifestyle and having millions and
millions of dollars suddenly he's broke
because his business and Ukraine's dried
up which provides motivation for the
bank frauds and she also testified about
some fraudulent documents that were used
to obtain loans during this time when he
was desperate for cash one piece of it
that's not going to come out in this
case but that is really intriguing and
could come out in the later trial in the
fall is it's during this time that Paul
Manafort is broke and desperate for cash
that he goes to work for the Trump
campaign for free and so that raises I
think some interesting questions about
what his motive might have been there
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
