well how can special prosecutor Robert
Muller in his staff possibly keep up
with all of the suspicious developments
in the Trump relationship to Russia and
Vladimir Putin and the Friends of
Vladimir Putin consider just this item
from the New York Times tonight this
week the Trump administration further
eased its pressure on rusul Russia's
largest aluminum company less than four
months after sanctions on it and its
notorious leader were imposed even as
the White House seems willing to inflict
pain on American farmers and consumers
with its trade wars Russian aluminum
workers are apparently worthy of special
protection and that is special
protection from Donald Trump Rousseau is
controlled by Vladimir Putin's friend
Oleg Deripaska who as The Times points
out quote has been investigated for
money laundering and accused of
threatening the lives of business rivals
illegally wiretapping a government
official and taking part in extortion
and racketeering and there are
allegations that he also quote ordered
the murder of a businessman and have
links to a Russian organized crime group
during the presidential campaign Paul
Manafort was very friendly with Oleg
Deripaska or at least tried to be he
offered him private briefings about the
presidential campaign now if Paul
Manafort
is convicted in his current trial or in
his next trial he might then be willing
to make a deal with Robert Mahler and
tell him everything he knows about Oleg
Deripaska and many other things which
could then reveal why Donald Trump gave
Oleg Deripaska and his Russian aluminum
company a very sweet deal this week and
that's just this week's highlight in the
further mysteries of the Trump Russia
relationship why did Deripaska get that
deal and get it this week was it
something vitamin Putin asked for in his
one-on-one meeting with Donald Trump was
it the kind of favor Vladimir Putin was
betting he would be able to get
from a President Donald Trump and is
that one of the many reasons why
Vladimir Putin attacked the American
election went to war on American
democracy to help Donald Trump win the
presidency did you want President Trump
to win the election and did you direct
any of your officials to help him do
that yes because he talked about
bringing the us-russia relationship back
to normal
how can robert muller and his team
possibly keep up with the suspicious
activity that Donald Trump continues to
engage in with Vladimir Putin and
Russian businessmen how could they
possibly ask all of the right questions
of Donald Trump if Donald Trump agreed
to be interviewed by the special
prosecutor and his team where did
Giuliani continued to play the public
game today about the president being
interviewed by the special prosecutor
claiming that they will decide whether
the president will grant that interview
within quote a week to ten days really
Giuliani is the very same person who
said the entire case whole thing would
be wrapped up within two weeks after he
joined the Trump defense team on April
19th Rudy Giuliani told Politico today
that the Trump team wants to rule out of
bounds about half of what Robert Mahler
wants to discuss with the president
quote we don't want questioning on
obstruction they would have to concede
that so according to the Giuliani rules
of the interview Robert baller would not
be allowed to ask President Trump what
he said to James Comey about the FBI
investigation of Michael Flynn James
Comey says that the president told him I
hope you can see your way clear to
letting this go to letting Flynn go he's
a good guy I hope you can let this go
Giuliani says that the only area of
inquiry that the Trump team would
consider allowing is how Donald Trump
and his campaign interacted with
Russians during the presidential
campaign and a week after reports the
Trump's former personal lawyer Michael
Cohen is willing to testify that Donald
Trump knew about the meeting in Trump
Tower with Russians during the campaign
before it occur
NBC News is reporting today that the
special prosecutor now wants to
interview someone who helped arrange
that meeting NBC News reports that the
special prosecutor has requested an
interview with Ayman al Arif the russian
pop star who sent emails to Donald Trump
jr. to arrange that meeting in Trump
Tower Ayman al ahrefs American wire
Scott balbirr told NBC News
conversations are ongoing about a
potential interview and that it is quote
unclear how this will play out which as
of tonight could serve as the headline
for the status of everything still under
investigation by the special prosecutor
unclear how this will play out
leading off our discussion now Gerry
spans former federal prosecutor she's a
professor at the University of Alabama
School of Law and MSNBC contributor Maya
Wiley former counsel to the mayor of New
York City and Eugene Robinson associate
editor and Pulitzer prize-winning
opinion writer for The Washington Post
he's an MSNBC political analyst and my
euro federal former federal prosecutor
also what do you make of the the
Giuliani conditions for the interview
well in fairness I was in the Civil
Division of the US Attorney's Office I
will say that unfortunately Giuliani has
become someone whose career is not going
to be looking at it quite the same light
as it was before this because he really
had a storied career and what we're
seeing is just this complete
disintegration of what was a credible
lawyer into someone who's lost all
credibility and while I've never agreed
with Rudy Giuliani up any issues
including when he was mayor of New York
City I have to say I'm completely
shocked about his behavior as a lawyer
and Joyce it seems that the the Giuliani
proposition if true and we let me just I
should have prefaced all this with we we
have no idea what the truth is here the
mahler investigation has not leaked a
word not a document nothing so if we are
to believe that there has been
communication about this recently from
the Mahler team to the Giuliani team
we have to believe Rudy Giuliani's
account of that which is an extremely
difficult thing to do but let's do it
for the sake of this discussion but the
truth is we have no idea what
communication has been going on but if
the Giuliani conditions are what's being
communicated to Mahler is there any way
for Mahler to accept those conditions it
really depends on what Muller thinks he
needs out of this interview and of
course we don't know all of the cards
that he's holding right now but one
thing prosecutors don't do when they
need an interview with a witness they
don't negotiate because they have the
subpoena power and it's abundantly clear
at least in my judgment that they don't
plan on indicted the president because
they're seeking this interview according
to Giuliani and the president's lawyers
they've already said he's a subject not
a target
so if Muller needs information that
Giuliani and the other lawyers aren't
willing to cede them the authority to
ask they'll simply issue a subpoena for
the president and then let that run its
way through the court process how long
would that take through the court
process you know that's a really good
question it would depend on which grand
jury they used they could either go
through DC or through Virginia which
would be the Fourth Circuit even if
those were treated as emergency appeals
it would still stretch on for some time
you would have to have briefing in the
court of appeals then it would likely go
up to the United States Supreme Court
they could either decide it or return it
in part to the lower court so we could
be looking at a process that would
stretch out over months and Gene
Robinson that's one of the reasons why
Republicans are racing as fast as they
can to confirm the next Supreme Court
justice is that is the route that Joyce
just described but the Giuliani game of
he he really he wants to testify
there are times reporting last night is
if it was breaking news that there are
people in the White House who tell the
New York Times that the president really
wants to talk to the special prosecutor
but it's his lawyers who are reluctant
there's there's absolutely no way to
back that up we have no idea what
Donald Trump actually wants to talk to
them it wants to start to Muller or not
all the indicators are that he's
desperately afraid of talking tomorrow
yeah if he's not it is true that Donald
Trump does appear to believe he can talk
his way out of anything it just by lying
basically and that would be a really
really bad strategy to take into a
meeting with the prosecutors and that
surely is what his lawyers are worried
about so I do believe that his lawyers
don't want him to go in there and and
talk and as to whether he won't really
wants to do what it really doesn't want
to do it who knows it could depend on
the day but as you said at the beginning
if we're taking Rudy Giuliani's word for
this we are really out on a very slender
limb it's it's it's frankly hard to talk
about what Rudy says because we know
that a lot of it and I think the
technical term for it is is is total
crap they just say you just it's just
not true well let's listen to the way
the president's allies are talking about
this possible interview publicly let's
listen the way Newt Gingrich describes
the situation I think the president is
very unwise to walk into a perjury trap
against a group of smart guys who have
spent a year's time getting ready to try
to kill him and I think he is not no one
is smart enough to take on all of
Muller's team and of course Maya there
is no such thing as a perjury trap there
are only that all you have in perjury is
someone who didn't tell the truth under
oath in other words nucleus is saying it
would be very unwise for the president
to take an oath but but but in that
you're seeing a communication to the
president's supporters out there to the
president's base saying this is an
unfair process it's a trap and it would
be the wise course for the president is
to avoid this kind of sleazy lawyer trap
you know and there's there's the truth
of it which is it would be extremely
ill-advised for the president
- mulher anybody who is his attorney
would say don't do it because it's not
that it's a perjury trap it's because he
has a lot to be concerned about in terms
of the questions he will get he's
already got inconsistent statements in
the public purview there's no way you
can walk into an interview with a
prosecutor with inconsistent statements
including some things that could easily
and in my view would be an admission of
guilt particularly on an obstruction
charge which is why they don't want
obstruction as part of the interview
that part I believe if there's an
interview they won't they don't want any
conversation about obstruction
I think it actually points to something
that I think I will disagree with Joyce
on it's one thing to say he's a subject
that Donald Trump is a subject of an
investigation subjects can become
targets and the fact that they have said
he's a subject doesn't mean he can't
become a target which is the very reason
why they don't want him to testify and I
think you're absolutely right this
entire political strategy not legal
strategy but political strategy has been
to convince the Trump base that there is
nothing they should be concerned about
in terms of Trump's behavior and here's
the question I would ask anyone without
regard to political affiliation if you
have nothing to hide you cooperate this
is not cooperation yeah and and Joyce -
that issue of subject versus Tiger it's
a long time ago that we got this
information that he was that they were
told he was a subject I think I might it
was last year and so there's been plenty
of time for that to have shifted that's
true and as Maya says many of us have
sort of contemplated could there be such
a significant quantum of evidence
against the president at some point that
he would become a target but DOJ has a
long-standing policy for reasons that
folks have debated whether they're still
viable or not but it concludes the
sitting president cannot be indicted
there are many people who believe that
Muller will not buck that precedent
particularly since he brought with him
from the Solicitor General's off
as an appellate lawyer Michael Dreeben
who's known for his institutionalist
views and so that the consensus seems to
be among many people that Muller would
be far more likely to include all of
this evidence in a report that would go
up on the hill that would form the body
potentially of an impeachment proceeding
if the folks on the hill at that point
in time were to decide to go that
direction rather than making the
president the target of an investigation
and ultimately an indictment
oh so Jase when you're using the word
target you just mean in in direct
relationship to the other word
indictment yeah exactly and I should say
Lauren that's a term of art within the
Department of Justice yeah the subject
or a target but but he is in effect Gene
Robinson a target for impeachment in
only in the outcome of this
investigation especially on the question
of obstruction of justice the only
person who could obstruct justice in
this story is Donald Trump and certainly
the only person who's done it repeatedly
and in public to say nothing of what he
might have done in private that we don't
know about
I guess one question I would have about
this whole stage of the investigation is
whether the president could in fact be
named if there is a just a conspiracy
alleged in the final analysis by by moer
if he could be named as an unindicted
co-conspirator as Richard Nixon was many
years ago is that a possibility that
it's a choice or Miya Miya what do you
think I you know I think to Joyce's
point which is an important one this
really does depend on how the Department
of Justice looks at this institutionally
we already have a Congress that's going
after rod Rosenstein for each meant
literally for acquitting his
responsibility to the United States of
America it's very hard to know but I
actually think and
one of the folks that thinks that it
also depends what the court of public
opinion says if there is sufficient
evidence that becomes public that Donald
Trump committed crimes beyond
obstruction of justice which I think is
already in the public record that there
could be a reckoning that creates even
potentially constitutional crisis but
certainly unindicted co-conspirator I
would think would be a possibility if
there is sufficient direct evidence
joyce vance last word on unindicted
co-conspirator I think it's likely that
we will see the President as an
unindicted co-conspirator and what that
means is he won't be named he won't be
indicted and Justice Department policy
is not to include the name of a target
that you don't indict in a case so
that's why his name won't be used as
much as we saw in molars most recent
indictment where people quickly realized
that Roger stone was the person
referenced in a series of conversations
we might see the president in a cameo
appearance like that in a subsequent
Muller indictment Joyce Vance my Wylie
gene robinson thank you for starting us
off tonight really appreciate it thanks
for checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
