Ivanka Trump publicly proved today that
she is the only White House staffer who
knows she cannot be fired she did that
by saying two things that no one else in
the White House would dare to say on the
same day that the White House press
secretary disgraceful II ran around in
angry verbal circles refusing to say
that the news media is not the enemy of
the people Ivanka Trump said this no I
do not feel that the media is the enemy
of the people
looks easy one of Anka Trump does it but
the White House press secretary wouldn't
dare say anything like that today she
wouldn't dare disagree with the
president who says that the news media
is the enemy of the people
Ivanka Trump also said this today I am
very vehement Lee against family
separation and the separation of parents
and children very vehemently not
vehemently enough to resign from her job
working for a president who would do
such a thing
not vehemently enough to actually go to
the southern border when her father was
ripping those children away from their
parents and witness it all up close and
report back to him on what his cruelty
actually looks like not vehemently
enough to visit the children in their
cages in Texas not violently enough to
try to find the infant babies when no
one knew where they were infant babies
that were in her father's custody she
didn't feel it vehemently enough to go
down there and see how the girls were
being treated to make sure that the boys
and the girls were safe from abuse she
did not feel vehement Lee enough about
it to sit in a federal courtroom in
McAllen Texas and watch an immigration
judge
treat spanish-speaking three-year-olds
with no lawyers as adults and bring her
eye witness experience of that legal
atrocity back to her father to get him
to stop his unspeakable cruelty
to those children Ivanka Trump was not
so vehemently opposed to children being
ripped out of the arms of their mothers
that she actually did anything about it
Ivanka Trump added this personal note
today I am a daughter of an immigrant my
mother grew up in communist Czech
Republic but we are a country of laws so
you know she came to this country
legally and what if she didn't
what if Ivanka Trump's mother Donald
Trump's first wife violated immigration
laws of multiple countries including the
United States on her way to becoming the
first mrs. Trump and the mother of a
daughter who feels so vehemently opposed
to ripping children out of their
mother's arms at the border that she did
absolutely nothing about it
immigration reporter or abogado noticed
that comment this morning by Ivanka
Trump about her mother and raised a
series of important questions about
Ivanka Trump's mother's manipulation and
violation of immigration law to get into
the United States and it's an easy story
to tell because the first mrs. Trump
told the story herself in her book that
she published just last year or abogado
posted the pages of Ivana Trump's book
in which he explains that when she was
22 she married an Austrian skier named
Alfred Winkle Mayer just to get an
Austrian passport and in her book Ivana
Trump said the marriage wouldn't be real
it was only for me to get the necessary
papers that is a classic fraudulent
marriage according to immigration law
but that marriage got Ivanka Trump's
mother an Austrian passport and she used
that Austrian passport to travel to
Canada where she lived before finally
moving to the United States to marry
Donald Trump and while she was still
living in Montreal
she made the two-hour drive down to Jay
peak in Vermont because she liked the
skiing there so much and in her book she
said the snow is dry here and much
lighter than in France or Italy the
powder was so light I could ski circles
around the Americans in no time I became
a ski instructor at J peak and taught
kids how to race in other words in no
time
Ivanka Trump's mother became the kind of
criminal that Donald Trump's immigration
and customs and enforcement agents are
now rounding up in workplaces around
America and deporting she was illegally
working as a ski instructor in the
United States while living in Montreal
on an Austrian passport now to any
fair-minded person what the first mrs.
Trump did to get out of her home country
and make it to the United States was
completely understandable
the fake marriage the works or abogado
put it this way after telling me Ivana
Trump story on Twitter today people do
what they can to get to the US they fake
marriages they cross borders they get by
on unauthorized labour they have
children which are pejoratively called
anchor babies was Ivanka Trump an anchor
baby what is an anchor baby or her
brothers anchor babies their mother was
not a citizen of the United States when
they were born the first mrs. Trump did
not become a citizen until 11 years
after her marriage to Donald Trump
Ivanka Trump's mother told her story
about getting into the United States in
a book written last year with her
daughter working in a White House that
was trying to deport people like her
mother when her mother was working as a
at a ski resort in Vermont and the first
mrs. Trump told that story innocently
and openly just last year because she
trusted that we would all understand and
accept everything that she did including
every violation of law from
Czechoslovakian law to Austrian law to
Canadian law to American law to
find a better life for herself in this
country and that is a truly American
story it was then and it still is now
Ivanka Trump owes her very existence to
her mother's dream for a better life in
America and now Ivanka Trump and her
father are trying to crush that dream
for anyone who comes to this country the
way Ivanka Trump's mother did thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
