brand-new reporting tonight on Trump
fixer Michael Cohen and the vast amount
of money he charged in consulting fees
since the election in addition the 1.2
million dollars he got from Novartis the
600 thousand from 18t half a million
from the Russian oligarch connected
investment firm Columbus Nova and the
hundred and fifty grand from a South
Korean aerospace company Michael Cohen
apparently get this negotiated a ten
million dollar deal just before his
office was raided by the feds this year
to help a real estate mogul get public
money to build some nuclear power plants
Wall Street Journal breaking news
tonight that Franklin Haney who donated
by the way a million dollars to Trump's
inauguration committee just because has
club membership of mar-a-lago cuz he
likes playing there I guess and
reportedly boasted about his dinners
with President Trump last year also
according to The Wall Street Journal
agreed to pay 10 million to the
president's then personal attorney
Michael Cohen if he successfully helped
obtain funding for a nuclear power
project including is my favorite part a
five billion dollar loan from the US
government according to people familiar
with the matter joining me now is one of
Wall Street Journal reporters who broke
that story tonight Michael Rothfeld wow
there's a lot going on here one thing
that strikes me is this says to me I
thought we might knew all the gigs of
like the Michael Kohn influence side
gigs but I guess we didn't know no we
didn't know all of them and and there
may yet be more this is one that we we
had reported before that Cowan had
arranged a meeting for Haney with the
Qataris to try to get an investment for
this nuclear power plant he's trying to
open in Alabama but we didn't know
exactly the terms of the agreement so
today we reported that as you said he
Cohen was promised ten million dollars
if he could help get funding for this
power plan including this five billion
dollar loan and just you know an
astounding number both on both counts
from the Department of Energy so there's
a few things here that are super
striking and I should take time to read
what I think is kind of a non-denial
denial from Haney's attorney as is
neither mr. Haney nor nuclear
development LLC ever entered into a
contract Michael coners affiliate for
lobbying services
related to the Belafonte project that's
the project we should note that that's a
specific technical meaning right you got
a register to be a lobby is right you
could enter into a consulting contract
right and that's most likely what this
contract says is consulting or strategic
advice except that we have reported that
federal prosecutors in New York are
looking at whether Michael Cohen engaged
in illegal lobbying they've contacted
some of his other consulting clients
such as AT&T and Novartis to talk to
them about the deals they had with Cohen
and we reported today that Cohen in fact
had called the Energy Department several
people there to ask about this nuclear
power project and to see if it could the
process could be speeded up so you can't
do that well I'm not a prosecutor but
that is can't do that I mean you mean
you can look there's a whole universe of
people in Washington who consult and
don't lobby right but there's certain
lines like to get away with the I'm a
consultant not a lobbyist like calling
up the Energy Department puts you in a
tough spot when you have to explain that
behavior yeah that could be a problem
potentially there's also am I wrong that
it's a crazy amount of money it's a lot
of money ten million dollars and we
spoke to a number of experts who said
both that success fees are very unusual
a while legally it's not certain that
it's illegal but gray area it's a gray
area and ten million dollars is unheard
of is what we reported unheard of 10
million unheard of a successfully
government action 10 million dollars you
know the success he's left out to me as
someone who used to be a reporter in
Washington and did a lot of reporting on
influence I never heard of a success fee
right because you know it's one thing if
I mean look it there's a continuum here
right but it's one thing if you say I'm
paying you to go help me work over these
people but you think I'm gonna give you
the money if you're successful it at
least looks a lot more like a bribe
yeah the problem is it lends itself to
corruption and the old days court said
you know that that should not happen but
now that lobbying is much more
entrenched you know it's it's as you
said more of a gray area it's also
fasting because there's this reporting
about the he he keeps intersecting with
guitar is right there's his reporting
back that during the transition
he's hitting up the guitar he's being
like hey hook hook me up I'll get some
money we'll go 50/50 on some projects
and the Katara's are a little freaked
out but the you got a meeting with the
guitarist yes
again yeah I mean Cohen was very
successful in selling himself to a lot
of people I mean we have reported
earlier this year he said look I'm the
guy fire all your other people I'm the
guy with the closest relationship to the
president so hire me but in fact you
know it seems he produced very little
for any of his clients last question we
think there was a monthly retainer along
with the success view right he's not
doing it for free on contingency right
yes we reported that the contract has
them we don't know the amount of that
but some of his retainers were in you
know $50,000 a month range by a lot of
suits at that money Michael Roth felt
great reporting thanks for being here
tonight
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
