day three of Trump campaign chief
criminal child to trial I'm sorry today
Paul man affords bookkeeper testifying
for hours including that Mehta fort was
struggling to pay his bills in 2016 as
he worked for Trump for free and
Muller's team fighting today to show
jurors more evidence of the lavish
lifestyle that Manta fort was trying to
keep up more pictures like this I'm
gonna show to you these of metaphor
suits including a fifteen thousand
dollar ostrich jacket I just didn't know
that was a thing I like clothes and this
an eighteen and a half thousand dollar
Python coat jurors have seen a few
photos but not many prosecutors want to
show them things like Manta Ford's
closet his pool house and a flower bed
in the shape of an M at his house and
the Hamptons but the judge is actually
pushing back saying it quote besmirches
the defendant and would engender some
resentment against rich people they
certainly do make an impression
that's right he had a coat made from an
ostrich which explains the state's first
witness and is the man who did this to
you in the courtroom can you point him
out
I with me now Tim O'Brien executive
editor of Bloomberg view and author of
Trump nation and franklin foer who's
covered mana Ford extensively for the
Atlantic his latest piece is quote a
hell of a performance by Paul Manafort
about how he's acting in court Frank let
me just start with you because you
called Manta Ford's demeanor and and the
way he's been acting
prior to the trial got him into hot
water it's why he ended up in jail
because there's there are some basic
simple rules you should follow if you
are under federal investigation and
about to be tried by the federal
government and he just didn't bother
with any of them so the idea that this
truck of this trial is off to a somewhat
unusual start shouldn't be a surprise to
anyone no of course not I mean the trial
the evidence against Paul Manafort
is pretty crystal clear and you see this
in witness after witness be able to
describe this Rube Goldberg contraption
of finances that he set up that involved
extensive laundering of money from
Cyprus but Paul Manafort himself is an
image maker and he understands he's got
12 people sitting in a jury box and he's
got to put on somewhat of a show for
them and so the image that he's
projecting to that to them as he flashes
them smiles and as he poses at the
defense table is an image of
self-confidence and so he's posing like
one of the senators that he advised
before so there's this dissonance
between what jurors are hearing on the
stand from all these other witnesses
which is very damning and what metaphor
presents himself I do kind of love that
Moxie I'll show you some pictures Tim of
a metaphor it's a Hamptons home and a
description of what the landscaper
described in court that he maintained
14-foot hedges lawns a waterfall flower
line tennis courts a bed of hundreds of
hundreds of white flowers and another
which had red flowers in the shape of
the letter M some danger that the the
prosecution here might overplay its hand
and the idea that he's rich but the to
Franklin's point it is a Rube Goldberg
of a financial thing and and jurors
don't respond well to that as we
remember from Enron right what was that
M carved out for was it man afford or
money laundering or must make more money
it you know that's the odd thing that
armor
in this testimony today is that you know
he loses around six hundred thousand
million six hundred thousand dollars in
2015 he loses over a million in 2016 yet
he's continuing to spend right like King
Midas right and you get the sense like
you do about many of the people that
tried to hitch their wagons to Trump
star in 2016 that they were they saw him
as a profit Center there was I don't
think many of them thought he was gonna
elected president and they saw this as a
short-term way to make some money it
would seem that that's what Paul
Manafort was thinking I think the other
great thing about the case today is that
the bookkeeper testified and as a
journalist I always loved it when the
bookkeepers testify because you get a
fact pattern around money and the
bookkeepers based in Southern California
even though most of Manta Ford's
business operations are in New York
Virginia and Florida she's at a distance
she's not seeing the transactions that
are being presented during the trial why
isn't she even though she presents
prepares his taxes every year and on and
on the the bookkeepers testimony today
was very damning and Franklin book
creeper testifies that she didn't get
any information about the fact that he
had foreign accounts you know so the
whole thing's a little whack he's not
making money he's selling himself as an
influence peddler to some remarkably
rich people what in the end is the
narrative here that that we're looking
for jurors to take away I think one is
the sense of impunity with which Paul
Manafort operated that he was willing to
fabricate documents he was willing to
offer people jobs in exchange for loans
that he was desperate that he was in
such a tremendous hole despite having
this massive amount of money flowing to
him from Ukraine there were these memos
that he wrote to Viktor Yanukovych the
president of Ukraine where he's pleading
with him to pay him more money even
though he's paying him millions of
millions of dollars a year
Tim manna Fork was working that the
bookkeeper also pointed out working for
free for Donald Trump while not having
money nobody works for free right so
this becomes part of the argument to the
jury right but right wasn't working for
pay from Donald
but dot dot dot right selling influence
somewhere something something else was
happening because you can't support the
ostrich and the crocodile or Python
jackets while working for free when
you're heavily in debt that's right and
and some of the court documents that
have come out so far I think he
processed around seventy five million
dollars through the business in a
relatively short period of time around
sixty of that accrued to him personally
so here's somebody who has sixty million
coming into his accounts and is still
going into hock I think he was somebody
who was very very desperate so it's not
that they that the prosecution is trying
to pick on the rich they're trying to
illustrate how does this rich guy who
doesn't have any money spend as much
money as he has where's the money coming
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
