afternoon in the White House briefing
room an extraordinary sight John Bowlby
dan coats
Christopher Rea Paul Nakasone II and
Kirsten Nielsen now one reading of that
picture you're looking at the front line
of defense in America's election
infrastructure and in fact of the
democratic process itself or on another
reading if you're looking at a
five-person janitorial crew carrying
their mocks with mops and brooms trying
to clean up the lingering toxic spill
that was Donald Trump's disastrous news
conference in Helsinki with Vladimir
Putin but no matter how you see them the
message they delivered today was
important and in some ways welcome for
its candor that Russia still poses a
serious threat to American democracy and
to the upcoming midterm elections and
that this administration is committed to
stopping it just listen to this warning
from FBI director Chris Rhea and
Director of National Intelligence dan
coates our focus here today is simply to
tell the American people we acknowledge
the threat it is real it is continuing
and we're doing everything we can to
have a legitimate election that the
American people can have trust in Russia
attempted to interfere with the last
election and continues to engage in
malign influence operations to this day
they stepped up their game big time in
2016 our adversaries are trying to
undermine our country on a persistent
and regular basis whether it's election
season or not we continue to see a
pervasive messaging messaging campaign
by Russia to try to weaken and divide
the United States the reality is it's
going to take all of us working together
to hold the field because this threat is
not going away that was that so hard if
you can imagine a president who said
exactly the same words what is satisfied
an awful lot of people but of course he
hasn't a reminder here's what Donald
Trump has said what he did say when he
appeared side-by-side with Putin my
people came to me dan coates came to me
and some others they said they think
it's Russia
I have President Putin he just said it's
not Russia I will say this I don't see
any reason why it would be
but I really do want to see the server
but I have I have confidence in both
parties now you'll remember this cleanup
effort today was not the first cleanup
effort the first cleanup effort was
Trump's cleanup effort he cleaned that
one up or tried to clean it up and then
he walked back to clean up and then he
tried to clean it up again he walked
that back in a lot of cleanup Salah
walking back but no really where he
stands but as far as his actions go not
just his words here's all we've seen one
meeting of his National Security Council
that lasted less than an hour in which
Trump delivered no orders to repeal
Russian interference with us from the
White House NBC's chief White House
correspondent Hallie Jackson and joining
me at the table bill Rucker White House
bureau chief for The Washington Post
love Phil Clinton watts former FBI
special agent and now a senior fellow
with the Foreign Policy Research
Institute and New York Times political
correspondent and reporter the one and
only Nicholas compo sorry guys great to
see you here
Hallie I called on you you were on the
phone you're reporting I like said your
name and I looked up and there you were
on the phone doing go to somebody else
for one second no I'm only because
gentlemen it's you and Nicole and I want
to make sure we're getting hot fresh
scoops right out the cash so give it to
us yeah so here's the dough so the
question right is how did this come
about because you'd that five bucks to
use a TV term that you showed at the top
of the show is striking it is remarkable
as my colleague Peter Alexander said
earlier today in his six years covering
this building he hasn't seen anything
like that before this what you could
only call a show of force and I will
tell you that when the five of them
stepped through the briefing room doors
just behind me here people sat up real
straight in the chairs in the briefing
room because again this is significant
this is a moment when the White House
clearly wants to come out and get on
offense so my conversation is why today
what's going on today with this and I
will tell you that this seems to be
something that the White House had
happened from and I'm still working on
some of the source reporting on this
that this was something that these folks
wanted to be able to share publicly here
I can tell you for sure the White House
has been frustrated with the narrative
that has been out there that they are
not doing enough to fight election
interference to fight foreign actors
messing with our democracy the president
just
his first national security council
briefing on this last week it was only a
matter of days ago and so this is a way
in a sense to be able to combat that
right to come out and say look at
everything we're doing
you can't run headlines and say we're
not doing enough because look at these
five people but here's the thing John
there's a whole cottage industry of
distraction folks who say well you know
this was a distraction from exo this is
a distraction from Moeller I am not so
sure that was the case only because
there's a lot of fires that are
happening right now around this
administration the robert muller paul
madoff fork special counsel jeff
Sessions fire series is one of them
there's also the election interference
fire right big deal and I had multiple
conversations this week alone with top
folks over on the other side of
Pennsylvania Avenue on the hill in both
parties and one consistent theme that I
heard related to election interference
was leadership starts at the top I asked
point-blank somebody who do you talked
to at the White House who do you talk to
the administration they said nobody we
don't know we don't know who the point
person is we don't know what their
strategy is and this is somebody who is
at a high level over there so this
seemed to be a way of the White House
coming out to be able to say we got this
we are working on this but John if it
was a janitorial crew as you described
it which probably doesn't do justice to
the high level of folks that we saw in
the room here today to be fair there
were some more messes made frankly like
for example dan coats saying point blank
he is not in a position to fully
understand what happened and that summit
in Helsinki we were just at a couple of
weeks ago these are some very high-level
folks Phil I want to ask you I mean at
my building at least we have some very
high-level janitors too so like you can
be a high-level official and and and be
a janitor at least in the political
context I'm curious if you have a sense
of like why today why it's adapter there
been a lot lots gone since Helsinki but
today out of nowhere this extraordinary
tableau do you have a sense of why what
the timing tells us I think Hallie's
right about the frustration in the White
House I felt a - I've been over there
reporting earlier in the week they're
frustrated with this media narrative
that the president's not being tough on
Russia of course he's not being tough on
Russia because we all watched with our
own eyes what happened in Helsinki when
he stood next to Vladimir Putin but
there's also a real legitimate concern
that this is a serious danger that there
is a threat Claire McCaskill's emails
were hacked we know that or attempted to
be hacked
by Russians there's all sorts of other
examples of interference that might be
under way that the intelligence agencies
have been trying to ring the alarm bells
about on Capitol Hill and in their
public comments including coaxes
interview with with Andrea Mitchell a
week or two ago but they've not had this
sort of a platform but it's a classic
case of the administration being out of
step with the president because the
president hasn't said any of this so
Clint I want to ask you because this is
really your forte and right in your
wheelhouse
I watch this this this press conference
this this briefing and I saw a bunch of
people saying it's Russia the Russian
efforts to try to hack our democracy are
real they're still trying to do it maybe
not as much as they tried to do it in
2016 the efforts maybe a little bit less
than in 2016 and basically we got it
we're on it we're doing our best but
that's about the level of detail that we
got here so is your what's your takeaway
from this in terms of the substance of
what's actually going on and should we
actually take comfort from what we saw
or is this just look like window
dressing I think it's a first good sign
this is a press conference should it
happen in February of 2017 I mean the
whole attack is to undermine American
confidence and election systems and the
vote and democracy so they are doing
essentially what they've pledged to do
in their positions I am going to serve
out my role now the problem with this is
director ray said this is what's
happening in my agency and then they
sort of looted like well we'll kind of
coordinate amongst ourselves up here
this is not how you run a strategy to
counter Russian interference
it comes with a mandate it's the
president who's the leader it's the
national security staff that coordinates
it the NSA director basically said we
will launch a counter attack he sort of
put that on the table that's unheard of
in cyberspace
because we're more vulnerable than any
other country our world what if we do
that are the other parts of the
government prepared is Wall Street
prepared for a financial attack right is
our infrastructure ready this is a
really it seems like the parts know what
their missions are and what they should
be doing but no one at the top is really
putting them all right so I just
listened to an ally Jackson said it
listen to what Phil said listen what you
said all of them raised the fundamental
question right you're frustrated with
the narrative you actually want to solve
the problem you want to be able to
coordinate things you need to mandate
all of that it's really easy to solve
that problem you have the Prez of United
States take the bull by the horns and
go out and lead on this why is it that
these five people can get out and say
this stuff and Donald Trump still either
can't or won't that's the big question
the easiest thing to do if they want to
signal how serious they are about this
is do what any other president or
lawmaker or politician would do in their
place the president will come out to
that rostrum and he would say here's our
five-point plan for stopping Russian
interference in the election they didn't
do that and the only conclusion you can
draw is they can't do that because he
won't do that and I don't know why and
that's what the Russian investigation is
basically for you would think that at
this moment when the president is being
investigated on suspicions that he or
his people recruiting with Russia that
they would take pains to be aggressive
when it comes to the our own
intelligence agencies saying we're under
attack and yet even at this moment they
have chosen not to do that from the top
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
