welcome back tonight and meet the
midterms if it's Thursday voters aren't
usually voting but they are today
because our friends in Tennessee have
decided to make Thursday primary day and
here's what we're watching first the
governor's race congresswoman Diane
black does not have an endorsement from
the president but she sure is running
like she does check out this ad only one
candidate helped write the Trump tax cut
Diane black and only one candidate voted
to build Trump's border wall Diane come
on up Diane black black is obviously
hoping tying herself to the president
does put her on top remember the current
governor's term limit mister Haslam
they're on the other race we're watching
today Republican congressman David ku
Stav is facing a challenge from the
right president Trump endorsed could
stop be a twitter which could keep him
safe when polls closed while the
Tennessee Center races in a blockbuster
today both Republican Marsha Blackburn
and Democrat Phil Bredesen should easily
win their primaries it is the big one
that we're watching in November and
Blackburn is set to become by the way
the first woman in Tennessee history to
win a Republican nomination for
statewide office and if black wins the
gubernatorial primary that I'd be making
to women making Tennessee history in the
same primary day hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
