joining me now is someone who knows
about knows a little bit about
questioning a president under
investigation so Eisenberg former deputy
independent counsel under Ken Starr so
welcome back thanks great to be here let
me just start simply with this it first
I went through we put together a little
timeline here we are on is in January's
when the times first reported and at
that time John Dowd Ty Cobb were the
lead counsel for the president that
they've been trying to negotiate some
form of an interview and parameters of
it we are now in August and it's always
like I'll gladly pay you a quarter
tomorrow if we continue these
negotiations today why well I think a
lot of people don't realize that if Bob
Muller goes into court to try to force
the President to issues a subpoena the
president's team challenges it and
Muller goes into court to enforce it it
is not at all a gimme that he wins this
is not exactly a situation like it was
in Watergate with us versus Nixon
because there you had both Cox &
Jaworski there were two separate tapes
cases they they had very narrow
subpoenas they knew exactly what tapes
they wanted and they already knew the
tapes existed and that there were
incriminatory conversations potentially
on them Muller is not in nearly as
strong of a legal position he may not
win if he goes in so it's a game of
chicken here it's it seems as if the
Trump folks don't want the bad PR of
looking like they're fighting a subpoena
and Muller knows like well if I go down
that road and I don't win then what so
is it a game of is that why these are
sort of why it feels like this is
dragging because nobody's afraid to say
no I think it's partly a game of chicken
but also the danger for president
Trump's team is that the longer it takes
since it's going to be difficult for
Muller anyway I think to win the longer
it takes Muller presumably is gathering
evidence all the time and he might be in
a much stronger position to go in at a
later time is their parameters look you
you had a you dealt with a president
that was trying to lay per set
parameters and what you know it's
actions in office versus actions out of
office I've always thought if Trump's
team tries to say hey you
not while he's president one so that was
the argument for not asking about the
obstruction part you could say well
that's his actions as president but
could would well her be on higher ground
if he said I'm trying to interview about
your actions before you were president
does that make his case of subpoena him
easier it makes this case easier of
prevailing against the claim of
executive privilege okay because you're
at the height of presidential powers
when you're dealing with presidential
communications there's a 1997 case from
the DC Circuit that's the controlling
law okay this says if you want to get
presidential communications and overcome
executive privilege claim it's got to be
very important evidence to you and you
basically you have to be able to say we
can't get this anywhere else and it's an
interview with the president fall under
that it's an interview with the
president does that fall under that in
your sense that's a presidential
communication in essence that you're
trying to get your hands off well no the
question is is mulher from from my
understanding of the questions he's
talking about what were you thinking
right when you'd win use you know sent
this to manda jeff Sessions what were
you thinking right when you said this to
Jim Comey that's presidential
communicate that would be communicate in
that sense even though it's a it's not
written down anywhere it's a it's a
thought in your head well it's a thought
it is but it's it's so it goes to the
heart of presidential decision-making
and it's also communications so muller
says then fine I'm not going to question
your instruction for now but I need to
know this answer about the Trump Tower
meaning and this answer about what Jared
Kushner did or this answer here in the
run-up at that point does this then does
does it make it that much harder for the
president's team to fight the subpoena
it makes it harder but in these
situations in these executive privilege
claims and counterclaims there are no
blanket assertions that you can't the
president can't make a blanket assertion
and and Muller can't say it can't make a
blanket assertion and say we demand we
need all of this just because we're
running an in real a criminal
investigation so he needs to say in each
instance this is why I need to find out
about the Trump Tower meeting and he's
in a much stronger position there
you know before the election on the
obstruction part does he really need the
president
I mean he's putting together a it looks
like they're widening it out with the
tweets connecting actions they have
testimony of potentially of Reince
Priebus and Don Magan of saying when
they briefed him for instance on
when did they when did the president
find out Michael Flynn was under
investigation things like that they have
all of this other evidence does he
actually need the president's just a
nice addition I think he needs the
president because I think he doesn't
have a very strong obstruction he does
okay in my view the idea that the firing
of Comey is an obstruction of justice
even if he fired him to protect himself
is not a correct explanation analysis of
the current law so I think he has a
unless he's got something else unless
he's got hush money
you know dangling pardons in exchange
for somebody not tell anything more than
just sentiment type of yes and I think
really that all goes back to it's not
directly on point but the Arthur
Andersen case which the Muller team
should know about because Andrew
Weissman was the prosecutor Supreme
Court 9 to nothing in that case rejected
Andrew Weissman's broad view of what
corrupt corrupt conduct is in the
context of an obstruction statute that's
an I know opinion interesting me ask you
this how would you go about getting this
interview what would would your seeing
what more try to put yourself inside
they try to help us sell house Muller
going about this would you be doing this
the same way they're doing it or would
you have a different strategy to get the
president to sit down with you if he
really wants them to sit down I think
he's doing the right thing because he's
he's waiting and he's gathering evidence
there's a longer he waits he actually
gets gets more evidence and also he's in
a position to say I've been very patient
with this president then he issues the
subpoena even if Trump ultimately wins
in court or delays things in court
no president likes to be saying I'm
defying a subpoena it doesn't look good
that's why when we subpoenaed finally
President Clinton he immediately said
okay I'll come talk but I need you to
withdraw that subpoena so it won't look
good but it is like ultimately is your
guest that if
do you think this happens you think the
president ultimately agrees to it you
think Muller ultimately has to
essentially threatened issue the
subpoena I don't think he'll ever talk
to Bob Muller and if I were his attorney
I would urge him not to talk to Bob
Muller particularly about obstruction
because it's a lot easier to prove that
you lied to a law enforcement officer
than to prove obstruction of justice all
right it's all Weisenberger giving us a
lot of wisdom today thank you sir
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
