President Trump is escalating his
efforts to bring China to the
negotiating table on a new trade deal
he's proposing to raise tariffs on
Chinese goods from the original 10% to
25% the tariffs would target 200 billion
dollars in Chinese goods this includes
aircraft parts diesel trucks medical
equipment and flat panel TV screens
China retaliated with sweeping tariffs
on a range of u.s. goods like soybeans
corn wheat tobacco and whiskey increased
cost of goods from tariffs could force
companies to cut costs which can lead to
layoffs tariffs and retaliation could
lead to a loss of more than 450,000 jobs
that's according to the trade
partnership the White House has already
approved 12 billion dollars in emergency
aid to farmers who are caught in the
trade war so what do Americans think of
these tariffs well a new NBC news/wall
Street Journal poll shows only 26%
believe that the tariffs will help the
United States joining us now is a former
US Trade Representative and former mayor
of Dallas Ron Kirk so good to see you
thank you for being with us
we just heard always good to be reading
sir we just heard from the Secretary of
Commerce Wilbur Ross on Fox Business on
this new potential hike the the
escalation of this with China let's
listen to what he said and and we can
discuss it on the other side well the
reason for the tariffs to begin with was
to try to convince the Chinese to modify
their behavior instead they've been
retaliating so the president now feels
that it's potentially time to put more
pressure on in order to modify their
behavior the secretary Kirk is this a
good way to do this I think we can agree
and you can agree from your time in as
the US Trade Representative there are
issues with the wait China behaves on
the world stage as it relates to trade
as it relates to the protection of
international intellectual property and
other matters but we now have ourselves
in a trade war with Mexico and Canada
and the United States that we weren't
looking for we do not ally and as you
know and and you correctly noted China's
behavior
the rules of the World Trade
Organization have been problematic for
some time but but it shouldn't go
unspoken that previous administrations
have engaged China on this when I was
privileged to serve as US Trade
Representative for President Obama we
sued China 10 times and successfully on
a number of these matters but one of the
reasons we were successful is we were
able to engage those allies that we are
now in a separate trade spat with from
Mexico and Canada and the European Union
to jointly come to the table and try to
encourage China to improve their
behavior and one reason we didn't just
go to sort of the blunt tool of tariffs
threats is that the cost is ultimately
borne by US consumers US businesses and
US workers and as we've seen in case
after case whether it was the tariff
zone still but a threatened tariffs
against a European Union it was American
businesses and farmers that have
screamed the loudest but in what
concerns us now is to get to the next
level of tariffs the president Trump has
threatened the overwhelming negative
impact of that will be on American
families and American consumers and the
government is I think coming up with 11
or 12 billion dollars in assistance
particularly for farmers but the US
Chamber of Commerce estimates that if
you take all the losses to Americans
we're looking at thirty nine billion
dollars without this new escalation to
China so how do you weigh that because
we've been out there talking to farmers
our reporters have been out there and
many of them are willing to stand by the
president for a little while there they
feel that there have been there's a lot
of unfairness in trade and they feel the
president's talking tough on their
behalf but a lot of these people live on
razor thin margins they do and again you
know Ally one of the reasons we didn't
just go to that because most countries
always respond against agriculture first
and look I think anytime we invite a
tariff war it ultimately is going to
hurt us but your average farmer is
frankly not Boeing or caterpillar
and and they can't sustain these
ridiculous retaliatory tariffs and loss
of market share beyond more than a few
months because then they're out of
business and so I think it is a very
blunt tool that might have give some
short-term effect but also I can't help
fund about this I can't imagine
President Obama having unilaterally said
oh we're gonna throw 12 billion dollars
to the auto industry without our
Republican friends and screw in and
Congress just screaming bloody murder
about what that would is doing to our
deficits and the fact is that this
president wants to be rewarded for
putting out a fire that he started and
there are simply more thoughtful ways to
try to engage with China and and
correctly get them to address their
behavior that was one of the principal
reasons we decided to become a part of
the trans-pacific partnership because it
would have extended the u.s. rules and
particularly for intellectual property
rights protection throughout Southeast
Asia and sort of bak China right but as
you know the president came and
immediately took that off the table
right as he subsequently did with the
proposed trade agreement with the
European Union and then now he reaches
the the brilliant observation that
perhaps we should have a tariff free
trade agreement with the European Union
which we were well on our way ago she
ate it yeah it is kind of remarkable
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
