federal prosecutors met today with
former lawyer Michael Cohen again which
adds 250 hours he spent with them
already and that apparently has donald
trump nervous the president going out of
his way to accuse Cohen of lying under
oath when he said Trump direct him to
pay stormy Daniels now this is actually
a telling attack cuz with other people
cooperating with the feds Trump has
distanced himself saying someone's a
coffee boy or he barely knows Paul mana
for but Trump thinks Cohen apparently
knows enough that the content of his
testimony must be discredited Trump also
suggesting the man that he credited as a
lawyer for over a decade is now a PR
person who only did small legal work now
Cohen did do PR for Trump but note that
his guilty plea wasn't about PR it was
about the legal work negotiating that
gag order contract for stormy Daniels
which Cohen paid for in coordination
with and direction of a candidate for
office which we know was Donald Trump
and he admitted he was the David used in
that contract and admitted he made the
payments did you know about the payments
later on I knew later on did they come
out of the campaign they didn't come out
of the campaign they came from me or
take another lawyer who does legal and
PR work for Trump admitting the same
thing that was money that was paid by by
his lawyer the president reimbursed that
over a period of several years
Doni go which is a friend of Michael
Cohen's an MSNBC contributor thanks for
being here thanks what happened to rudy
gia lining by the way where do you go
what do you mean he just disappeared you
mean why is he not on television nowhere
he just think i think they're using the
pre-election quiet period to keep Rudy
quiet oh it's good to see you you've
spoken to Michael Cohen and you've
spoken about this on air he's back with
the feds today what do you see is the
important part of this story
the important part of the story is is
that Donald Trump is frightened and
that's obvious you know there's
something that Donald Trump may have
forgotten about there's an actual audio
tape of him really telling Michael what
to do directing Michael but this is
Donald Trump the sky is not blue it's
green it's just there's no reality to
realness Michael is very clear and where
he is right now Michael wants to be on
the right side of history Michael is
doing everything he can to help the
Moller investigation
what is also an outright lie because I
dealt with Trump the Trump Organization
Michael for 10 years to business through
television
Michael was Donald's right-hand man sure
other than his three children and
probably more so than Eric was Eric was
much younger
there was never interaction I had with
Donald about anything where Michael was
not involved Michael was a costly area
he was his advisors look so to say he
was his PR man is an out-and-out lie
Donald understands that right now and I
don't do not know this but there's not
from Michaels for me he's in there
probably corroborating every serious
issue because Michael was there front
and center and so at this point Donald
needs to do every weekend to the
screener but it doesn't matter facts are
facts tapes or tapes and this is just
line number 4740 for the president well
it's good that you have a count off the
top of your head okay
The Washington Post does that I read The
Washington Post in this what happens did
Michael Cohen go to Prague for Trump no
I by the way he said no I have to
believe that I think it's been they've
looked at it every which way I am NOT
you know with Michael all the time but
what Michael has told me in everybody
else and it's now you you just went from
sounding like a TV guest to like you're
in a deposition I understand you know I
don't believe he did he says he hasn't I
have not you know let me let me put it
this way and I'm not giving you a hard
time I wouldn't I wish you'd do that
that's okay
do you think that Michael Cohen knows
things that relate to alleged collusion
yes yes III think that it would be hard
for Michael to be in the position he's
in and not understand you know I think
look Donald Trump knows what Michael
Kohn did where he was how I knew so
there that's why he's frightened so I
believe if there was collusion I think
Michael would know about it
he's spending a lot of time with Muller
and in a very cooperating way so I do
not know this from Michael but I would
be shocked if at the end of the day we
are not looking at both obstruction of
justice and coluan from 40 different
angles and I'm sure Michaels in a
position to help out if that's the case
which is interesting coming from you
given the the unique perch that you have
now as you know if you have nothing to
hide you shouldn't have a problem
talking to former federal prosecutor Dan
Goldman who's he
to help the Terra gait hey you know I'm
on the other side of this table here and
so among you have nothing all right
you're free to leave at any time I you
know I just I was nowhere near but if
you borrow that night trouble what
questions are on your mind Formica
Kohinoor or Donnie well I think there
are a lot of questions for Michael Cohen
and what's interesting is what we
learned today that it sounds like it was
the Southern District of New York
prosecutors who were meeting with
Michael Cohen and what seems to be
happening here is that Cohen is
splitting time he's spending a fair
amount of time with Bob Muller and going
through the collusion and maybe some of
the obstruction of justice and maybe
more because there's a lot that occurred
that Michael Cohen was involved with
after the election but then he's also
spending time with the Southern District
of New York which is not going to be
involved in the collusion aspect but may
very well be involved in exactly what
Donnie was talking about Michael's role
as sort of a consigliere for the Trump
Organization and you can bet that the
prosecutors in the Southern District are
downloading Michael Cohen about
everything that he knows about anything
related anything the nefarious related
to the Trump Organization and his
utility to both of those probes reduces
his jail time it will likely will he
does not yet have a cooperation
agreement although that could follow he
pled guilty just straight up to what the
crimes that he was charged with
including as you mentioned the stormy
Daniels and the Karen McDougal payments
but he is cooperating about all sorts of
other things he may ultimately have to
plead guilty to more crimes if he was
involved and more he may not but
regardless this cooperation this meeting
this providing evidence will be helpful
to reduce his sentence regardless of
whether he gets an agreement or not
another question just about a Michael
state of mind not necessary what he
knows is he's publicly now embraced the
Democratic Party going into the midterms
is that really the best idea wouldn't it
be better for him to just back off of
all politics and say he's gonna be
factual and leave it at that you know
let me ask her to wait let me answer it
the literal way it's probably best but
you have to understand this is a guy
that every day is getting punched and
can't really punch back you know
and it's just I think an emotional way
of him saying you know what I'm not on
that side I may have started out there I
made a big mistake and went to work what
is he trying to say though is he trying
to say that he basically does not think
Donald Trump belongs in office and that
was democratic he is absolutely Heat
look a lot of the country feels wrong he
probably feels more wrong than anybody
because he was loyal to this man he was
loyal to this man for a long time he
feels violated he feels the country's
been violated he wants to make a
statement that beyond obviously doing
what he needs to do what's right for
himself and his family he wants to see
this country in a different place so
what does it say to you that the man who
spent as you put it this much time doing
everything with Donald Trump knows him
so well knows him behind the scenes
thinks it's imperative to get him out of
the White House he has seen a transition
you know I remember a real turning point
for him was was after the Helsinki
meeting so he always knew Donald was a
certain kinda but he was very loyal to
him and he believed in him he has seen a
very different guy in the last 18 months
you know he said to me many times
because at the beginning I said Michael
how could you be loyal to suppose this
is not the same guy this is a different
guy so uh Alan thinking of authorities
working for choirboy
but he has seen a very different
morphing into a very different character
that I think has given him a real
permission to kind of go into a
different place well as Dan Goleman will
tell you you don't have to stay and
that's what makes sure that we're not on
the wrong side of a custodial
interrogation situation but I'd love for
you to come back later in the show and
talk about ads since you're such an ad
guy ari wherever you want me to do I
will do how do you feel that I'm
cooperating how do you feel that the
custodial interrogation joke I think it
was very good and I think three three
viewers got it yeah well with you the
fact that you thought it was good and it
was silent tells you what a low bar US
lawyers have for humor but if you're
watching this show you know that already
hey I'm already melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
