two more quick questions for you Tom
before I let you go you talked about
leadership moving forward for example
after November one of the things that is
part of a big discussion happening now
inside the party is this issue of Al
Franken and whether he should run again
and the role that kirsten gillibrand has
played in that do you think Al Franken
should run again is kirsten gillibrand
in your view being unfairly maligned for
calling for his resignation oh my gosh
you know I did not repair Hallie I
didn't know that was an issue you know
it up for the first Union she clapped
the minute she clapped back at George
Soros who had come out and said if
George Soros is so concerned and I'm
paraphrasing about women and how they're
being treated that's his problem not
mine she's standing by calling for the
resignation of Franken as you know she
was one of the first senators to do so
she was the first female senator others
followed within a matter of minutes
now with Al Franken suggesting that
perhaps he would want to get back into
the political realm it seems that there
is a real clash here between supporters
of Kirsten Gillibrand and supporters who
still back Al Franken do you think
Franken should run as far as I'm
concerned the most important question in
any one of these should run or shouldn't
run questions is what are the voters
think I think if he does run this will
be a question where his behavior and his
past is fully vetted and they put it on
to the citizens of Minnesota
to a very large extent I think we should
be asking the American people what they
think instead of what a small number of
people inside the party thing to me the
question that the democratic party has
to answer is how are we best going to
represent the American people and let
their voice be heard so yes or no time
are you gonna run do you want to 2020
you haven't ruled out Hallie what I have
said repeatedly is that I'm gonna work
full-time as hard as I can through the
election day to try and flip the house
and take his biggest step forward as
Democrat for them at the Democratic
Party as possible I'm gonna be watching
to see if people are telling the truth
the American people and that's going to
be a big defining point about what the
right thing to do
was after this election thank you for
checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
