I want to get your take on this the rate
at which the commander-in-chief makes
false claims or misleading claims has
increased dramatically according to an
ongoing analysis by The Washington Post
President Trump has made 4229 false or
misleading claims in his 558 days in
office averaging 7.6 a day that is up
from the four point nine Trump average
during his first 100 days as president
in the first six months of his second
year in office
Trump nearly matched the total from his
entire first year and the rate continues
to increase in June and July of this
year the president averaged 16 false or
misleading claims a day both ranking
first and second for most a single month
during his presidency on July 5th Trump
hit a new record telling 79 false or
misleading claims and of course there
was one this morning about morning Joe
but Trump versus the truth he's
devaluing it every day every day of his
presidency and I think this is
incredibly dangerous and then people
will push back and say calm down things
will be okay and the amazing thing about
that beyond the extent to which he is
telling falsehoods is the extent to
which he is being successful in this
campaign among Republicans we saw from a
CBS poll this week 91 percent of
Republicans believe what comes from
Trump
68% believe what they get from friends
and family and we're down to 11% now
among Republicans who believe the
mainstream media and you know you look
at independence and he's having some
impact there as well so again I asked
the the product of the entire media
industry is being debased degraded
tainted and the person who is now
calling for the death of the traditional
media industry by the end of his
presidency is not being countered in any
systematic way by the very industry
whose product is being taken down by
this and I don't get that you know
Republican enablers who are scared of
the sway he has with their constituents
I get that cowardice but I get it
right but the media industry trade
associations who are there to advocate
against the government undermining their
very industries and silence when it
comes to this instead of a massive
campaign to counter it yeah I don't get
that at all I appreciate your comments
Tom Rodgers thank you thank you Tom
good to have you on up next from Teacher
of the Year to member of Congress we're
going to talk to Democratic candidate
Johanna Yates about her primary fight in
Connecticut keep it right here on
Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
