well getting back to our top story then
three sources tell the New York Times
that Donald Trump is flouting his
lawyers advice and pushing for an
interview with robert muller would clear
him the Washington Post reports that
Special Counsel Robert Muller spent the
cent the White House a letter on Monday
offering to limit the questions in order
to secure a presidential interview
according to the Post Muller's team
suggested that investigators would
reduce the number of questions about
potential obstruction of justice they
would ask in person and instead seek
some answers in written form the special
counsels office declined to comment
the president's legal team has sought
for months to narrow the questions about
Trump's actions in office and set
conditions for an interview the
president's lawyer Rudy Giuliani said
that the president discussed the latest
response on Tuesday night and Wednesday
morning which would have been around the
time he sent those tweets
according to Giuliani there was slight
movement not enough to answer the
concerns but enough at least to continue
at least discussing for a short while
longer so Claire it's obvious Donald
Trump's lawyers have no confidence in
him they don't think he's smart enough
to sit there scared he's gonna spew out
some things with Robert Moeller they
just they think he's too dumb to do it
I'd be insulted if I were him but he can
hire the lawyers he wants to hire what's
at risk for Donald Trump if he sits down
with Muller well they're looking at the
strategy now where I think at first it
seemed I would be great if I can submit
written answers first before I go in but
what written answers can do is it can
put Donald Trump in a tough spot because
he has to be able to attest to those
answers we know he doesn't like to read
a whole lot the second part of it is is
he will have to answer follow-up
questions based off those written
answers that's another dangerous
situation for president Trump to walk
into and the other thing is they don't
know what everyone else has texted
emailed communicated and what they've
said when they've gone into the mahler
team write president will be the last
interview pretty much of this
obstruction case so if the timeline
doesn't match up if they show up in /
and say well we have this message that
came from one of the people in your
circles and this is what it said this
puts the president in a really tough
spot and he will have to answer
follow-up questions so even if he goes
in with a game plan that game plans
gonna go awry pretty tell the truth
Jonathan what's your reporting telling
you from the White House yesterday
Donald Trump obviously in meltdown mode
what's going on so there are two things
first on the interview I mean Trump
himself is a singular voice in terms of
advocating to do this no one around and
thinks he should not just his attorneys
but his closest advisors think this is
just a real trap situation where he
would get himself into a lot of trouble
what we saw yesterday and we should
remember just to put it very bluntly to
call the nation's top law enforcement
officer Jeff Sessions asked him to end
this probe even though of course
sessions has recused himself but
certainly the mechanism would be there
to end this if you wanted to get that is
more obstruction of justice right
playing this hobby
this comes after just days of reporting
about how we know that the mauler team
is examining Trump's tweets as exhibits
possible evidence of obstruction that
not just to be looking at what he says
behind closed doors but what are you
saying out there in public and Trump of
course being so transparent does that
quite a bit but we're also reporting by
the way I just was we were talking about
this at with somebody yesterday and they
said well is it a crime if he does it
all in public I said well yeah if I walk
into a bank and it's the middle of the
day and there are 30 armed guards around
and I stick it got up and said give me
your money that's still a crime even if
it's even if I'm acting in a stupid
obvious way that is still a crime the
fact that he continues to try to
obstruct justice in public doing things
that would have any other governor's or
mayor's thrown in jail immediately that
doesn't lessen the impact that he's
attempting to obstruct justice in the
light of day it's how it's being
received it seems like the impact would
be greater if it was uncovered in an
email or a text message rather than wide
open for his 53 million Twitter
followers to read in terms of what's
would happening behind the scenes
according to our reporting it's a
confluence of events there's certainly a
lot of of this mulher pressure right now
with the interview going on we know the
yesterday morning he was watching the
news coverage of the Paul Manafort trial
the
he sees this as a significant step that
as much as he downplays publicly what
man afford did for him in the campaign
he knows he was the campaign chairman
for months he ran that convention this
is the closest this has come to him to
the White House to his family even if
these Chargers specifically aren't about
Russia and we have also seen him
challenged according to our reporting
talking to advisors during the night
over the last week just sort of furious
about how the media has covered this not
just the molar probe not just the manna
for thing but also the coverage of the
Helsinki summit the coverage of how he's
beholding to Russia and that he just
feels like it is both the government
Jeff Sessions being his favorite
whipping boy and the media conspiring
against Ben afford trial makes it all
very real anxiety he's watching this
watching mug shots and testimony and
cross-examining it's all happening and
Joe is a lawyer you know that the tweet
yesterday about you know end this now
gets to something that prosecutors love
to get to his state of mind state of
mind and and while you can trace that
all the way back to his White House
meeting where he kicked out all
Americans and only had Russians in there
yeah and he's saying I fired Comey and
now the pressures off of us I mean it's
really it's pretty remarkable that again
he calls it a witch hunt and I would
just say again for any cable news outlet
that refers to it as a witch hunt for
any congressman that refers to it as a
witch hunt for any talk-show host that
refers it to a witch hunt you are doing
Vladimir Putin's bidding use a star
because because that quote witch hunt
actually has evidence of the United
States military in the United States
Intel agencies picked up on in black and
white forensic evidence so understand
you're no longer doing the bidding of
Donald Trump you're doing the bidding of
an ex-kgb agent who is now one of
America's toughest enemies abroad you
are aiding and abetting the enemy if you
call it a witch on it's not something
you know it yesterday at the White House
maybe not not for the first time but
consistently Sarah Sanders referring to
the special counsels investigation as
the witch hunt
in shorthand as official statement from
the White House podium ha can you
imagine this is this is like you imagine
I just can't imagine any time in our
past with the United States military
people at Fort Meade the United States
Intel agencies discover that a hostile
power is waging some form of war on the
United States of America and elected
officials and Sarah Huckabee Sanders and
cable news hosts are attacking that
investigation and demanding okay we just
found out that yes they are trying to
undermine American democracy we now
demand that you close that investigation
right when we start getting evidence
that Russia we've got the hard evidence
why don't they want us to find out what
else what emir Putin's done
no wait Facebook coming out this week
talking about more intrusions for 2018
we had a story from The Wall Street
Journal last week about Russians getting
into the power grid they just keep
coming and so to call to which on and to
step back from it seems to me to be an
abdication and a dereliction of duty
you're aiding and abetting the enemy
well let's see now thank you how will
Senate Republicans react to a tweet from
the president states that reads Attorney
General Jeff Sessions should stop this
rigged witch hunt right now before it
continues to stain our country any
further here's the reaction from
Republicans the present suite is
unfortunate I think it's inappropriate
for him to be commenting on an ongoing
investigation I don't think General
Sessions can fires tomorrow thank you
sweetie mister but should the president
be sending these four weeks out
- president I think that's out of Jeff
Sessions hands
he's recused himself from the Russian
investigation because he participated in
the campaign as we all know and I think
that was appropriate for him to do so
Mahler's gonna finish this investigation
the truth is all going to come out and
that's the best thing that can happen
for the President and for the country so
Heidi is that consistent with what
you're hearing on Capitol Hill not
exactly full throated kind of nations of
the president's tweed martin more
stating and that the fact that general
sessions has in fact recused himself in
all this what is the feeling on Capitol
Hill when the cameras are off it's
consistent with what I'm hearing Willie
but I am so glad that you played that
because the question right now is how
has this sentiment changed over the
course of this investigation so I went
back and looked because we have a great
comparison here exactly about this time
last year
Trump was also beating up on sessions
and I pulled up an article from August
third of 2017 and here was the response
from Congress quote the blowback from
Congress to Trump's public criticism of
sessions was sharp and substantial and
his allies in the GOP told the President
to back off what we saw was two separate
bipartisan bills were introduced in
order to send a message to the president
a shot across the bow not to even think
about taking any moves on a special
counsel or on Jeff Sessions Senator
Grassley who was the head of the
Judiciary Committee said under no
circumstances will be will we be holding
hearings over the break in order to
confirm a new nominee and so I just want
to put that out there to contrast how
much things have changed in terms of the
sentiment in Congress since last year
when the exact same thing happened in
terms of the president's attacks on
session you're just saying that far more
muted yesterday saying that he can't
fire sessions but not much not much more
than separated themselves a bit yeah it
was it's far more muted now there's kind
of a downplaying of of the president's
comments a discounting of them an
assumption that this investigation will
go forward
just don't ask me about it so Jonathan
is counting discounting of it where
they're just trying to push it away but
Jonathan way it behind-the-scenes the
Senate Republicans at least arson and
Paul Ryan also are sending a message to
Donald Trump saying don't do it right
don't cross the line this is this is a
step too far yes just because it would
be disastrous not just because it would
prompt a constitutional crisis but it
also could be disaster for the
Republican Party going into these
midterms that they are very concerned
that if the president were to act if he
were to take those steps to eventually
end this probe to bring it to a
conclusion before Muller reports his
findings of Congress that it would be a
disaster for Republicans going into
November and yes well publicly we're
seeing what they're doing there they're
sort of they're always afraid to fully
defy this president they know how
popular he reigns and Republicans but
they're finding a way to do it and
they're focusing on the sessions
argument here that hey look you can't
he's not the one who can do it anyway
because he's never accused
behind-the-scenes there are
communicating to the White House look
this is a step too far don't do this
Clint follow up on exactly what the
White House calling this investigation a
witch-hunt means for Vladimir Putin talk
about what a danger this investigation
remains for Vladimir Putin talk about
how exposed Robert Muller with the help
of the United States military in the
United States Intel community how much
we have shattered Russia's belief that
that that they can do whatever they want
with the United States of America
explain how will Republican Congressmen
trying to stop us in the middle of an
investigation where the US military the
US Intel communities are giving us more
and more information about how Putin has
attacked American democracy in the past
and how he wants to attack American
democracy this year and in the future
talk about how they are doing bidding
and aiding and abetting Vladimir Putin
by trying to kill this investigation
beyond any one election or any elected
official what they always want to do is
to grade democratic institutions and the
elected officials that are in charge of
them
well you say that you mean Putin this
right yeah when you hear witch-hunt
coming out of the
residents mouth they say you're right
that is a witch-hunt they can build a
bond with the president and work with
the president essentially as an ally to
sort of thwart democratic institutions
and constituent confidence that
democracy is a good system of governance
this is consistent witch-hunt
having congressman run around with
alternative intelligence that secret
leaks this destroys the ability of our
institutions of our leaders and
appointed leaders to actually do their
jobs whether it's sessions today it will
be somebody else tomorrow and you see
this conflict playing out for 2018 there
is no plan to deal with Russian
interference or any foreign interference
going into 2018 is it fair to say that
if somebody is trying to end this
Russian investigation that they are
doing the bidding of Vladimir Putin yes
there should be there any question there
should be that if a member of Congress
is trying to stop this Russian
investigation that's already revealed so
much that they are doing Vladimir
Putin's bidding not only by trying to
stop it if they were successful this
would create massive turmoil in this
country that's what the Kremlin would
want and just continuing this discussion
extends the length of the investigation
every day the investigation goes on is
another victory for Vladimir Putin all
right still ahead on Morning Joe it's
not just the Russia probe that the
president is interested in shutting down
it's also the federal government what he
just said about that possibility and why
he thinks it will be a good thing for
Republicans and why he might need to
finally go to sleep
we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
