day 559 of the Trump administration and
this was just one more in a string of
extraordinary days in our country
because this was what we woke up to from
the president of the United States quote
Attorney General Jeff Sessions should
stop this rigged witch-hunt right now
before it continues to stain our country
even further perhaps just as
extraordinary nothing happened after
that it was a Wednesday in America and
tonight Robert Muller and his team
remain on the job
in fact there's late news tonight from
the Washington Post on these
negotiations for a possible sit-down
interview between robert muller and
president Trump Carol Lennon of the Post
reports on this latest offer from the
special counsel writing that Muller
quote indicated this week that he's
willing to reduce the number of
questions his investigators would pose
to Trump in an interview renewing
negotiations with Trump's lawyers about
a presidential sit-down after extended
standoff according to people briefed on
the negotiations in a letter sent Monday
Muller's team suggested that
investigators would reduce by nearly
half the number of questions they would
ask about potential obstruction of
justice the two people said it's unclear
which topic or topics would be left out
Michael Schmidt and Maggie Haberman of
the New York Times wasted no time in
reporting tonight on the president's
desire to sit down with Muller they
write quote President Trump pushed his
lawyers in recent days to try once again
to reach an agreement with the special
counsels office about him sitting for an
interview flouting their advice that he
should not answer investigators
questions three people briefed on the
matter said on Wednesday mr. Trump has
told advisors he's eager to meet with
investigators to clear himself of
wrongdoing the people said in effect he
believes he can convince the
investigators for the special counsel
robert muller of his belief that their
own inquiry is in fact a witch-hunt late
this afternoon
president Trump's attorney Rudy Giuliani
gave his own update on this effort to
come to an agreement he's always been
interested in testifying it's us meaning
the team of lawyers including me that
have the most reservations about that
I'm not going to give you a lot of hope
it's going to happen but we're still
negotiating
we haven't stopped negotiating with him
the most recent letter they sent us a
proposal we responded to their proposal
they took about ten days and yesterday
we got a letter back from them and now
we're in the process of responding to
proposals and again all of this comes as
the president escalated his attack on
the Russia investigation here's what he
said in full in this particular tweet
this is a terrible situation and
Attorney General Jeff Sessions should
stop this rigged witch-hunt right now
before it continues to stain our country
any further
Bob Muller is totally conflicted and is
17 angry Democrats that are doing his
dirty work are a disgrace to the United
States of course sessions took himself
out of all matters russia-related
tonight a source close to Trump tells
NBC News he has quote constantly bashing
sessions in private for that recusal
that hasn't changed and he quote can't
get sessions out of his mind
confronted by what his friend and boss
and clients said this morning about
ending this investigation Rudy Giuliani
did the only thing a lawyer could he put
on his tap shoes and he tapped danced
around what Donald Trump said this
morning it's an opinion and he used his
he used the medium that he uses for
opinions Souter he's established a clear
sort of practice now that he expresses
his opinions on Twitter he used the word
should he didn't use the word must and
there was no presidential directive to
followed it didn't direct him he didn't
direct him to do it and he's not gonna
direct him to do it that's all
obstruction of justice thing it's
nonsense if he wanted to obstruct it
he'd obstruct it I mean you can just end
it he is a person with the First
Amendment right to defend himself first
Ramona right to express his opinion if
he believes she's innocent and he is
innocent he should speak out Whitehouse
also move quickly to frame Trump's words
as nothing more than his own personal
view it's not an order it's the
president's opinion the president is not
obstructing he's fighting back the
president is stating his opinion he's
stating it clearly and he's certainly
expressing the frustration that he has
with the level of corruption that we've
seen from people like Jim Comey Peter
struck Andrew McCabe
there's a reason that the president's
angry and frankly most of America is
angry as well and there's no reason he
shouldn't be able to voice that opinion
but remember what the White House once
told us about how we should regard what
this president says on Twitter
our president Trump's tweets considered
official White House statements well the
president is the president United States
so they're considered official
statements by the president United
States at least one Republican was
willing to speak candidly about the
reaction among many lawmakers in the
Capitol every morning we wake up he
tweets something and there was like
we're supposed to respond to his tweet
mother's gonna finish this investigation
the truth is all going to come out and
that's the best thing that could happen
for the President and for the country
and after that from senator Rubio let us
bring in our leadoff panel on a
Wednesday night Peter Baker chief White
House correspondent for the New York
Times Joel Colvin White House reporter
for The Associated Press John Heilemann
longtime political journalist co-author
of Game Change and DoubleDown and Harry
Lippmann former US attorney former
Deputy Assistant Attorney General under
President Clinton good evening and
welcome to you all Peter I'd like to
begin with you and I'd like to read you
what Sally Yates formerly of the Justice
Department wrote on social media today
today our president called on his
recused Attorney General to shut down
the investigation of his own campaign as
shocking as that is what's even more
dangerous is that we've gotten used to
it the rule of law won't evaporate
overnight but it can slip away if we let
it Peter there we have the president's
own words to judge him by this morning
this is on him I guess this is one of
those lessons we get to see if words
have consequences well that's right look
what is fascinating is how much this
plays out in public and it out loud what
we see from the president's tweets is
him saying what would have been a
scandal had say President Nixon been
found to have said it privately in a you
know taped session in the Oval Office in
fact that the tape that really finally
undid him during Watergate was hearing
him order his aides to tell the CIA to
tell the FBI to lay off the Watergate
investigation here you've got the
president's day saying out loud not in
the privacy of the Oval Office but on
Twitter for everybody to read the
Attorney General the United States who
reports to him who was a
pointed by him should shut down the
investigation directly and it is in fact
both surprising and yet not surprising
it's the kind of thing he's done now for
a year and a half and we have kind of as
a society gotten accustomed to it to
some extent Harry I don't walk around
quoting US code for god sakes I haven't
read US code but there are three words
in US code that stands out specifically
on this argument you started hearing
late today that this could be as trivial
and unserious as Twitter still seems to
so many people as a medium this could
still be a kind of slow rolling
obstruction in plain sight and the three
words in the obstruction portion of US
code are if you're trying to influence
intimidate or impede an officer of the
court how is this not that how is this
not that I mean it beats me that's
exactly right and in some ways the
notion of whether it's precatory or a
command almost doesn't matter although
it's a very very tenuous distinction he
not only it's not only the president
saying this but he's saying in the same
sentence right now it's a rigged
witch-hunt it is staining our country
surely anyone who heard those words in
the Oval Office would think he'd better
remedy the situation or he is going to
lose his job but if what the president
is trying to do in a mild way or a
dictatorial way is shut down the
investigation I'll give you three other
words which are obstruction of justice
it's the it's a real possibility and
especially Brian given the whole run of
different tweets all of which are
admissible he's he's really flirting
with with enhancing the criminal case
against himself
so Harry as a former Fed you can say
with some certainty that the feds on
Muller's team are looking at the
president's words this morning in
real-time saying would you look at this
yeah not only to the and they didn't
they didn't just jump to at this more
I mean they've been looking at the
tweets carefully all the way through and
it's not simply this tweet Israeli
reminiscent of tweets he said in the
past but the whole kind of pattern of
tweets where he goes back and forth and
seems to be dancing around the notion of
here's two other words from the statute
corrupt intent we're going to put these
all together and and see if we can make
a case for his wanting to close it down
basically to protect himself the White
House and his family but no doubt just
like any other statement it's sort of
silly to say well it's on Twitter or
it's on White House stationery it's a
statement from the President of the
United States and it's admissible and of
course they are analyzing it okay Joel
Colvin tell us what you and your
colleagues are reporting about this
president's state of mind and the
atmospherics inside the West Wing
confidence of the president tell us that
he is definitely not happy right now
the president was watching television
watching coverage of the beginning of
the trial of Paul Manafort this morning
we're told that that is what sparked the
flurry of tweets this morning and one
confidant I told my colleagues Jonathan
Lemire and Zeke Miller earlier today
that the president is quote in a dark
place the president has been furious
it's been building over the last couple
of weeks ever since he returned from
Helsinki he was furious at the media the
way that he felt that he was not given
enough credit for how things went with
Vladimir Putin he felt like he was being
Mis portrayed and that his summit with
Putin was missed portrayed he felt like
he didn't get enough credit for meeting
with Kim jong-un in Singapore and he has
just been raging and you've got the
president who feels it's not just the
media that is now coming and attacking
him but also the government that's
coming and attacking him right now he's
got in addition to the manna for trial
that we're watching unfold on television
the president has also been deeply
shaken by the ongoing investigation into
Michael Cohen his longtime fixer and the
release of that audio tape that really
just set him off and you know you saw
today anyone can see that the president
is not in a good place okay John
Heilemann here in New York what is it
we're witnessing well you're witnessing
a comedy
and I think of the president acts out
when he we see this over and over again
a variety different ways his this is
expression of his it'd and he's he's a
he's angry and he's afraid and and and
he can see the walls closing in I think
these some were close to panic right now
and and that's part of what's going on
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
