leading off our discussion now Jill wine
banks former assistant Watergate special
prosecutor Matt Miller former
spokesperson for Attorney General Eric
Holder and Jennifer Rubin conservative
opinion writer at the Washington Post
all three are MSNBC contributors and
Jill we're going to talk later in the
show about what you see as the Trump
tweets effect on the mana for trial
which is hugely important but first of
all let's go to what Rudy Giuliani is
saying today about the word should is
not an order what do you make of
Giuliani's defense of what the president
was saying today I think it's a very
weak defense and I will also say that it
is a question for the jury as to whether
should is an order or just an opinion
and I think that when presented to a
jury they would find in the context of
all of the other tweets that the
president has done and all the other
actions that he has taken including the
firing of Comey that they would find
that the word should was an order and
that it was intended that it be obeyed
now he was wrong because of course the
Attorney General is recused in this case
and he cannot take any action but the
president doesn't care about that he
said it should be ended and it goes
along with all of his other tweets that
have said this is a bad investigation
it's a hoax it's a witch-hunt Muller is
bad his staff is bad sessions is bad the
FBI is bad struck is bad
he has undermined the investigation from
day one he has polluted any possible
impact on a potential jury in any case
because of what he is saying Jennifer
help us pause for a moment and consider
where the country has come from that
Nixon slip of the tongue and it really
was there wasn't anyone out there who
watched Richard Nixon do that who
thought he he didn't make a mistake and
that he corrected it as fast as he
possibly could about the guilt of
Charles Manson while Charles Manson was
still on trial
we've gone from there to now where it is
considered absolutely routine that of
course the President of the United
States
gives his opinion rudy guiliani said
it's a well-established pattern that the
president of United States gives his
opinion he gives it on everything and
Giuliani leaves out that of course the
president of United States must never
ever give his opinion on an ongoing
investigation and/or prosecution I think
there are three things to keep in mind
first is to remember this occurs during
the pendency of a trial in the past when
we had these discussions about
obstruction of justice there was some
question well does it really count that
it's just an FBI investigation maybe
he's not really interfering with a
proceeding under the law this is clear
it is a trial he's asking not only that
the entire investigation be stopped but
the trial be stopped in its tracks I
can't think of anything that is more
evidentiary and this cuz the second
issue of corrupt intent that's the name
of the game evidence that Donald Trump
from the get-go as Jill said has
intended to obstruct delay short-circuit
this investigation and when he says
things like this it's not only that in
and of itself is obstruction but it is
evidence of intent and that I think is
now so plainly clear that all he has
cared about is getting rid of an
investigation into his cronies and into
himself that the issue of corrupt intent
which was usually hard to prove is
actually going to be quite easy to prove
in this case and the third thing I think
we should remember is that everyone was
assuring us that the Paul Manafort trial
really didn't have anything to do with
Donald Trump well I beg to differ I
think this is the beginning of the end
because what did Donald Trump do again
and again he denied he or anyone on the
campaign had ties to Russia had any
communications with Russia and this is
the first time that we're seeing
evidentiary proof that that is false and
Donald Trump I think knows very well
where this is leading we are going to
learn a lot about in this trial but more
so I think in the next one in DC that
Paul Manafort was thick as thieves with
the Russians and for him at that level
of the campaign to have those
relationships with the Kremlin and
Kremlin tied figures I
goes a long way towards proving the
collusion / conspiracy theory and Matt
Miller I know with your experience in
the Justice Department you know that
previous presidents have not even been
tempted not even tempted to make public
comments about ongoing criminal
investigations and ongoing currently
underway criminal prosecutions but your
reaction to what you saw in the
president's tweets today and in Rudy
Giuliani's defense of them you know
you're right Rudy it excuse me you're
right long slip you're right Lawrence it
is a red line for for any president to
cross to interfere with an ongoing
investigation the trial any Justice
Department proceeding or anything the
Justice Department is pursuing the
problem with the president yes this was
an escalation today but he crossed the
red line a long time ago and he never
went back after he crossed it he has
kind of stayed over on the wrong side of
that line it has been continuing to
pressure the Justice Department it's not
just publicly in his tweets and in his
speeches but also privately and
pressuring them you know pressuring the
Jeff Sessions to back off from his
recusal pressuring rod Rosen Stein and
repeated meetings of them where he's
asked about the investigation every one
of these is an inappropriate action but
by the the president and I think you
know the defense that Rudy came out with
today I think is probably the best you
could do in this circumstance but what
it ignores is the complete is the
totality of all the evidence and the
interesting thing I think that the
interesting thing the most interesting
thing about what he said that has been
lost in a lot of people is you know he
kind of granted that that you know it
would be legally problematic if the
president was issuing an order here
that's implicit in their defense of
saying that he wasn't issuing an order
well that may be the best he can do
today but the problem for his client is
that the president has issued orders to
interfere with this investigation in the
past let's not forget the New York Times
reported that he ordered Don began to go
to the Justice Department and get Bob
Muller fired so if it's true as Rudy
Giuliani seemed to concede today that
that it is inappropriate legally
inappropriate and problematic for the
president to issue a direct order
interfering with the investigation well
that's something his client has already
done Jennifer Rubin company is one of
those people who still cannot get used
to the idea that Mitch McConnell
Paul Ryan and the Republicans just sit
there and accept this and with their
silence they are in effect cheering it
on to see that video of where Ted Cruz
was talking about Donald Trump from his
heart about what a pathological liar he
is and to to listen to the sound of Ted
Cruz silence today remains an
extraordinary thing it does and even
people who are supposed to be the good
Republicans like Susan Collins makes
these mealy-mouthed statements oh he
really shouldn't do that he should just
let the prosecutor do his work and
finish there is no sense of outrage
there is no desire to defend the
institutions of democracy it is if it is
all some kind of game that their highest
obligation is to defend him is to defend
whatever political position whatever
loony-tunes legal argument he is making
and they are completely devoid of any
view of any belief that their highest
obligation is to the country we talk
about Donald Trump betraying the United
States by in essence being for all
intents and purposes and agent or a
accessory for a Blatter bear Putin what
about these people they're doing the
same thing they've betrayed the country
they've betrayed their oaths of office
and I fail to see how any of them any of
them are fit for office after this Matt
Miller and Jennifer Rubin thank you for
starting us off tonight thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
