thing one tonight fun facts about
ostriches yes these majestic beasts are
the largest and heaviest birds on the
planet with some adult males reaching
nine feet tall and more than 300 pounds
their typical wingspan is over six feet
but the ostrich never flies instead it
runs on long powerful legs at speeds up
to 43 miles per hour and if ever
threatened it can deliver a kick
powerful enough to kill a lion ostriches
are native to Africa and they once
roamed all over Asia in the Arabian
Peninsula today they're raised on farms
and live in zoos all over the world
including at the home of super-rich
people like former president of ukraine
viktor yanukovych peppadews religious
Strauss oh stop lahul with but here is
what is really the process realtor
material is a crate was like I did
president strongly reviewed my
territories Strauss Amica Tory prostate
employer that any knows can you be real
very strange indeed
what's even more strange is that ostrich
loving president of Ukraine went on to
pay a lot of money to a guy named Paul
Manafort and Paul Manafort went on to
spend a lot of that money on a $15,000
ostrich jacket and that's thing too in
60 seconds
so the trial of donald trump's former
campaign chair started yesterday in the
one detail captivating the nation was at
Paul Manafort paid fifteen thousand
dollars for an ostrich jacket
everyone now just wants to know more
could this be the jacket there's been
some speculation this Gucci number which
retailed for fourteen thousand five
hundred bucks is the one man afford but
but it son confirmed a reporter four
fours reach out to one of Matt affords
favorite stores House of Bijan on Rodeo
Drive in Beverly Hills they would not
confirm or deny any purchase by Matt
affort but said they do and I quote
offer men's jackets from eighty eight
hundred dollars up to one hundred ninety
five thousand depending on the material
and particular exotic skin the Internet
of course has been hard at work on the
case as well this is an artist's
rendering of what it might look like
some have suggested this one although to
be fair that's really less of a jacket
more of a $39 Halloween costume based on
our own research here at all in mostly
on that same costume company website
we're pretty sure we've located the Matt
apart ostrich jacket it's possible he
just really overpaid for it
you're welcome America hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
