according to the State Department
spokesman their Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo who just wrapped up a trip to
Riyadh and anchor it in Turkey did not
even listen to that audio recording the
Turks say they possess Pompeo while
enroute to Turkey did tell reporters
that the US wanted to give this odious
the Saudis catch this space to come up
with an answer you know saw the
interrogate suspects in the case quickly
to get the information before they cook
up an excuse and alibi we're giving them
time to cook up an alibi let's watch I
don't want to talk about any of the
facts they didn't want to either and
that they want to have the opportunity
to complete this investigation in a
thorough way yeah right anyway the New
York Times reports that Pompey was
dispatched to court in Saudi Arabia to
deliver the message that quote a
credible investigation and has Sony
explanation of what happened had to be
conducted rapidly before it imperiled
the rest of the agenda the mr. Trump and
his lieutenants read Jared Kushner had
devised or actually devised with the
Kingdom according to multiple media
reports now the Turkish government has
alleged that Saudi Arabia dispatched a
15 member team the kill Khashoggi while
he was inside that consulate and earlier
this week it was reported that Saudis
were preparing to protect the crown
prince by saying that khashoggi died in
a botched interrogation manned by rogue
agents however the New York Times
reporting that four of those 15 alleged
killers were close to the crown prince
himself amid this growing diplomatic
crisis David Ignatius of the Washington
Post reports that the crown prince is
said to vacillate between dark brooding
and rampaging anger looking for someone
to blame for the murder for more I'm
joined by you Michel cinder PBS newshour
White House correspondent David corn
mother Jones Washington bureau chief and
himself David Ignatius Washington Post
foreign Kong columnist David are we on
an attempt are we part of an effort to
find the truth or to help the Saudis
with a cover-up what's our mission here
well so far president Trump
in his own statements as seemed to me to
be opening the way for the Saudis to
come up with you know a way to find a
scapegoat a president Trump talked about
rogue killers having been involved the
evidence that's emerging you refer to
the New York Times tour the New York
Times had a powerful report showing that
one of the 15 people who it's believed
were sent to Istanbul has been a close
bodyguard with Mohammed bin Salman the
Saudi Crown Prince in Boston in Houston
in Paris in Madrid
that's pretty devastating evidence that
the MBS as he called was himself
involved in this in this process but so
far I see nothing from the Trump
administration that's really pressuring
the Saudis to to make a complete account
of this we've got an American resident
who's missing most people believe dead
most people to be honest think the
Saudis did it in that consulate they had
the one who had control of that room are
we using any of our agencies yet the FBI
or the CIA to try to get to the bottom
of this where had they been held back by
this president because I think that's
one of the questions that people need to
focus on in my own reporting it's
something I'm really looking looking
hard at there Jamaa keshavjee my
colleague some day I've known for more
than 15 years was a permanent resident
the United States as you said living in
Virginia that means that in legal terms
he was a US person and if any
information emerged through intelligence
channels that he was threatened there
there was for government officials a
duty to warn what did they do when they
learned information if they didn't learn
information why weren't they pushing
harder for it the Saudis have been
advertising their anger items so those
are some of the questions I think that
that need to be asked because this was
not just a Washington Post journalist
this was somebody who had a status as a
US person living here so well said and I
think that just think if we had given
the heads up that the Saudis were after
him he wouldn't have walked into that
consulate he'd be alive today
yesterday President Trump was asked by
The Associated Press if the allegations
were true what he can sit if they were
what he can reconsider the relationship
between us and the Saudis he told the AP
quote I think we have to find out what
happened first you know here we go again
with you know you're guilty until proven
innocent I don't I don't like that
that's Trump talk anyway today was asked
he was providing cover for the Saudi
regime when he said that here's what he
said now I'm not giving cover at all
with that being said Saudi Arabia's been
a very important ally of ours in the
Middle East
you know David it doesn't take and this
isn't like he's comparing it I guess to
the Cavanagh case we could we know that
case that was 36 years ago and there was
some murkiness that look all that's on
the record now but here's a case where a
guy walks his fiancee the woman he's in
love with he's going to marry waits
outside while he trepidatious Lee goes
in we see him going in on the camera
there he never comes out inside that
room are 15 security agents included
four or five of them very close to the
crown prince he never comes out and one
of them according the times it was a
doctor I can't get it out because we
haven't asserted it yet or we cooperated
but there's no other factor there's only
the Saudis in there constantly and he
never came out and a moment ago you
mentioned the FBI and the CIA yeah
there's another agency involved here at
least on our side the NSA the National
Security Agency and if something
happened like that in the Turkish
consulate you can bet there were
communications between the consulate and
Riyadh back and forth before after
during and even leading up to that so if
for tougher Trump to sort of act like he
has no agency here he can find out
probably pretty good and with liaison
with the Turks who seem to want to get
this out to some degree there is I I'm
pretty confident the United States
account if it doesn't already can very
quickly have a very clear idea the
bottom line is that he doesn't really
care no he doesn't
doesn't to know he wants it here's who
deals with MSB like he wants to do deals
with Kim jong-un it doesn't affect him
directly so that means he doesn't count
anybody that watches law and order and
every who doesn't watch it anybody who
watches any crime show knows the police
always want to get to the suspects
quickly they want to get them before the
Menendez brothers whatever started
cooperating this to collaborating his
story you want to get the fresh guilt on
the record quickly you don't say hey
guys take a couple days to get your
story together we're gonna give you a
plenty of space whoever gives suspects
in the case of murder space to figure
out the defense unless you want them off
the hook well I'll say this one when I
want to go back to what the president
said about this journalist one of the
things he said was he wasn't a US
citizen remember to the United States
it's supposed to be the leader of the
free world we're supposed to be the
leader of people who want who wants
press freedom so even if it was a French
journalist or a British journalist the
president would move what he would think
that the American president would say
poor journalists should not be getting
killed in conflicts we can't be doing it
excuse he's saying it's not my job
saying no he's saying it's not my job to
protect this like don't blame me if we
lose the house this year
Trump's done all this kind of crap right
lately my job to defect this there's
that interpretation and the other thing
I want to say is that this is a
president who has complex business ties
to all sorts of countries including
Saudi Arabia and as as secretary Pompey
was meeting with Saudi Arabia they did
they deposited a hundred million dollars
into the State Department's account to
help with the fight in Syria so what you
have is the Saudis essentially giving
money to America saying hey here's some
stuff well we what we come up with our
answer here's some money to keep you
quiet I think that's that's pretty
startling hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
