call it Donald Trump's Al Capone defense
today on what is just the second day of
Paul Manafort trial Donald Trump
comparing his former campaign chair to
the notorious mobster asking who was
treated worse
Al Capone legendary mob boss or Paul
Manafort political operative Trump has
made this bizarre comparison before it's
Paul Manafort who's who really is a nice
man here you look at what's going on
with him
it's like Al Capone 2005 tax case or a
case is very oh it's just a sad things
it's a very sad thing for our country to
say this so to be clear comparing a
defendant to Al Capone is usually
something prosecutors or critics to
because there's a story of crime and
punishment Capone is a person who did
many bad things and got in trouble for
only some of them facing charges for tax
evasion and not the other violence and
murders that his gang was accused of so
he's making over three million dollars a
year but he's paid no taxes nothing's in
his name if we can establish any
payments to him at all we can prosecute
him for income to activate what I said
we can prosecute him for income tax
evasion
try a murder for not paying his taxes
well it's better than nothing try a
murder for not paying his taxes that's
the movie version in real life that 1931
trial was a national spectacle there
were cameras outside the Chicago
courtroom citizens were gathered out
front and obviously concerned about more
than tax evasion but because of his
reputation as a violent gangster
famously also portrayed by Robert De
Niro there was the denial of via
violence with a twinkle in the eye I
grew up in a tough neighborhood and we
used to say you can get further with a
kind word and a gun than you can with
just a kind word and sometimes a
reputation follows you there is violence
in Chicago of course but not by me and
not by anybody I employed not by anybody
I employ note that is a specific denial
of a conspiracy which is of course a key
charge in the Russia probe now that jury
disagreed Capone caught an 11-year
sentence man affort faces more time than
that if convicted and legal experts do
say the prospect of dying in prison can
change the minds of even the most
stubborn defendants which applies to
allege tax evaders as well as mafiosos
so the question that hangs over what is
now day 2 of this trial why is Donald
Trump comparing his former campaign
chief to a gangster and could this trial
change Paul manna for its mind or is he
ready to face the risk of prison and
death pondering I don't know some later
salvation to quote another man steeped
in the criminal mindset the musician
master P the question may boil down to
is there heaven for a gangsta gangsta
gangsta is there heaven for a gangsta
gangsta gangsta I'm joined now by Ellie
Hoenig the former federal prosecutor for
the Southern District of New York he led
the organized crime unit and even
prosecuted a case against alleged
mafioso John Gotti Jr a perfect guest an
expert for this and Richard painter also
back with me a Senate candidate and
former lawyer in a Republican
administration I begin
you is their heaven for a gangster
number one - what in God's earth is
Donald Trump doing comparing this man to
Al Capone and three when you look at the
legalities of this case how does it
relate to how you approached mafia yeah
there are a lot of parallels all right
between the kind of cases I used to do
going against the Mafia in this case sad
to say but the number one similarity is
you are trying to penetrate a closed
secretive I'll say potentially criminal
organization and the number one way you
do that is by flipping people by getting
cooperating witnesses and I think you
hit on something I think the president
is probably scared to death that Paul
Manafort may try to flip if he's
convicted you read that as what's
happening this week in other words for a
long time Trump dismissed Manta Ford and
avoided talking about him lately as we
showed he's been talking we can even
show he's been tweeting more about him
lately a handful more tweets up from
zero you're saying that means what yeah
he could be trying to soften up Manta
for it the biggest I think the biggest
nightmare for Trump right now is if
Manta for it flips and you said it I
agree with you I do not think Paul
Manafort is willing if he gets convicted
to go die in jail and if he gets
convicted he's 69 years old he will die
behind bars so you think that's that
that is the change agent here yeah I
think it could be you know you can
cooperate after conviction you may not
get as good of a deal I've done it I had
a mob boss who we convicted of murder he
got sentenced to life we thought he had
dynamite information same way Muller
might think man affort has dynamite
information we went into the jail and
asked him if he would cooperate he said
no he was an old-school stand-up guy but
the point is prosecutors are still
sometimes willing to cooperate
defendants after convert your office and
this is the office that now is handling
the Michael Cohen case I mean you're
educating us on some real interesting
backroom stuff you're saying that as a
matter of prosecutorial tactics you were
prepared even with a life sentence to
dial part of that back to get
information absolutely it's a balance
it's how bad of a guy is it but how good
is his information and the guy I was
talking about we thought he had the keys
to the castle and I think metaphor can
you imagine can you imagine getting to
sit in to briefed him as a prosecutor
and learn everything he knows it would
be a goldmine if I was in their shoes
and I convicted Manta for
he was willing to come in I'd absolutely
pay the price for that that is
fascinating coming from you as someone
who led the organized crime work and
that's not a shoes many people have
filled as a prosecutor you know how to
spot unanswered questions you did not
answer the master P question is there a
heaven for gangsters yes I think so I
think they're sitting around like the
old social clubs in Queens and having a
coffee and that's a nice place so there
is salvation I think so well Richard
painter having solved the more
metaphysical aspect of this I turned to
you on Donald Trump's shifting approach
to Manta for take a look at how he used
to talk about him because this does back
up the point just made on that he is now
warming to him after dismissing him take
a look Paul Manafort was replaced long
before the election took place he was
only there for sure literally perfect
like what a couple of months like Madoff
Ford has nothing to do with our campaign
how do you view that ship which has
clearly changed now that the trial began
well president Trump is very very
worried that Bob antiport is going to
flip on it that I believe the
prosecutors would offer amount afford a
very good deal because from the law
enforcement perspective well he's done
some very bad things so he is not a
threat to our society at this juncture
Donald Trump and various other people
who are at high parts of our government
are a threat and there's an ongoing
conspiracy to obstruct justice there may
very well be ongoing collusion with the
Russians that is extremely dangerous for
our national security so the prosecutors
are going to offer amount afford a very
good deal I certainly would if I were
the prosecutors to get the information
on the people who are really dangerous
who have been colluding with the
Russians obstructing justice really of
betray our country so yeah if I were one
of those people in the latter group I'd
be scared to death Paul Matta for
cutting a deal with the prosecutors the
the other thing about the Capone
argument is there are even conservatives
right we're not just reflexively Trump
critics who think this plays in to some
public
on ramp to what would be a very
controversial part and to say the least
I'm reading here from The Spectator a
conservative publication quote Trump is
using the Capone comparison to set the
stage to pull another arpaio depict mana
Ford as a victim of the deep state whose
unjust predicament can only be rectified
by a presidential pardon your thoughts
yeah that could be the case as well you
know I think there's a lot of signals
being sent at a minimum here and you
know the other possibility is again to
use the mob lingo Manta Ford is being a
stand-up guy and that means someone you
don't plead you don't talk you don't
cooperate you go through with your trial
you take your consequences in the normal
world they go to jail here it's an
exceptional circumstance so it could be
the sort of unspoken understanding could
be Paul you stand up and I'll take care
of you hmm
right which is itself potentially
inappropriate yes absolutely it would be
a very questionable use of the pardon
power right and that goes back to a
report we've done earlier on the show
about how well the pardon power is
unilateral the president gets to do it
it has legal force immediately as we all
three of us know that doesn't mean it
can't be an abuse of power just like
auctioning it off or Blagojevich auction
off a cent it's a unitary power that was
an abuse yes the fact that the president
has a constitutional power doesn't mean
he can't use it in a criminal way I
think that's the perfect example what if
the president tweeted pardons for sale
ten thousand dollars each make check
payable to Donald J Trump that has to be
a crime right I do want to say in
fairness the check would be made payable
to Trump organizations so that he could
pay lower taxes on it I think you were
unfair and saying it would be a personal
check good point I think that's just
Richard I just want to be fair
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
