so though we're still under attack yes
absolutely do we know who the enemy is
is it Russia's that someone else who's
planning this compromise this bad stuff
well as you noted Facebook has not yet
attributed the accounts that they took
down yesterday but experts who have
looked at it do believe that it bears
very similar hallmarks to what we saw
from the internet research agency what
are we looking for what do we see when
we go looking for this trouble are they
trying to get the Democrats to look bad
in the case of McCaskill in the case of
Shaheen what are they up to
so what Facebook talked about this
coordinated and authentic behavior I
think it's important to understand that
what we're talking about is not
necessarily about content we're talking
about behavior they're trying to
masquerade as Americans to either so
divisions among us create greater
polarization that's a way to weaken us
so we can't be talking about the real
things we should be talking about as a
country just like kids in school when
they send messages to their friends and
they let their then when they're trying
to hurt just happen to hear it I mean is
this attempt to just cause people to
hate each other that's part of it that's
absolutely part of it part of its also
trying to shape our opinions on things I
used an example at today's hearing about
how one of the messages we saw from the
internet research agency after the
election because this activity never
stopped so one of the posts we saw
actually on reddit is a platform that
gets less talked about but was also used
by the internet research agency sought
to use the Flint water crisis and police
brutality as a wedge to say you know
countries aren't bombing us for police
brutality and not taking care of the
kids in Flint Michigan so why should we
be bombing Syria for chemical weapons
attack basically trying to shape
Americans opinion about foreign policy
in a way that's to the benefit of the
Kremlin
sounds like ret Malcolm your thoughts
about it seems like the arsonists are
still at it we're trying to put out the
first fire and they keep setting new
ones well you're absolutely right and
this is a major conflagration but what
we're seeing is the pilot light that's
being set I really think that what's
going on with the Facebook activity that
we're seeing right now which we know
started last March in 2017 and has
continued up in the main this year
before Facebook caught it because you're
seeing the leading edge of what is going
to start overwhelming us as we go up to
the midterm and I say it's the leading
edge of an attack because this time they
chose fake leftist extremist groups they
created a Mexican group an African
American group a radical resistance
group even a spiritualist group and they
intended to use these organizations fake
organizations as foils so that Trump
supporters would have a target to attack
you know and this marion nikl i create
the idea that the democrats are all hard
crazy leftist and therefore they're an
easy choice to go let me ask you about
trump's trump's denial his denial ISM
you might say that's going on since this
first third into country's conscience he
constantly says nothing happened it's
all a hoax bla bla bla
witch-hunt has that affected the
transmission of this this misinformation
has it stopped it as encouraging or what
well one of the things that I emphasized
today as you saw in that clip is that
these mixed messages actually hinder our
ability to deter the enemy one of the
things that any expert on deterrence
will talk to you about is that messages
need to be credible and they need to be
backed by capability we aren't credible
in delivering threats if we have mixed
messages coming in particular from the
president of United States if you're
Vladimir Putin are you going to believe
that you're going to face consequences
for this continued activity if you're
not hearing it consistently I don't
think so well the Senate Republicans
blocked the democratic amendment that
would have provided states with more
election security funding ahead of the
midterms interesting senator bob Corker
was the only Republican to vote and
support the amendment Oklahoma
Republican Senator James Lankford said
it was far too early to sign off one
more money despite reporting last week
by The Daily Beast Missouri the
democratic of Senator Claire McCaskill
was the first twenty eighteen target by
Russian hackers and also despite this
morning from Director of National
Intelligence Dan Coates I'm here to say
the warning lights are breaking blinking
red again today the digital
infrastructure that serves this country
is literally under attack Russia has
been the most aggressive foreign actor
no question
and they continue their efforts to
undermine our democracy Malcolm I know
this sounds primitive but the fact that
the president is out there saying the
Russians are out to help the Democrats
this fall so why is he trying to stop
the Russians because what I mean I'm
telling you the only evidence we have is
again that they're out they get
McCaskill's Democrat didn't help and are
there hurt nur well the Republicans
don't want to do anything to stop the
Russians even though they say the
Russians are out to help the Democrat
explain this way yeah I mean it's like
it's hard to keep track of the claptrap
we're getting from the White House on
this stuff well from the President
himself
this is classic misdirection and to tell
you the truth I was quite alarmed when
he made that statement about the Russian
he's tough on Russia the Russians are
going to assist the Democrats it almost
sounded like he was sending orders to
the Kremlin to now go after the you know
and make it appear that the Democrats
are going to do something look if there
is a blue wave this fall even if it's a
small one the best thing that the
Russians can do is introduce mayhem into
the system to make it look like they
were supporting the Democrats go out and
hack a few voting machines go out and
turn over a few precinct ballots and
then the other side the opposition can
use this to either call for the
invalidation of the election itself or
to create mayhem just short of civil war
the President himself is going to be
responsible and the Senate today what
they showed is they are not going to
they don't want to take the blame
they'll probably release some money
early on towards the other towards the
election but they don't want to do
anything at all sometimes I think the
president wants to destroy every
institution in this country not just the
Democrats but the courts the media every
government agency everything they hold
dear so that he could be the Phoenix
that rises from the ashes thank you so
much Laura Rosenberger
and thank you Matt come man hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
