easy enough to obtain a gun in our
country some advocates are pushing to
allow Americans to simply print them at
home or would take would be an online
blueprint and a 3d printers so-called 3d
printed guns wouldn't have serial
numbers making it almost impossible for
law enforcement to track them down and
because they could be made entirely out
of plastic they could bypass metal
detectors well yesterday a federal judge
in Seattle issued a temporary
restraining order to block the release
of 3d printed gun blueprints online
president Trump weighed in yesterday
saying 3d plastic guns don't seem to
make much sense
and here was White House press secretary
Sarah Sanders today the president's glad
this effort was delayed to give more
time to review the issue and this
administration supports the decades-old
legislation already on the books that
prohibits the ownership of a holy
plastic gun well tell me right now is
the former US congressman from New York
and author of the novel big guns Steve
Israel Steve thank you so much for
coming on I don't know it's like we've
got crazy people and I'm looking for the
craziest ideas of all the problems we
have we have Saturday night special
cheap guns you can fight for a few bucks
out of a trunk of somebody's car or in a
hotel room or one of these gun shows
it's not hard to get a gun in America
I'm told why would you want to have
these guns you can make yourself with
this 3d equipment which apparently only
is several hundred dollars your thoughts
well the only reason you would want
these guns is to get them through a
metal detector undetected or to have a
gun that cannot be traced or to have a
gun where there's no background check
those are the only reasons for these
guns look this administration Chris they
do dangerous things they do crazy things
this is dangerously crazy they allowed a
company to distribute the the codes the
software so that anybody with a 3d
printer using the same plastic that's in
a Lego could make a lethal firearm get
it onto an airplane and get it into the
capital and cause grave harm to people
this administration is upended thirty
years of bipartisan policy from Reagan
to Obama by trying to allow this to
happen now the good news is a judge as
you just said a judge has put a
temporary restraining
order so it has continued the ban on the
download of these files but the bad news
is that already hundreds if not
thousands of these files have been
downloaded and these guns can now be
manufactured with these 3d printers well
I've seen a movie and I know you've seen
it on the line of fire it's a great
Clint Eastwood movie I know your movie
guy John Malkovich is the bad guy it's
very elaborate it was a procedural you
actually watch him put it together a
plastic gun so he get through a metal
detector at a presidential fundraiser
why do we want to have the technology
available for John Malkovich's of the
world to do what they want to do we
don't with Ronald Reagan in 1988 Ronald
Reagan recognized that we shouldn't make
it easy for people to manufacture guns
that could go through metal detectors or
not be traceable and that policy was
continued by George Bush George W Bush
Bill Clinton Barack Obama now we have
the Trump administration which settled a
lawsuit and decided we should actually
make it easier for a child a criminal or
a terrorist to make these guns get it
right through a metal detector cause
harm and the guns not even traceable
well the National Rifle Association
released a statement saying the issue is
being overblown quote many anti-gun
politicians and members of the media
have wrongly claimed that 3d printing
technology will allow for the production
and widespread proliferation of
undetectable plastic firearms regardless
of what a person may be able to publish
on the Internet
undetectable plastic guns have been
illegal for 30 years explain how they're
cagey here well they're very cagey first
of all it is true that the undetectable
Firearms Act originally signed by Ronald
Reagan makes the manufacture
distribution production of these weapons
illegal but here's the thing you can't
enforce the law if you can't see a
weapon that is plastic and so this is a
very clever way for the NRA and other
gun fanatics to say well we've already
got a law on the books but we're going
to handcuff tsa agents we're going to
handcuff the police we're going to
handcuff law enforcement so they cannot
detect when a gun is right in front of
them
despite the fact that there's a law in
the books well they say there as long as
it has a metal piece to it but according
to what I've been able to read that
metal piece can be removed and it kids
still go through a metal detector that
would still fire well that's exactly
right two things here Chris number one a
metal piece can be snapped off and
snapped back on so you can snap it off
before you go through the metal detector
and snap it back on when you get on the
airplane
number two the undetectable firearms act
when that was passed in 1988 the the
notion of 3d printers was like a Star
Trek episode it needs to be modernized
and the way you modernize it is you
simply require that various components
of the firearm must have some metal
effect that permanently attached to them
I tried to get that passed when I was in
Congress the nra adamantly opposed it we
were able to extend the firearms act
well why would they defend in effect
defending why are they defending plastic
guns in effect that don't need these
metal pieces so they can still fire a
bullet why do they want to defend the
reality of such a thing because they are
extremists and they're their absolute
there they are extremists and they are
absolutist and you know they are going
to continue to have these extreme views
by the way President Trump you mentioned
tweeted that you know these these
plastic guns don't make sense and he was
looking into it and in that tweet he
said I'm checking with the NRA I tweeted
back at him reminding him that he has
veto power not the NRA why he would want
to check with the NRA to see if it was
ok to continue to be super for us to get
us blazed absolutely thank you I don't
my pandering but when it but I don't
mind pandering but when it's dangerous
that's when we should all be objecting
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
