are you willing to take his word for it
whoever trump says to vote for you vote
for
I do anything he says he has everything
he says it's true it comes true Trump is
a genius for your mind his mind and my
mind together we don't match Trump's
brain that man's a genius
and he's cut from a different cloth a
different material well there you go
with me now from Orlando as NBC News
political reporter Ali Vitali who was at
last night's rally spoke with those
Trump supporters and during the 2016
campaign was in that pen quite a bit as
they call that press pen there Ali joins
our roundtable of Susan Michael and
Howard so Ali first just give us a taste
of that rally last night it just seemed
a little rowdier than we've seen a trump
rally in a while I think that's a pretty
fair assessment Chuck I have a really
high tolerance for these rallies after
being at hundreds and hundreds of them
and even I was pretty stunned last night
as I was standing in the press pen
watching these folks go after Jim Acosta
and try to screw up the Siena and live
shot the thing that's stunning to me is
that they were doing that even before
the president got on stage so it's not
like they were trying to be it's not
like they were being egged on it was
more a matter of they felt that this was
the thing that they wanted to do and I
also think that in the course of talking
to several voters who were there last
night I asked them point blank when you
hear the president talk about fake news
or the media being the enemy of the
people they all told me yes that's true
and one man summed it up for me so
perfectly and he said it's because
they're saying things that I don't
believe so it's not even a matter of
fact anymore anything that kind of goes
against what they believe in President
Trump or what they believe themselves is
suddenly fake to them was a rowdy for
rowdy say curd shall we say did we have
the too many open concession stands last
night I didn't see anything like that
there but I will say I've seen this kind
of across the country and it does depend
where you are but people here obviously
were very in in the pocket in the pocket
of the president and they wanted to show
that they supported him and I think the
they see this war on the media as one
way that they can show Trump that
they're there to have his back against
people who they feel are constantly
maligning him every day on the airwaves
well let me play for you Sarah Sanders
play this for the pandal here here's how
she responded to a question about it
where when you listen to her answer I
want you to ask yourself this is she
condoning verbal abuse of the press take
a listen
this is a two-way street we certainly
support a free press we certainly
condemn violence against anybody but we
also ask that people act responsibly and
report accurately and fairly said no one
will being violent last night in terms
of hitting anybody and no broadcaster
was broadcasting state secrets they were
trying to do stand-ups at a public rally
and you had people trying to yell over
them preventing them from doing their
jobs and yelling that their network
sucks on live TV while they support that
or not while we certainly support
freedom of the press we also support
freedom of speech and we think that
those things go hand in hand again I'm
going to present it to the three of you
she didn't use the phrase sounded like
she's condoning verbal abuse well she's
certainly not saying it's a bad thing
she's not saying we the president wish
they would hadn't done that they drew
the line at violence I appreciate the
physical violence right you know I think
this is the same phenomenon we see with
with his tweets
toward Robert Moeller I think this is an
effort to undermine faith in the
institutions that could hold the
president accountable down the road so
that when the press does stories that
are critical of the president are they
exposed malfeasance by the
administration that they just won't be
believed by his followers become other
the press has become other drop world in
many respects that's that's very true
and it is the place where he likes to
keep the press because that way it's
impersonal it's not it's one of these
things that people look at human
humanize them it's a generic wash it
applies to everyone who has journalists
as part of their background or media but
let's be clear here all of this
craziness stops if one man says stop
yeah so we we sit here we want to parse
it and try to intellectualize and
understand it and psychoanalyze this
this
is Trump's creation and whatever comes
of it rests on his head no one else's
you can't blame the people in that on it
you can point fingers at em and say you
shouldn't have done that you shouldn't
have gone after that reporter but this
rests on the man who perpetuates it and
allows it to happen in his presence and
Howard it does feel like we could have
it just remember as candidate he said
the following I love the old days you
know what they used to do to guys like
that when they were in a place like this
they'd be carried out in a stretcher
folks mm-hmm that's well I
that's candidate when I was covering
rallies of Donald Trump in in 2015 and
2016 I felt at times he was dangling
that dangerous possibility out there but
in a way that he could still draw back
from it what Sarah Sanders said today I
guarantee you was one third of what
Donald Trump must have said to her in
the Oval Office in other words I think
he was probably even harsher than she
was right there what she's essentially
saying is hey you asked me tough
questions that I consider to be unfair
here in the Oval Office that's what
you're going to get out there and
Susan's absolutely right and you're
right this is part of the campaign by
Donald Trump to measure the intensity of
his support in places like Tampa the
dislike of the press within his group
yeah to see what he can get away with
when it comes to the question again I
say of shutting down Muller or pardoning
manna fort and gates that's what he's
sitting there calculating right now in
this rally last night was his way of
gathering strength to see when he can
pull that off
convinced that's what he's thinking ally
you you've been through a lot of these
and I know only a handful of times have
you are expressed your concern for your
personal safety we're at that point last
night or now I mean I was not at that
point last night but that's only because
there was no one physically threatening
me I have been in those situations where
I have felt threatened before but I
guess I the point that I want to circle
back to and the thing that is the
most potentially dangerous to me is that
when you guys talk about this being kind
of devoid of the humanity it's like the
faceless media and Europe and most
people are okay with going against a
person that they don't know but I even
had folks saying to me last night one of
the women I was talking to you was
saying Jim is bad at his job but you're
very professional so they can delineate
between this idea of Siena and sucks
which is presidentially branded at this
point and talking to an independent
reporter who's just standing in front of
them asking them questions at a rally
but it's an attack devoid of humanity I
was wondering because the other
experience I know you've had and I hope
you share with viewers is the president
will do this rally you know beat the
living daylights of the press and we'll
see the jeers come in and then there's
the whispers what you do these did you
get some of that last night actually no
and I was kind of surprised we're not
willing to say good job by the way so no
and by the way the president has only
begun to fan the bellows on this this
fall he's trotting this amped up version
of it out and it's going to be major all
the way through the fall even more than
you saw in the 2016 campaign you know I
spoke to a class of Army folks young
officers in the Army last week and I
always thank them for their service and
two of them thanked me for my service I
totally threw me off like yes I'm like
you put yourself in harm's way no you
are too right I hope not frankly was it
what I said that was that is striking to
me that there are Americans who see this
as Americans are not journalists who see
this as threatening this effectively
declared war on journalists in this
country he's made them the scapegoat for
all of his shortcomings and failings and
it's an easy target to go after because
again you represent a broader piece of a
narrative that you know the fact that
you think and I think there's a lot to
what you say that the president conclude
has concluded that we're an easy target
is in and of itself a sea-change enough
we don't have a political party to
defend ourselves like we're not even
even to even Richard Nixon who was out
after the press
in many ways did it through subterfuge
ins in secret through the through the
IRS not always in public and not as part
of a open front-and-center political
strategy the way this is except spare
Wagner but not Richard nattering nabobs
of negativity actually that was fine
those were gentle that was gentle that
sounds mildly Vitaly thank you for
sharing I know it's uncomfortable to
talk about yourself as a story but thank
you for your professionalism and for the
way you represent NBC News out there
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mind
set right here for you on YouTube
subscribe now
