welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with
how we're no longer obsessed over the
things President Trump says that a good
thing or a bad thing
well we've already talked about the
president's tweet today that quote
Attorney General Jeff Sessions should
stop this rigged witch-hunt right now
before it continues to stay in our
country any further well imagine the
outrage among Republicans if Barack
Obama had said something like that about
Benghazi or the outrage among Democrats
at george w bush said something like
that about torture of Iraqi prisoners
are we being conditioned to not be
outraged by outrageousness by this
president anymore last night President
Trump gave a speech in Tampa how is
there not folks up in arms by this
absurdity democrat party they want to
abolish AI so in other words they want
to let ms-13 rule our country that's not
gonna happen or there was this sort of
fantasy if you call it remember the
attack on Merry Christmas they're not
attacking it anymore everyone's happy to
say Merry Christmas right that's because
only because of our campaign literally
Bill O'Reilly invented that controversy
it does not exist anyway how about this
dishonesty fake dues fake dues they are
fake
look you may say you're exhausted from
the outrage and we get it but when you
ignore this you get this
and this kind of unfocused visceral
anger at the other side are really
neutral people like folks on the press
core it can lead to this
look according to today's Washington
Post President Trump has made 4229 false
or misleading claims in 558 days in
office as an average of 7.6 a day this
is not normal
we shouldn't be in the business of just
shrugging our shoulders and normalizing
it hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV Daily and MSNBC you
get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
