day one of the special councils first
criminal trial is in the books and Paul
Manafort is back in court this morning
up to now the former Trump campaign
Chairman's legal strategy has been to
question Robert Muller's authority like
President Trump did this morning
tweeting for the Attorney General to
quote stop this rigged witch hunt right
now slamming the special counsel and the
Russian investigation which has already
indicted five US Nationals and dozens of
Russians but when manna forts trial
began Tuesday his focus shifted to a
different man his former deputy Rick
gates manna forts attorney for trade
gates this man here as the foundation of
the special counsels case then he called
gates honesty into question but charges
were brought against manna for before
gates agreed to cooperate with the
special counsel many of the initial
charges were based on missing tax
documents and bag statements and
metaphors lawyers accused gates of
embezzling money from the pair's
lobbying firm during its work with
Ukrainian politicians now the Special
Counsel meanwhile said manna Fort felt
he was quote above the law in detailing
the bank fraud charges against man
afford the attorney prosecuting the case
said the Republican operative quote
created cash out of thin air prosecutors
ticked through some of the thirty
million dollars that man afford is
alleged to have wired to the United
States without declaring or paying taxes
on it spending it on things like home
renovations and now we know clothes at
stores in New York and Beverly Hills
where he spent nearly one and a half
million dollars including a $21,000
watch and a fifteen thousand dollar
custom-made ostrich jacket I didn't even
know that was a thing that was updated
like that's how like out of step I am
like I didn't even know that was I
didn't know which part of it was a thing
a fifteen thousand dollar jacket or that
you can make one out of ostrich
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
