join us now here in New York former
Democratic congressman from New York
Steve Israel he served as chairman of
the Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee from 2011 to 2015 as the
author of the novel big guns congressman
great to have you with us we want to get
to your piece in just a moment but I
know you're a Mets fan I was just
thumbing through the box
I saw something here 25 to 4 they lost
last night the the ninth inning was
pretty good you're not here to talk
about the meadow thank God let's talk
about the piece it's a theory
interesting one see what you think for
the hill as to what is behind presidents
Trump his threat of a government
shutdown less than 100 days before the
midterm election Steve writes in part is
Donald Trump a Machiavellian savant who
knows that his only path to re-election
is to help elect a Democratic
congressional majority in 2018 in 2020
you won't be able to cast down ballot
blame on his own party or run against
his own congressional majority this
president is in desperate search of a
foil and what better foil than Democrats
in control of Congress okay so you know
there was something The Wall Street
Journal floated a similar theory that
there may be some strange genius to all
this do you really believe it look what
the piece was tongue-in-cheek but look
there is no rational explanation even
from an irrational president for him to
demand a shutdown of the federal
government in a midterm election less
than a hundred days unless he really
wants to help Democrats and here's
here's the experience in which I based
his theory I chaired the Democratic
Congressional Campaign Committee as you
said August 2008 Oberer 2013 brutal
midterm environment President Obama had
been elected in 2012 we were about
halfway through the generic ballot was
flatlined
I was basically cold calling candidates
in competitive districts offering them
knife sets if they would agree to run as
Democrats then what happens
October Republicans shut down the
government over the Affordable Care Act
within days I no longer was cold calling
candidates I didn't have enough time to
call and to return their calls the
genetic battle the generic ballot
preferred Democrats by double digits 80%
of
voters disapproved of the shutdown 53%
blamed Republicans compared to 20% who
blamed the president it shifted the
environment so what Donald Trump is
doing right now is he's playing with
fire Republicans don't shut down the
government in an election year because
they know it's fire it could ruin him
they only do it in off years so that
they can put out the fire Donald Trump
now says let's shut it down
why maybe wants to elect Democrats maybe
he knows that shut down certain
Republicans and why does he want to
elect Democrats he cannot afford to run
in 2020 against Republicans there on the
ballot with him he needs a foil
what better foil than House Democrat
Michael Steele you buy-in it actually I
am in fact I'm gonna take it take your
tongue out of your cheek congressman
because I think you're spot-on and I've
been saying this for about six or eight
months now looking at the way the
president has approached Republicans
he's largely agnostic as to who controls
the house and quite frankly the Senate
although the Senate is beneficial for
Supreme Court nominees president doesn't
really give a damn about this
legislative process you're exactly on
point
the better foil for him coming out of
2018 is to spend the next 18 months
whoring against Nancy Pelosi or whomever
is the Speaker of the House and under
Democratic control and making setting
them up as the narrative for his
reelection
you know and so it's not so much about
oh the party remember Donald Trump is
not a Republican we keep acting like
Donald Trump has been a stalwart of the
Republican Party since time immemorial
no this was a political convenience for
him he's going to use the party as a
political convenience for this election
cycle to set up his reelect should he
decide to really pursue a foil the
Democrats offer the better palette for
him and then Republicans on the other
hand Casey the president has promised to
be on the campaign direct trail he said
six or seven days a week whatever it
takes for Republicans in competitive
districts well first of all Lily just to
go back to something you mentioned the
top of the show I just like to thank the
Mets for pushing down the lastly the
last time that anybody scored 25 runs
was against my Orioles in the chance
yeah yes so thank you for that but
congressman my question for you is what
do you think Democrats might do to screw
up their chances in the midterm
elections I mean we've heard a lot about
abolish ice there's a lot of kind of
disconnect in the party a lot of these
districts that you guys need to win sure
there's there's Alexandria Ocasio Cortes
but you know that's a different kind of
contour than where you actually need to
win to take back the house Casey they're
about 58 competitive districts on the
battlefield right now that may change
there may be a few more a few less as we
go deeper into the cycle of those 58 the
most I can count in terms of Democratic
defending districts is 10 to 11 the
balanced or Republican districts now
here's the thing if you are running in
Brooklyn New York
your message is going to be different
than if you are running in Brooklyn Iowa
which just happens to be in one of those
competitive Republican districts and so
the one thing that concerns me is
Democrats will continue to be fixated on
the need for a gold-plated inside the
beltway boilerplate message that just
doesn't work in the diverse range of
districts they need to win that you know
talking about abolishing ice and
impeachment it may rev up our base and
that's important but more importantly to
get the majority and impose checks and
balances to this president is winning in
right-of-center districts and trusting
Democratic candidates to find the
message that works in those districts
are you worried about too many carrots
running as resistance fighters against
Donald Trump look Tip O'Neill said all
politics is local I think he was right
I'm worried about Democrats trying to
struggle to find a national message that
just doesn't fit with the local
mentalities a good message isn't what
you think people should should say it's
tapping into how they feel and voters
feel differently in Kansas which is a
competitive district versus the west
coast and the East Coast former
congressman and perhaps after last night
former Mets fan Steve Israel thank you
very well
always good to see you thanks thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
