Donald Trump proved tonight that he has
no idea how to buy groceries we believe
that only American citizens should vote
in American elections
which is why the time has come for voter
ID like everything else
voter ID you know if you go out and you
want to buy groceries you need a picture
on a card you need ID you go out and you
want to buy anything you need ID and you
need your picture the man who bases his
immigration policy on his ignorance
about how to buy groceries has 600
children in his custody tonight 600
children who remain tonight separated
from their families after Donald Trump
ordered his zero-tolerance policy on the
southern border a policy which he has
since abandoned and judging by the
president's public comments he has
completely forgotten what he did and has
in his doing to those children on the
southern border and that over 600 of
them are still in Donald Trump's custody
Donald Trump spoke for 62 minutes
tonight in Florida and he did not say
one word about those 600 children who
are still separated from their families
and he had plenty of time to do it it
wasn't exactly a dense policy speech
about his latest attempt to give a huge
new tax break to the rich on a night in
the middle of the summer his mind
actually wandered off to Christmas and
remember I said it's awfully early to be
thinking this but I always think it
remember the attack on Merry Christmas
they're not attacking it anymore
everyone's happy to say Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas that was under seat
should have these big department stores
but I always think it Donald Trump was
always thinking about Christmas he's
always thinking about saying Merry
Christmas and he's never thinking about
the spirit of Christmas just the
department stores he's never thinking
about that infant baby a wanderer with
his mother and father who found a place
to rest in that manger in Bethlehem
Donald Trump's never thinking about him
when he thinks about Christmas and he
never thinks about the children and the
families whose lives he has harmed so
deeply he's never given a thought to
what those babies and toddlers and
children are feeling tonight George
Takei was seized by the federal
government and put in federal custody
when he was five years old George will
join us next and tell the President of
the United States how that feels it's
not an exaggeration to say that the
policies of President Trump and Attorney
General Jeff Sessions may essentially
orphan hundreds of immigrant children
here is an extraordinary moment in a
Senate hearing today when not a single
Trump administration official was
willing to defend Donald Trump's policy
on the southern border that has ripped
families apart who here thinks that zero
tolerance has been a success you can
just raise your hand if you think it's
been a success who thinks that the
family separation policy has been a
success raise your hand during our
discussion now is George Takei an actor
and civil rights activist he and his
family were held in a japanese-american
internment camp during World War two
George please tell us what it felt like
take us back to that time when you were
5 years old and suddenly you were
leaving your home did you know that as
you were leaving your home you were
being seized by the federal government
and sent into federal custody I was too
young to really understand what was
going on
I remember that morning when my parents
got me up very early to get together
with my brother
a year younger and our baby sister still
an infant they dressed us hurriedly and
my brother and I were told to wait in
the living room while my parents did
some last minute packing back in the
bedroom and so the two of us were just
gazing out the front window when
suddenly we saw two soldiers marching up
our driveway
they carried rifles with shiny bayonets
on them they stomped up the porch and
began pounding on the door with their
fists it was a terrifying sound my
father came rushing out and he answered
the door and literally at gunpoint we
were ordered out of our home my father
gave my brother me small packages to
carry and we stepped out and stood on
the driveway waiting for my mother to
come out and when she came out she had
our baby sister in one arm a huge duffel
bag in the other and tears were
streaming down her cheeks I will never
be able to forget that scary horrible
morning when you woke up in the 1st and
camp that you were in I believe you were
in to 1st in Arkansas and then in
California how long did you have any
sense of how long this was going to
become your life well we were first
taken to the horse stables of Santa
Anita racetrack ha ha and from a
two-bedroom home to a smelly it was
still pungent with the smell of horse
manure in the small narrow or horse
stall all five of us squeezed in there
with the cots covering the whole space
that was there and my parents said that
we were going to be here for a while and
this is where the horses used to sleep
and do five year old me I thought it was
it was fun to sleep where the horses
sleep but for my parents it was
a degrading humiliating painful
experience and I had many conversations
with my father after when I was a
teenager and he told me that his that
was one of the most painful experiences
of the whole internment if you could
have a minute with Donald Trump what
would you tell him about what you
believe is happening to these children
who have been now orphaned at the
southern border he has reached a new
historic low with this notion of tearing
children away from their parents and
then putting them and carcere baiting
them into cages and then scattering them
all over I mean it's such pathetic
incompetence now that they are they're
required to reunite the families and
with their parents they can't find the
children they can't match up the
children with with the parents and some
parents have been deported already to
Guatemala or Honduras or El Salvador and
it's the most incompetent administration
and a new low and cruelty in inhumanity
it is really it makes Americans a shame
well what do you make of the fact that
since the policy was reversed and Donald
Trump said a few words about basically
ending that policy that he hasn't said a
word about these children since and and
he can go to Florida tonight talk for 62
minutes he's got over 600 children still
in his custody they are in Donald
Trump's custody and they are lost from
their parents and he does not say one
word about them he doesn't care I mean
he's you know he's got a new outrage two
or three times a day and he's gone from
one to the other and so he's preoccupied
with that and they're out of his mind
already
he Jeff Sessions tried to justify that
by reading the Bible when he announced
the zero tolerance policy this is really
a
of side-down administration just filled
with cruelty and and inhumanity it said
it's makes Americans ashamed George
Takei thank you very much for joining us
tonight and sharing your extraordinary
families experience with us tonight
really appreciate thanks for checking
out our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
