joining me live is Democratic
congressman Adam Schiff ranking member
the House Intelligence Committee which
has been quite busy today with
Facebook's revelation about new attacks
on the midterms elections plus we have a
lot of other news in the mana for trial
thanks for being with me today could be
with you for people who are following
this news as it breaks or may have heard
the top of our show where we had two
very qualified experts disagree on the
level of intensity what does this new
revelation mean about this attack on the
midterms tonight well I think we need to
view this in combination with what we
learned just a week ago from Microsoft
and that is that two of the vectors that
the Russians used in the last election
they appear to be using again that is
and we saw this in both of the Muller
indictments they're using social media
surreptitiously to try to divide
Americans to try to accentuate these
fault lines in our society but they're
also hacking or attempting to hack
political campaigns and we saw Claire
McCaskill as one of the targets of this
and that she was a target the same week
that Donald Trump was evidently saying
publicly that she needed to be defeated
that certainly has an echo of July of
the election year in which Donald Trump
said publicly hey Russians if you're
listening hack Hillary Clinton's emails
because we learned an indictment that on
that date in fact they did try to hack
the Clinton campaign it appears that
they did and listening respectfully to
push you on that he would probably be on
record against the re-election of most
any incumbent Democrat well that's
certainly true but it it also looks like
the Russians may have been listening
when he called for Claire McCaskill's
Oster because the timing again is very
suspicious the timing of that attempted
hack of her campaign took place not
months after he mentioned Claire
McCaskill and it wasn't like there was a
tremendous volume of campaigns that were
the subjective attack according to
Microsoft I think there were only three
and that was one of them so the timing
is certainly suspicious but it looks
like because they've identified similar
actors to the Russian hackers of the DNC
that the Russians are using both of
these modalities hacking of campaign
surreptitious social media again to
influence our elections I also want to
get your report card here on what is a
giant and powerful corporation Facebook
because in ways that no one I think
would have predicted many years ago they
have become a key platform and utility
if you will for how we do democracy and
civic discussion in this country you and
others have been critical in the past I
want to read from how Mark Zuckerberg is
is assessing this tonight security isn't
a problem that you ever completely saw
but we're learning and improving quickly
- and we're vesting heavily to keep
people safe what grade do you give them
and how true does that statement feel to
you given how much more you know than
most of us about all the back room
pressure to get this company to act
responsibly well I think it's still
working progress but I'm pleased that
they came forward with this announcement
today even if they had to a caveat it
and say that we can't definitively say
this was the Russian government but
there are links to this troll farm in
st. Petersburg IRA that's what we need
them to do we need this to be timely
they refer to events that it appears
again that these Russian trolls are
trying to organize in the United States
and victimize real people and get real
people involved in protests or counter
protests without knowing that they the
real world so what does it say to you
that there are the markings or the
overlap at least with Russian operations
what does that say to you about this
attack we're learning about tonight just
what we would expect which is the
Russians aren't going to be so blatant
next time they're not going to use the
exact same IP addresses that can be
traced back to the very same Russian
troll farm they're gonna hide their hand
and face what clearly acknowledges that
in this statement today which means that
Facebook is gonna have to do better
sleuthing but also as Facebook
acknowledges we need to make sure that
our intelligence community is
cooperating and there are channels of
communication with the tech companies
that there's a free flow of information
and I have to say I'm concerned that we
learned from Microsoft about this
attempted hack of these three campaigns
they undoubtedly would have informed the
FBI or the Department of Homeland
Security I would have thought that we
would have been notified in Congress
about this
but none of that happened it didn't go
up through through the food chain there
wasn't the kind of whole-of-government
response that there should be and that
alarms me as we get closer of those
midterms does that relate at all to
leadership or lack thereof from the
Trump administration unquestionably
there are I think very good people at
the mid bureaucracy level who are trying
their best at the department Homeland
Security certainly throughout the
intelligence community and at the top of
the intelligence community but there's
no one at the very top saying that this
is a priority of our administration you
need to work with each other you need to
talk with each other I want periodic
reports instead we got the guy at the
top saying this is all a hoax and a
witch-hunt right which now tonight feels
very real as undercutting something that
is actually relevant to how we choose
well the body that you're in the
Congress
we've gone several minutes congressman
Schiff without discussing Rudy Giuliani
I would like to rectify that by showing
the comments that he made that are both
bizarre in how he did it but relevant in
the sense that he's the lawyer for the
president talking about a potential
meeting that might add culpability take
a look there wasn't another meeting that
has been leaked but hasn't been
published yet okay I was a meeting an
alleged meeting three days before
according to calling according to the
leak he says it was a meeting with
Donald the junior with Jared Kushner
with Paul Manafort with Nate possibly
two others in which they out of the
presence of the president discussed the
meeting with the Russian we checked with
their lawyers the ones we could check
with before the six that meeting
never ever took place didn't happen is
this important anyway and does your
investigation look at whether there were
such meetings that would suggest greater
culpability about this potential
collusion conspiracy well we certainly
tried to look into this but all too
often the majority on our committee was
uninterested in getting the answers so
when witnesses stonewalled us and
refused to answer
the Republicans were unwilling to
subpoena them or compel them so we
weren't allowed to follow the evidence
where was leading but here you have
Giuliani saying okay there was a
pre-meeting and then he quickly corrects
himself an alleged pre-meeting he's all
over the map but I think you can look at
the statements that he's been making
along with the president's confirmation
of the new defense strategy collusion is
not a crime and you can see that plainly
they feel there is evidence that the
president knew in advance that this is
what they're worried about that evidence
is going to come forward the president
knew in advance of the Trump Tower
meeting so they're shifting to a okay
even if there was collusion even if the
president was involved in collusion it's
not a crime but of course the crime is
conspiracy so they're playing a word
game but nonetheless I think this kind
of throw everything you can at the wall
strategy of early Giuliani doesn't
really serve the president's interest
very well but it is telling the only
other point I would make on this is that
I think that they're clearly spooked by
Michael Cohen and they're making the
leaks not Michael Cohen it seems at
least as far as this is concerned and I
have to imagine that they might have
gotten this information if there have
been a joint defense of some kind with
Michael Cohen and these other counsel
that Michael Cohen has now opted out of
because it seems to be they're very
specific about this pre meeting that
they are you know six members or eight
members and they've talked to four of
the six or six of the eight they're
using great many particulars and they
clearly I think want to try to get this
out there and minimize it before Michael
Cohen does but I just don't see that
it's gonna be all that effective a
defense strategy well that's the weird
part Rudy Giuliani's insisting this
dinner never took place but everyone had
sushi shift thanks for being here thanks
Ari hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC
you can see more of our videos right
here or better yet subscribe to our
YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
