I want to save the middle-class you know
the middle class the hedge funds guys
didn't build this country you guys are
just paper around and they get lucky we
will cut taxes for all working in
middle-class households in America I
will never stop fighting for you against
the Washington establishment well you're
back the hard way certainly talked a
good game and nothing says you're
fighting for the little guy of course
then another big tax cut for the rich
and that's exactly what the president's
up to right now according to the New
York Times the Trump administration
wants to bypass Congress and cut capital
gains taxes a move that would
disproportionately benefit the country's
highest earners it would amount to one
hundred million dollar tax hundred
billion dollar tax cut according to some
estimates The Washington Post reports
the Treasury secretary Steve minuchin
has not determined if the move is even
legal however last year Trump signed a
1.5 trillion dollar tax cut I've called
it the Trump Tower tax cuts because as
Politico noted has made corporate
executives even richer while yielding
fewer long-term benefits for the working
people filmer bump rates in The
Washington Post that the president's
engaged in a two-pronged political
strategy the rich get richer the poor
get distracted
he writes that President Trump is a
blue-collar guy who lives in a
gold-plated penikett penthouse he's the
embodiment of the political pitch he
makes obsessed with cultural issues as
the policies he passes benefit his
enormous wealth neither is wealthy nor
his poor supporters seem to care about
the inherent tension in that duality any
more than Trump does from I'm drugged by
Susan page Washington bureau chief for
USA Today now assumes that I've looked
at latest numbers and two people were
progressives or people in the left or
center that they're gonna be really
unhappy to hearing this but 89% of
Republicans think he's helping Trump is
helping the working people out there the
regular income people and 89 percent
think he's helping the rich and doesn't
see the bother them now that's fine
except the Trump talk like the regular
guy he talked about how the people that
build these little businesses and then
the equity boys come in and chop shopped
him and moved the money around they
don't do anything it's the guy in the
garage who builds up the company he or
she should be making the money he talked
right he said just the right stuff the
worker bee should get the money and now
he is now talking about giving a ton of
money another 100 billion the people
that are sitting on coupons you know
it's really the distance
the distribution of the benefit if he
does make this change in tact capital
gains are taxed is really extraordinary
two thirds of the benefits would go to
people who are in the top one-tenth of
one percent of our country it's for
people who make more than seven million
dollars a year in income you know only
three percent and who are living off
stock and well are living off you can
live off stock if you're making if you
that have that kind of money the the
benefits the benefits overwhelmingly go
to so why would the person out there
who's Republican and let's face the
Republican Party's not just millionaires
and billionaires they're not that many
in this country the regular person and
Eyrie or scranton who's making a modest
income if that who's retired
why were they root for Trump to do stuff
like this well the economic theory is
that this would free up some money to do
to have investments that would benefit
the little guy but that is not what
economists predict would happen if you
did this what they predict would happen
would it would exacerbate what we see
already happening which is the rich
getting richer and the poor getting
poorer it's a long-term trend it's not
just a Trump trend it started at about
1980 in a serious way but it would it
would continue that trend in fuel it in
you know in in a new way you know what I
discovered there a lot of Republican
businessmen about they're not I'm into
we're not would we we'd centered
normally if you looked at a bed people
but they don't care what a horse's ass
Trump performs in way he does so with
the often acts the way he talks the
language he is the bullying this stuff
they would never let their kids to never
do themselves they'll put up with all
that embarrassment moral embarrassment
so they get a tax cut and they get
relief on regulation that's what they
really want and they're willing to just
sit by it and watch this guy humiliate
us in this world make these ridiculous
foreign policy decisions make ridiculous
comments about people mock people bully
them as long as they get their piece of
money and that's a pretty sharp
indictment some people of my friends
that might have said they're the
criminals because they want the gravy
from this guy they don't anymore they
don't even bother defending them in
society they just want the stuff he's
given them well you know congressional
Republicans have made a similar bargain
congressional parents generally don't
challenge President Trump because he's
delivering on some of the policies they
care most about like
tax cuts or nominations for the Supreme
Court so that is kind of what the
reasoning is but I talked to some
Republicans on the hill today about this
proposal on the capital gains tax cut
and they say this is a bad political
move for them in the midterms that it
gives Democrats a big tool to use to
talk about how President Trump is not
delivering for working voters including
any kind of exacerbating the problems
that have been raised by the tariffs by
the trade war they're a little too
greedy huh well if four people like
soybean farmers in in Kansas where my
cousin has a soybean farm in Kansas he's
incredibly worried about this trade war
with China or automobile manufacturers
these are people who could get open to
Democratic Appeals in the midterms or
maybe just get discouraged and stay home
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
