after his multiple denials he later said
he couldn't rule out whether her alleged
meeting might have taken place he's
really going in circles
there's no there's no second meeting
here it's highly unlikely I always have
to leave the option open as a lawyer in
case they come across with something
that really startled us or fills some of
the things that we feel are important
I'm sorry no I'm Michael Smith
Washington correspondent for the New
York Times and Paul Butler former
federal prosecutor I want to ask a
journalist question and a legal question
it seems to me that the govern the
United States is now in the hands of a
troika Sean Hannity Rudy Giuliani and
Donald Trump they are the people that
talk to each other they're the ones in
together and this cabal to save his but
it seems like they are they're really
that close you know that's that's the
tongue that's the crew what do you think
when you cover this they talk about what
you saying they're the ones that are
driving the entire thing that Sean
Hannity has a huge hand in this
presidency of course he does but on the
defense of the president on the charges
of recruiting with the Russians they
seem to be backing forth they're
harmonizing their words they're talking
to each other what every couple about
what has been the president's greatest
strength in his defense Fox News and who
has led that Sean Hannity
I mean struck in page text messages are
a cornerstone of that show this is the
FBI agent who sent these text messages
that showed anti-trump bias yeah yeah so
why are you surprised
I'm just glad if that is the door to the
best of my ability mr. Schmidt what I've
come to me is this seems to be the
midnight a Churchill was a Roosevelt
once sent over Harry Hopkins over to
London he said tell me who he speaks the
way after midnight no I we know who he
speaks to after midnight right but but
this is a quantity ensure but this said
to help the United States government
this is a question that people in
Washington have asked that if Fox News
was around during Nixon what would have
happened to Nixon where would public
opinion have been with rabbi course
would he be never have Nixon get off his
back let me get back to the law here for
a second I think we agree on this this
is a very unique kind of koonta that
runs the country right now this this
denial the collusion is a creme we
doesn't use your literally language
because you're a lawyer yes so Rudy's
losing non-lawyer light Laurie
occlusions not a legal term but
conspiracy is
advancing a conspiracy is it makes you a
co-conspirator yes so if you look at the
US federal criminal code there are four
thousand crimes but you won't see
something called collusion you will see
conspiracy and it's got to be a
conspiracy to break a law like computer
hacking or soliciting illegal campaign
contributions we're trying to subvert
the election so when mother is charged
collusion the actual crime has usually
been conspiracy to defraud the United
States which Jared Kushner Don jr. have
exposure to if they knowingly accepted
material support for the campaign from
the Russians so they go to that meeting
at that a meeting before that meeting
when they still went to the Anthony had
deliberation over it that makes it a lot
more serious well it's remix its
reloaded their guns to shoot the parents
remember that case I mean you might be
some deliberation every day reloaded guy
I'm it's a pre-meeting so you only have
a pre-meeting if the actual meeting is a
big deal which makes it even harder to
believe that from senior deed little
roundabout where there was a second
meeting or now why is he playing that
game do you know Michael well the
questions came up about the first
meeting yeah and what they're trying to
do is they're trying to get out in front
as much as they can on this question and
that's what they're doing they think the
only exposure the president has is
public opinion so what they did give it
a soft landing if they put out all the
news about there wasn't meaning that all
right the president may have known about
the meeting blah blah blah
they give it all way before the
prosecutors bringing out they think
that's a softening up for the attack and
when they could get through it well what
other choices do they have they don't
have one in an interview with The Daily
Beast Rudy Giuliani attempted to explain
why he brought up the allegation of
another previously undisclosed campaign
about Russia two or three days before
the infamous Trump Tower meeting took
place according this story quote
Giuliani appeared to blame the Maelstrom
he kicked up one inquisitive New York
Times reporters who he suggests that
compelled him that proactively spent a
potentially damaging story
Julian told The Daily Beast that this
included the papers started true a trump
reporter Maggie Haberman in this
statement however Maggie Haberman told
The Daily Beast we don't talk about
sourcing and would now but I have lost
the thread of what the former mayor is
talking about I think that's pretty good
line for your colleague there but what
this why is Rudy how he spent it really
Jay
spinning the story of two meetings the
second meeting as well as the first
meeting and then saying I'm not saying
there was a second meeting but I want to
talk about a point in fact I'll even
tell you who's that the meeting I think
that I can't even admit occurred I think
that one of the things he struggles with
is the fact that there are so many
fronts that the president has to deal
with
there's the Cohen questions there's the
collusion questions there's the
obstruction questions and if you're
gonna be the lead spokesman for all of
this you need to be very well-versed in
them and be able to fight all of those
questions at the same time he has to
spin out a story that he doesn't believe
so he can show he's aware of what's
coming at him he's under enormous amount
of pressure from the president the
president is obviously incredibly
frustrated with this investigation and
Giuliani is frustrated that he thought
he could come in and bring an end to
this that he could get Muller to you
know just say what's what's the legal
term the courtroom term for a lawyer who
confuses the jury I don't know Rudy
Giuliani a TV lawyer but again the jury
pool sounds like it's a criminal matter
and we know that Robert Muller even if
he finds evidence of a crime Mike Trump
is not going to indict him he's going to
write a report to Congress and then it
will be up to politicians and so Rudy is
making a political argument in the
significance is that trumps real lawyer
and the flood is meeting with Muller and
from the increasing desperation by
Giuliani and Trump
it sounds like Trump's real lawyer is
hearing from Muller that the
investigation is now century on mr.
Trump and so they got to come out with a
defense don't have a criminal defense
but this political defense may be
effective with the Republicans in
Congress how much of this is just a what
is it called reasonable doubt just out
it's a hit the 40% of the country that
likes Trump and their gut and just give
them something to buy like a jury that
wants to acquit a guy they sit down look
at the calculation the only exposure is
impeachment and impeachment is about a
vote in the house and know those votes
are from the people and if you can push
public opinion then you can control that
vote that is their only aim at this
point well Julian also said last night
that the prospect that the president
testify has become a big surprise less
likely and he said the special counsels
probe that would be mowers was not
legitimate let's go with this
given some of the revelations in the
last three or four weeks we've been
driven further away from the idea of
answering any questions from them we
don't think they have a legitimate
investigation do you think they will
subpoena you is there going to be a
constitutional fight well the
constitutional fight I mean I think we
win it
well they win it refused to testify and
the courts will back them up I it will
take a really long time you know one
theory about why the president has not
been subpoenaed the Department of
Justice has a practice that if you're a
target of the investigation they don't
subpoena you so if President Trump has
evolved from a subject which means he's
just being investigated to someone who
the investigation is centering on they
wouldn't subpoena him because he
wouldn't have the Fifth Amendment on
this side yeah he could he could take
the fifth but again their practices if
we're gonna charge you with a crime then
it's not fair for us to come in and
expect you to talk to every president
can't be indicted can a president still
take the fifth just for his own public
PR yes because even under the Justice
Department guidelines he can't be
indicted while sitting in office but
after he's removed from office he could
be charged with the claim it's a
political problem if he takes the fifth
it gets out that the president could
legitimately vestigation then we're back
to this so much bs going on here it's
they can say anything haven't we learned
that it's a little confusing I agree
with Maggie Haberman
I can't I've lost the threat of the
defense amid all these developments
Trump's allies in the media he has some
I've been escalating their attacks on
the Special Counsel more let's watch
some of the Trump Ian's go to war
against the well against the prosecutors
and it
yeah the prosecutors because the Special
Counsel is leaking left and right
behaving like nothing so much as a as a
prosecutor he is more if you will Minoo
he's on a jihad of some sort and it's an
ideological II inspired jihad so we are
now four hundred thirty nine days into
the Trump Russia collusion witch-hunt
and still nothing zero evidence that
Donald Trump for his campaign did
anything wrong it is the worst example
of political persecution in US history I
don't know what do you make of it is
that logic I mean
last indictment of the Russians which
said it wasn't just some vacant Spira
see to subvert democracy but in fact the
Russians work with unnamed Trump
officials to try to get Donald Trump
elected president so the Russians put
their hand in our national political
operation doesn't sound like a
witch-hunt or politics it sounds like
national security hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
