Donald Trump's former campaign chairman
Paul Manafort is on trial today and it's
already moving at lightning speed the
metaphoric trial is the first criminal
trial in the Muller investigation it
will offer the public a glimpse at the
evidence gathered against metaphor and
as the New York Times reports it could
also create the squeeze on man afford to
cooperate with Muller on the broader
investigation into Russian collusion
with the Trump campaign
The Times reports quote the subtext
whether mr. Manafort knew about Russian
efforts to influence the election and
whether the threat of conviction could
lead him to cooperate with the special
counsel Robert S Mulliken and defense
but on the White House as well among the
Americans charged so far by mr. Miller's
prosecutors Mr Man afford not only held
the highest position in mr. Trump's
campaign but he also arguably has the
deepest connections to Russia aligned
politicians and political forces we
should point out that the men afford
trial commences on the very same day
that Donald Trump is changing his tune
on the question of Russian collusion
breaking with his near daily refrain of
no collusion no collusion to the message
first trotted out by allies the
collusion in and of itself is not a
crime and at this hour in the mana Ford
trial opening statements are underway
days ahead of schedule here to talk
about that NBC's Ken Delaney and outside
the courthouse in Alexandria Virginia
former US attorney and FBI official
Chuck Rosenberg now an MSNBC contributor
here with us on set White House reporter
for the AP of Helsinki Fame
Jonathan levere Matt Miller a former
chief spokesman at the Justice
Department and MSNBC political analyst
at least Jordan can delay nian take us
through the day's events I understand
you've caught some snippets of the
opening statements and really detail for
me for our viewers how the pressure is
bearing down on Paul Manafort
to do as the New York Times describes
maybe get squeezed and become someone
who could be more useful to Robert
Miller it really is Nicole as I left the
courtroom just now or the overflow room
the defense was deep into its opening
statement the prosecution had finished
their opening statement and look this is
a dry case about tax evasion and bank
fraud but hanging over it is this
enormous
pressure that you can almost feel on
Paul Manafort he must be spending
millions of dollars on this case he's
got a team of expensive defense lawyers
he's wearing a suit in court but we know
that he's going to sleep tonight in the
Alexandria Jail in a prison green
jumpsuit and he's facing 10 years in
prison in this case another 15 in
another case in DC the case just looks
overwhelming I mean the government said
that they had two dozen witnesses and a
hundred documents and and they're going
they essentially portrayed a story of
greed and lies they essentially say that
Paul Manafort
you know reaped some 60 million dollars
for his work for the Sucre nyun oligarch
had it paid through foreign bank
accounts so that he could avoid fifteen
million dollars in taxes and then when
the spigot turned off in 2014 when
viktor yanukovych his patron fled to
russia he started milking banks
allegedly the government says committing
bank fraud and continued to commit tax
fraud now what what was interesting to
me it was what was the defense going to
say because it doesn't seem like they
have much to say but the defense is
hanging its hat on trying to impugn rick
gates who was a man for its right-hand
man and turned state's evidence against
him is cooperating will testify against
him and they're essentially trying to
portray him as a star witness who cut a
deal to save his own skin the
interesting thing about that Nichole is
that there already was a massive
indictment filed against a man affording
gates before gates flipped so the
government's position was we didn't need
rick gates to make this case against
Paul Manafort and they're and they're
saying this case doesn't rest on any one
particular witness Manta Ford's defense
allure also tried to argue that if there
was tax evasion it wasn't willful he
didn't mean to sign a false tax return
and that's gonna be a key issue in this
trial the goal I'm Chuck Rosenberg I'm
old enough to remember when a political
scandal was something that included tax
fraud bank fraud and immense greed but I
guess times have changed with the Donald
Trump presidency can you take us through
your analysis that whether Robert
Muller's investigators and prosecutors
are ultimately able to convict Paul
Manafort or not they will still be able
to compel testimony from him I think
that's right now look it's always easier
Nicole when somebody pleads guilty and
cooperates
as Rick Gates did but even if mr. Madoff
Ford is convicted at trial and I fully
expect he will
by the way it is as Ken said a very very
strong case if he's convicted at trial
they can compel him to testify against
others they can immunize him meaning
they could strip away his Fifth
Amendment privilege after conviction
believe it or not they could even do it
after an acquittal so the government has
a number of paths open to it to compel
man afford to testify if he doesn't
change his mind and plead guilty and
cooperate at this point with opening
statements being delivered in federal
court in Alexandria it seems like he's
going the long route and will not
cooperate but there are options
available to the government and Matt
Miller one of the things that's been
beaten atomy in the time of Trump is my
faith in coincidences and serendipity
Donald Trump trotting out a new line on
the question of collusion that it is in
and of itself not a crime do you think
it's a coincidence that the Manafort
trial is underway that the cohen tapes
have been seized that they include
recordings the cohen is talking about
whether or not Donald Trump might have
had some knowledge of that Trump Tower
meeting which we know is at the center
of Robert Miller's obstruction of
justice investigation and the collusion
questions no I don't think it's a
coincidence at all I don't think it's
just about Paul Manafort but I think
there are now two potential witnesses in
play against the president one is in New
York Michael Cohen who could cooperate
against him in this both the Southern
District New York investigation and the
Robert Moeller investigation we've seen
leaks about what he might have to say
there and the others Paul Manafort at
this point it seems like Paul Manafort
has chosen the other path he's really
for a long time had two ways out of what
what is the likely outcome if he doesn't
cooperate which is spending the rest of
his life in jail one way is to cooperate
with prosecutors and get a reduced
sentence the other is to wait and hold
out and not testify and even if the
snare that Chuck laid out comes to
fruition where he's convicted and later
is compelled by a subpoena to testify
just to be held in contempt and hold
that to the last dying moment because
he's waiting for a pardon from Donald
Trump I think that's the scenario he
that's the strategy it's a pardon
doesn't he still have to share
everything he knows doesn't he still
have to cooperate with the investigation
if he were pulled into a grand jury so
he had and ordered to testify and given
immunity where I couldn't exercise the
Fifth Amendment he would have to but I
think there's always a difference
between a witness who comes in and
wants to cooperate because they know
there's some value in their cooperation
in terms of reduced sentence and a
witness who comes in and conveniently
just can't remember what the difference
between like a Mike Flynn who son was
also embroiled and he's gonna be more
helpful because he's waiting for
something on the backend yeah that's
right
Elise Jordan I want to remind everyone
just how highly Donald Trump jr. thought
of Paul Manafort around the time at the
convention when the Republican platform
was changed
there's a reason Paul's in the position
that he is today and Laurie's not and
it's not because Paul's amateur hour
it has nothing to do with that I think
it's nonsense I've heard that other
people asked oh is the family on the
outs with Paul total nonsense you know
we couldn't be more happy with the work
that he's doing the way he's tackling
these things the way he's handling the
organization of everything going forward
he's done a phenomenal job
I wish we had him on earlier I wish we
had him on earlier and and just you know
Robert Muller's interest in the
relationship between Donald Trump and
Paul Manafort
these are from the questions that were
published earlier this year robert
muller wants to know what knowledge the
president had of any outreach by his
campaign including by Paul Manafort to
Russia about potential assistance to the
campaign I think that you can't
overstate the importance that Paul
Manafort had in securing the Republican
nomination rev Donald Trump you've got
to remember that at the time when Paul
Manafort entered the campaign Donald
Trump had just lost in Wisconsin and his
shaky operation had no organizational
apparatus where they were going to
actually secure the delegates that were
needed so that he would actually get the
nomination and not have a contested
convention and actually Paul Manafort
did a quite a good job of quelling the
uprisings it's a good point because at
the time Ted Cruz was still alive and
there were talks about collusion between
the Cruz campaign Akkad's the campaign
to deny him of of those delegates I want
to just bring this back to this big
Russia question I mean it's it's again
not a coincidence that Paul Manafort was
on the dole for Russians he wasn't
working for people in the Middle East he
you know it always comes back to
Russians and here's Jeremy bash on our
program at the time he said this he blew
my mind but it seems more possible today
that Jeremy was on to something it's
possible that Russia actually sent and
dispatched Paul man afford to the Trump
campaign or at least that once Paul
Manafort attached himself to the Trump
campaign
the Russian said okay our agent is now
on the inside and that they tried to
manipulate the campaign not just through
propaganda not just through Russia today
but also through agents of influence so
when he said that I was watching
homeland and I thought oh my god this is
like the useful idiot episode but
they're of course Republican senator but
what do you make of the possibility it
certainly seems possible I mean at this
point it would be hard to rule anything
out
I'm a man affords links to Russia or so
deep and have been for so long and
there's certainly lots of dark corners
and shadows in that story and you know
he remember he worked for free for
Donald Trump nothing is very nothing is
for free and that you know he we know
that there's been reporting he owed
quite a bit of money to some people back
overseas it is certainly as pointed out
in the beginning of the block here
Russia is not on trial here but Russia's
risks routing this whole thing and it is
we all I think we all agree there's no
such thing as a coincidence right now
and there's been a steady drumbeat this
last few days you start with Giuliani
and now we see the president today
talking about collusion is not a crime
but that has been their argument
throughout that there was no collusion
no collusion no collusion and of course
the crime is conspiracy well that's been
sort of well-established but yet that's
not the argument they're making now this
is again they're not fighting a legal
sense they're fighting in public
relations and they are obviously
concerned I mean there's so much news
every day it's easy to lose track of
just who Paul Manafort was I mean the
John Jr clip is is illuminating I mean
he ran the convention he did as you said
he beat back a real effort to steal the
nomination from Trump in Cleveland that
we remember being on the floor and being
people were fascinating where that was
going to go at the time and he ran this
campaign and yes it was only for only
for a few months but his role here can't
be overstated and he is now on trial
just a few miles from the White House
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
