all right Pete hits runs and errors I
know the opening statements rick gates
is sort of the man in the middle here
the best witness for the prosecution and
the person that the defense wants to
discredit what did you learn from all of
this so far and throw in the tad divine
testimony well just remember this is the
first time since last October since Paul
Manafort was first arrested and charged
in the District of Columbia that we have
ever heard the nature have his defense
now that's a point worth elaborating on
for a moment remember all the filings so
far from his lawyer have been to
discredit Robert Muller and say he
shouldn't have been bringing this case
he was wrongly appointed he was wrongly
given the task he went outside his Lane
in prosecuting metaphor so today for the
first time we heard his defense and his
defense lawyer Thomas zenlea said that
manna Ford is here because of one man
but it's not who you think he says that
one man as you noted is Rick gates
Rick gates is the one who was in charge
of filing the tax returns handling the
operational matters he's the one he that
zenlea says who hid the income from the
IRS and he said for the first time we've
never heard this before that Gates was
embezzling money from the lobbying firm
that he had men afford worked for and
ran he also says that it wasn't manna
Ford's idea on how the payments from
Ukraine would be structured now we've
known before that the government said
that it's not like they wrote it that
Viktor Yanukovych wrote a check to Paul
manna for that instead Yanukovych is
supporters other as the prosecution says
Ukrainian oligarchs deposited the money
in bank accounts in Cyprus and then they
were transferred to mana forts accounts
also in Cyprus and eventually used the
prosecution says to buy luxury goods and
bill a buy and and do work on properties
here in the US they also say that that
that whole scheme was the idea of the
Ukrainian oligarchs because they did
they don't have federal election
commission rules they did not want it
known his defense lawyer said whom they
were supporting so that's why they
sort of a third party way so we heard
for the first time the nature of the
defense hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more me to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
