look at Chicago what the hell is going
on in Chicago I don't know what they're
doing in Chicago tap this vide what the
hell is going on in Chicago this is the
story of America's third largest city
deafness many shootings this is not like
it's the United States of America and
how it became a punching bag for a
president vote for Donald Trump
fix it for the next hour our special
report on the cycle of violence and
trauma in the city of Chicago PTSD is is
off that off the charts
trying to understand the causes we're
here you ain't nobody killed somebody
trying to find the solution even if the
guns are here someone has to pull the
trigger and our job is to get them not
to pick the gun this is all in America
Chicago crime was actually down this
year in the city of Chicago shootings
were down burgers were down no one can
say for certain why that is though it is
obviously good news but better numbers
are only so much comfort when you are
talking about more than 600 people dying
we spent this year trying to understand
the very real crisis of violence in
Chicago returning to the city again and
again to talk to the people who actually
live there people suffering as a result
of the violence and people trying to do
something to stop it through the
reporting and analysis will bring you
tonight I hope we can at least add some
context to the discussion of a city I
love a place so much more vibrant and
complicated than what the president
reduces it to what the hell is going on
in Chicago what the hell is happening
there
Chicago is out of control this is not
like it's the United States of America
what the hell is going on in Chicago
attacking the city of Chicago has always
been a big hit with Donald Trump's rally
crowds more than 3,000 people have been
shot in Chicago since January first
that's like worse than the war-torn
nations that you're looking at that's
worse than Afghanistan give Donald Trump
a chance I will fix it what do you have
to lose
when he became president the people of
Chicago became his constituent but it
didn't change the way he talked about
them you tweeted about the murder rate
in Chicago saying if Chicago doesn't fix
the horrible carnage going on
I will send in the feds he will send in
the feds what do you mean by carnage it
is carnage
it's horrible carnage this is
Afghanistan is not like what's happening
in Chicago I want them to fix the
problem this is a warning I want them to
straighten out the problem it's a big
problem it sounded to a lot of people in
the city like a threat of invasion raise
your hand if when you hear set into the
feds you feel that feels ominous that
feels like a threat a few weeks after
that presidential ultimatum we held a
town hall of the South Shore cultural
center in Chicago knowing just how
complex the situation in the city is
that if we did one of these town halls
every night for an hour for 365 nights
there would still be five years worth of
shows to do before we scratch the
surface of what's going on in Chicago
there was no simple takeaway from the
Town Hall but what was evident in that
room was that emotions were running very
high please listen to me everyone there
cares deeply about what is happening in
the city the unemployment rate is the
highest in Chicago than it is around the
country we just want to talk about
violence you got to talk about the
economics not police the trauma that
folks are seeing inside the home but
also the repeated exposure to violence
in streets people are wound up and
traumatized I know I have PTSD is just
off the off the charts and is just know
helpless in a city the people in this
room feel like they have PTSD they
personally feel trauma raiser let me
talk to you Richard you're wearing you
were in the button of someone on your
yeah he was two of two people I lost
within a week span I have to acknowledge
why there's so much tension in this room
is because people are hurting I'm joined
now by MSNBC national reporter Tremaine
leave who's been reporting on Chicago
for us all year Laura Washington
longtime colonists of Chicago sun-times
Jamal green found
the youth organization majesty all-stars
he joined us to the town hall in
February you saw him in the clip there
as did dimitri roberts former chicago
police officer who was also there at the
town hall and grew up on the city's
south side you know when the president
said that sending the feds thing those
three days into his administration and
you there was something he may be still
in campaign mode but he's doing it a
year in I mean he's the president of the
president of Chicago Chicago he he uses
Chicago as a bully pulpit as a whipping
boy it has three reasons for that one
because it's a major Democratic
stronghold in this Democratic Party City
number two is the city of Mayor Rahm
Emanuel who he is made an archenemy and
it's very very mutual feeling number
three because it's a majority-minority
City because it's a city of people of
color and those are those are none of
those folks are his friends the other
thing is we he's shift he's put the
resources in places that he's mentioned
in the context of Chicago but he has not
shifted the resources to Chicago to
actually address the problem what do you
mean by that well he talks about
Afghanistan you know if we look at how
much money has been shifted to the
southeast and Asian regions and we look
at how much money and how much of the
national budget has been focused on the
problems in Chicago with the American
people then we got some real statistic
to look at and really hold Donald Trump
to some of his campaign promises about
bringing change and it's true that was
it should be clear that was a campaign
promise right we're spending all this
money abroad we should be building up
back here America first I mean Chicago
is part of America if you want to do a
better cooker right but he's looking at
us like we're different country all
right so what I understand is why
Chicago is even at his mouth yeah
especially especially when he's never
he'd haven't even walked these
neighborhoods he's happy even yeah so at
the end of the day I'm a community
activists that work with these families
every single day I know what's going on
I know what's going on with the schools
with mental health with the politics
that's are corrupting us in Chicago all
president Trump has to do is call us and
say let's do a tour all right you want
it this is an open tour opening
invitation right now for Donald Trump to
say to call up community activists to
say let's walk around the city of
Chicago and figure out what's the
problem let's figure out the Trump
let's figure out education how we can
replace the politicians that we have
there so say one thing is clear though
Chris there's no mistake in this
messaging Chicago is something different
it's a shorthand like cam didn't meet
Roy it's dysfunctional it's dangerous
and it's dark and the myth-making that's
going into this it's not by mistake and
he just perpetuating it to send a
message to a certain segment of his
supporters but also more broadly outside
of his supporters America writ large
outside of these major cities it's it
feels like it feels like the city of
Chicago among many other places in
America is kind of written out of the
story of who the we is right it's
written into the story but it's just
written in the wrong way right right
we're putting the people of Chicago in
the context of foreigners of people that
are our enemies of people that don't
deserve killing each other and they're
killing each other who are they they are
American people who in some cases went
out to vote for you and now are needing
and wanting your full support to help
make Chicago and turn Chicago and put
Chicago in the highlight of the greatest
city in the in the nation that it is
this is part of his strategy he wants to
show the American cities are really not
part of the world these folks are the
other these are the people who you don't
who don't deserve your support and
that's how he campaign that way but does
it surprise you a year in I mean we're
just talking about a few weeks ago he's
doing the exact same riff because how
does it surprise you that he's still as
the president knighted States is the man
who represents all those two million
folks they still talk to me because he
doesn't really believe he represents
those folks he's holding tight to the
folks that elected him and those he'll
talk all day long about how he's very
popular in the polls among among that
group that he's still campaigning as
though he were still in a presidential
race because I don't think he knows how
to be president it does surprise me to
answer your question because it's
somebody who is a who has served in a
public capacity in a civil role and also
grew up in the same city it surprises me
that in most cases we see politicians go
through a campaign cycle say a lot of
rhetoric and you know hype up their base
but then they transition into saying I'm
really here to help people and at the
end of the day we want to help people
and Riaan still some of the values and
principles that this country were
founded on and we just don't see that
from this president right and the
reality is
Chris these are regular people in these
communities that actually need some help
right all right and the fact is he is
the president whether we don't like it
or not and so he should do his duty as a
president to actually come in sit with
community leaders use federal funds to
help us fund some of these things in the
neighborhoods that are so vulnerable all
right our education system is broken we
have 3,500 people that were shot this
year so while the numbers are down from
last year there's still a problem here
all right my own personal theory about
part of the president's beef of Chicago
at least part of it has to do with what
happened in the heat of that 2016
campaign
just days before the Illinois primary
Donald Trump scheduled a rally in the
city of Chicago
thousands of organized protestors showed
up and Trump suddenly canceled the event
mr. Trump just arrived in Chicago and
after meeting with law enforcement has
determined that for the safety of all
the tens of thousands of people that
have gathered in and around the arena
tonight's rally will be postponed until
another day inside the venue
pandamonium
and in one indelible moment a young
activist named Jedediah Brown rushed the
empty stage he told us about that day at
a town hall we held in Chicago we saw
what campaign with donald trump's
campaign was going all across the
country we seen black bodies being
pushed around we see we saw people
getting punched in the face and i didn't
shut down his rallies chicago did
campaign to come and i see there beyond
challenge he'll be stopped Trump never
successfully held a rally in Chicago
instead he attacked the city constantly
it was his threat to send in the feds
that brought us there the Town Hall
Trump into the city of Chicago I don't
know what means when you say bringing
the players the back-and-forth the tort
of war that doesn't mean anything to the
most vulnerable people you have a lot of
people who are committed to the city and
to making it a better place to live many
of them are here tonight in this room
there are a lot of people in this room
to do a lot of great work on the ground
that had the heartbeat of this
neighborhood Jedediah Brown met me again
last month in Chicago we got a chance to
talk about the Town Hall and what came
after that is probably the first time a
lot of us have been in the same space
together all the different having
advocates and perspectives all the
people who are frustrated all the people
who are fighting for calls and fighting
each other in causes we're all in the
same space it was intense
there was also just a lot of palpable
trauma in that room people really have
been through it many people have lost
people close to them save their
survivors themselves there's a lot of
absolutely and I'm no stranger to the
realities of depression or PTSD a lot of
the times you're dealing with your own
need to survive in this environment and
then you have to as an advocate I'm
responding to death and crisis and
poverty and pain every single day you're
kind of going autopilot but it affects
you there's no way that you'll see the
amount of death
in the city and not be effective and one
of the biggest things for that Town Hall
is that it finally gave the everyday
Chicago was a voice people were were
starved to get it out that's right it
was that was a room full of people
crying for help
three days after the Town Hall Jedediah
Brown himself was crying for help every
relationship I had I lost it because I
was too busy fighting for y'all really
lost because of y'all
so sorry
this is my first time looking at Lake
Michigan and this very spot since that
day
I drove my car right down to the to the
side of where land ends and i sat there
contemplating taking my life and driving
it today I had my foot on the brake the
car and drive and my gun and my my
intent was to shoot and be another
in the police came police came and they
had these two militarized police
vehicles that had pretty much cornered
me where I was at unleash a driver
actually Ram the car both sides what do
you think I you know so many things went
through my head and it was very intense
for me because I had on one end I'm
ready to give up on life and then the
other hand and go these police again I
got a fight I got a fight fight them
back because in there and that that that
just really highlights the intensity
between the disconnect between the
community and the police and I thought
he'd I'm gonna kill myself with they're
gonna kill me so he really really
intensified got everything that I was
dealing with at that moment
there's a lot of mental illness that is
an undergoing unaddressed in our
community because it's so tight it's
tight but we don't talk about it and I
and I've had my own stand I'm glad I
went through because now I recognize
it's okay to get out when there's so
many people that I was classified as
ticking time bombs because they don't
know it's okay to have someone to talk
to
you're living below the poverty line
you're seeing dead bodies throughout
your entire summer your family members
are being killed your government is not
responding to your knees it is okay to
say I need help people that have money
and privilege in America they get they
get a lot of mental health support and
not not going through 1/10 of 1/100 of
other kind of experiences and traumas
you feel on the south side yeah they can
afford it too they can afford it they
got the time and that's one you know
that's the thing that that pains me
about Chicago it's The Tale of Two
Cities my Chicago doesn't get that help
but there's a whole nother Chicago that
gets all the help and the resources that
they need when we return our special
reports from Chicago on the epidemic of
trauma the prevalence of guns and the
cycles of retaliation who's ever a
moment you you know fear for your own
life
every day today
it's Siddeley right here
the people in this room feel like they
have PTSD they personally feel trauma
raise your hand if you feel like almost
everyone that room knew someone lost to
gun violence and most were still living
in the neighborhoods under the perpetual
for have danger the effect this has on
people is the subject of our first
report from Tremaine Lee in the city in
trauma
you heard gunshots that sounded like and
I like the pack of firecrackers and
somebody dropping by your feet that's
how close they found it and then they
left very last shot the window shatters
when the bullet hit she didn't make a
sound on whimper or cry she didn't say
anything that's why I didn't know she
was hit it's just a split second I wake
up every day thinking is hoping it's a
dream but it's not it's been one month
yeah I've now heard of my daughter's
voice I've been able to touch her see
our dads across my floor is there's so
many things
Nakia Williams lost her 11 year old
daughter on Chicago's South Side
Takaya was struck and killed by a stray
bullet as she sat inside a minivan
outside the drycleaners where her mom
worked her little brother Jakari
was in the car yeah your three roles was
there and witness all this have you seen
a change in him dramatic change
difference is attitude his behavior
everything he's different
I'll put him in counseling
I have no choice because I don't know
what's going on his he I don't know what
he's thinking are we doing enough to
adjust trauma in this city no dr. Brad
stole back of the University of Chicago
has spent more than 35 years treating
trauma and kids there's a great need for
all of us to say well they're so young
that it didn't really affect them it
does affect them and even very very
young children who don't have a
conscious memory that they could put
into words of something they've been
through it's it's in there and it does
affect them they oftentimes feel like
they're going crazy because they're
having these reactions in their bodies
that are like they're back there in that
situation and they don't necessarily put
that together that that's what's
happening
much of the violence is really driven by
untreated trauma two of the ways that
people often deal with that are to use
substances to manage their emotions and
to carry weapons in order to feel safe
both of those things are going to
increase the risk for them being harmed
again or for them doing harm to somebody
else the our organization is trying to
help traumatized families and
communities in Chicago but the sheer
number of people needing help is
staggering so I've been with Chicago
survivors since November 2015 and so
since then I've been able to serve 153
families hundred fifty-two families yes
sir
I never seemed enormous it is but it's a
reflection of what's happening in our
city Deshawn Hills brother was murdered
in 2008 now a family Support Specialist
she helps others heal when you go into
these communities is there a sense that
everyone is traumatized in some way I
mean it's hard to say that they are not
because it's not it's not like every
time I do an assessment with someone
that they don't express to me that
they've experienced some level of trauma
may not have been directly in the
intermediate family but they know a
friend they know a neighbor they know
someone who's closely connected they may
have been at their church and
post-traumatic stress disorder is
I mean it's through the fabric of the
urban community more than 600 people
were shot and killed in Chicago this
year mostly on the south and west sides
it feels like everyone here has lost
someone do you feel like you're
traumatized it takes a toll on a person
you know when things like that happen
you know especially when your kids
wasn't bad kids you know and something
that gonna happen you know just like
tear a hole in your heart the Campbells
have lived in this West Englewood
neighborhood for 20 years they've raised
three children here a daughter and two
sons
they've lost both sons
gun violence are there moments that are
harder than other times a whole lot of
yeah I feel a lot of boys on the street
resemble my children and uh you know
that tears me up there when I see people
doing things with they sure their sons
and that kind of gets me to I feel like
you have your good days and you have
your bad days you know you have some
days where you wake up and it's like
this is all that you can think about
right
the campbells worry constantly about
raising a new generation of young black
men in this city like last night or at
94 less me my son was sitting in the
front room I told him I was like he was
sitting at the he was sitting by the
window and I was just like Wilson sit on
the couch over there by the wall you
know it's just like it's just really
small things do you feel restricted that
you can't move the way you want to move
I feel enclosed and there is bad
memories in house I feel like I should
go outside and play but I can't sense
his fairness outside this is terrible
like the feeling that I have to be
scared to just walk to the store go
outside of my friends or go play
basketball is it hard
yes what was the hardest part
well I let her take care my little
sister I got protective and those will
be hard because an excruciatingly
dangerous hmm I'm just gonna be safe
let's get everything any little noise
makes me nervous that's how bad it's
gotten anything makes me nervous and I
knew he used to be like oh I'm not
scared or nothing
but now let's get everything after her
11 year old daughter was killed
Nakia williams fears for her young son
growing up on the south side of Chicago
I feel like I gotta get away I feel like
I have to raise my son still I need to
get away none of this is wrong this
can't be life because this is it's not
normal
yes well I'll take care my little sister
I got protective be hard because an
excruciatingly dangerous safe I'm back
here with the panel and I want to start
with you Tremaine cuz that piece of
reporting is incredible and you know one
of the things you talk keep talking
about violence and becomes this kind of
trope or almost cliche about violent
inner cities but the reality of what it
means for people emotionally spiritually
and psychologically is that little
incidents of violence have this
incredible ripple effect that that you
really sort of traced in that piece I
think in the in the big picture there's
this shameful acceptance of black
suffering in America because we suffered
every step along the way so it seems
normal one of the people try to go about
their everyday lives try to go to school
try to go to church try to be with your
families but piece by piece that's taken
from folks and the burden that spread
across the entire community of black
death and black pain and losing a mother
losing a son you see that young man with
the tears crumbling down his cheeks and
you can only imagine what direction his
life could go right because when you
traumatize you create other trauma you
respond by carrying weapons in yourself
medicating or in a household like that
family where every around every corner
in every bedroom there's hurt and pain
depression and sadness what did you do
with that here's what pisses me off
about this Chris we have the national
blueprint to fix this problem after 15
years of continuous war and engagement
one thing that this country has done
right is reinvesting PTSD research
medication and doctors into fixing the
problem of our returning wounded
warriors so we have the national
blueprint but for some reason we forget
the fact that at the end of the day we
all bleed the same you know and that's
what we need to be focused on and that's
what we need to be focusing salut
to really fix this national problem
because this is not just in Chicago this
is throughout most urban environments
particularly those where you have
under-resourced people and folks that
have dealt with the unfortunate other
side of bad issues and social economic
problems that have gotten them to this
point one thing that is important to me
is mental health when I work in these
neighborhoods I went through it coming
up
I saw people being shot as I was coming
up and my life could have took a totally
different Road that it took but I end up
changing my life and going until the
route that I really wanted to go but the
youth that I mentor every week they are
going through depression I don't call it
PTSD I call it CTS D it's continuous and
then we look to our leaders to actually
figure out ways to solve this problems
and what do we get we get the mayor who
shut down all of the mental health
facilities in the urban communities we
get no funding for schools to have
clinical staff to deal with these issues
when the students need some help in
school and so what happens they go to
the street and just as Jermaine said it
creates more trauma there's not an
expectation that people of color in
urban communities deserve or or are even
prepared to accept these kinds of
resources you mentioned PTSD yes so
those are returning soldiers we are not
looked upon as people who deserve these
support and that's why the mental health
clinics were shut down well you know we
can do without it and part of it I think
is some responsibility we have to take
for ourselves and that we have been
tried to be too strong we've tried to
say we're going to buck up we've
suffered so much we can get through this
too instead of realizing and I think as
you pointed on your piece I think some
folks are beginning to realize that we
do need these disguises but there's
nothing shameful about this this is
something we deserve it is something the
community deserve you know it's it
always strikes me one of the biggest
inequalities in American life is exactly
access to mental health resources I mean
if you move around elite America
everybody's in therapy everybody has
multiple serious lis the amount of
mental health resources that are
directed at people in the top 1% the top
10% people of affluence and means when
they have to deal with things that go
wrong in their life or car
crash a pregnancy that was terminated
whatever it is that that they you know
they have that access and people that
are living through some of the most
traumatic experiences you can in America
have essentially no access to not right
and I think so as we look at this from a
solution space perspective folks in the
viewing audience look at this and they
say well what can we do this seems so
far removed from you know my narrative
or where I am or my place in life or in
the community and what they can do is
support people like J mall because what
they can do is support organizations
that are going out as we've seen it's
remains piece that are that are focused
on fixing these efforts in the community
and there are some folks in Chicago who
are working specifically on on mental
health on dealing with with trauma
specifically there are so many folks on
the front lines who are responding in
the immediacy of the crisis in the
trauma and when the gunshots ring out
and that pain starts to ripple
immediately their folks who are going
door to door sitting with those families
sitting with the children the mothers
unfortunately so much weight ends up
being on the shoulders of the matriarch
sand patriarchs of these families who
lose one two sons a grandson but they're
also when you go door to door neighbor
to neighbor they're all experiencing
that but thankfully in a city like
Chicago and in a Philadelphia in a
Camden in Detroit people are out there
every single day trying to not only
bring attention to it but heal it when
we come back more of Tremaine Lee is
reporting for Chicago this year how the
shocking number of shootings in the city
or even possible maybe you can walk to
any one of these doors yet man about gun
anywhere
corner store that's how easy getting
yeah it's not the guns just everywhere
everybody know where to get him yeah but
nobody get him if I know where to get on
that police no idiot
in 2016 shootings in Chicago suddenly
spiked in less than three thousand
people were shot in 2015 more than 4,000
and 2016 this year shootings are down
they're still higher than they were back
in 2015 before that big spike Tremaine
Lee went back to Chicago this summer to
take a closer look at gun violence and
found that in trying to understand why
there are so many shootings in Chicago
you have to first understand how there
are so many shootings you walk to any
one of these doors here man about gun
anywhere any way corner store that's how
easy it yeah exactly guns just
everywhere everybody know where to get
them yeah but know what again I'm at if
I know it again I'm at police nobody
no one knows for sure just how many guns
are on the streets of Chicago police can
only say how many they've taken off the
streets eight thousand of them in 2016
but shootings were still up that year
way up more than 4,000 people shot
nearly 700 dead someone is shot in the
city almost every other hour was ever a
moment you you know fear for your own
life every day today
Neil Snowden and Jamel Lloyd were raised
on the south side of Chicago well the
first time you picked up a gun probably
like 10 trying to be like everybody
other but nice people with the nice
stuff that I see with the one yeah and I
saw why they needed the gun so I felt I
needed one and a gun is a easy way to
make yourself popular why not
that's what everybody look up to the
person with the gun the person who can
do the work that's a that's a form of
power wearing in you ain't nobody killed
somebody
Joe Washington grew up on these streets
he survived being shot six times a
former gang member and convicted felon
he's now trying to stop kids from
turning to violence when we came along
it wasn't like you know soon from across
the street it was it was you know you
get your man you know or whatever you
know that's how I came along now it's
what my industry is this is you know
they shoot from way over there and they
hidden innocent people man is crazy
with thousands of guns on the streets
individual disputes turn deadly fast
what starts as a beef between two people
often ends with five six seven people
dead leaving entire neighborhoods in
Chicago trapped in a bloody cycle of
retaliation two years ago in August a
member of a South Side gang is shot
found dead in his car retribution came
in October a drive-by shooting of a
rival gang member his mother was left
badly injured in the retaliation
shooting for that a 90 'roger was killed
in the crossfire and then Tyshawn Lee
murder of Tyshawn Lee has sickened
people across the country on Lee's death
touched not only the city of Chicago but
the entire nation lling new developments
in the execution-style murder of
nine-year-old Tyshawn Lee he was nine
years old nine years old nine years old
and it got caught up with his daddy's
activities you know in the streets and
you know that was a new kind of killing
to me you know
foz somebody killing a kid like that
Tyshawn Lee was deliberately targeted he
was lured into an alleyway and executed
no look boy gets shot seven times on
accident that's not an accident that's
the execution it's not an excavated
police say a rival gang killed tyshaun
to get back at his father say Sean's
father has ties to a certain gang that
is in conflict with another gang we
believe that this is the result of that
gang violence
Tyshawn father promised no retribution
there will be no retaliation I lost my
son is the end of it but he is now in
jail charged with shooting three people
in retaliation for the killing of his
son we've already lost a child
we've already had how many other murders
connected with this particular war and
now three more people shot so it needs
ten
how many of those do we have in the
neighborhood we have this one situation
that's a string of six shootings how
many other streams of beef everywhere we
have yeah we have right now I can count
that we do have like four that's going
on before that we keep them out Paul
song it's for situations there's really
hot that can blow up any minute even if
the guns are here
someone has to pull the trigger and our
job is to get them not to pick the gun
all tree Phillips runs target area
redevelopment among their missions
putting former gang members in outreach
programs to try to stop violence on the
streets in this neighborhood of
Englewood and Alban Gresham and you know
spots across the city there's great need
right these music men to plead for a
long time some would say starved right
yeah what do the communities actually
mean what the community is lacking is
hope you're talking about trying to and
still hoping to individuals who are
living in a community or living in a
situation where it's hopeless where the
men in our community are unemployed the
women in our community are underemployed
every individual community should have
one place where all the kids can feel
say these commands have those places now
you know there there are some places but
we have to understand that there are
gang lines and we haven't just been
honest there are gang lines that some
groups cannot go over that's an
unfortunate so the on this side of a
whole bunch of kids are never going out
between to go over there because
dangerous it's dangerous I mean we
unfortunately we have that in our
society but you ever get tired or weary
of the day-to-day gun violence the
bloodshed do you ever feel like no
matter what you do it's not enough you
know T on a maps in our office we have
pointers where we can show you where the
individuals got shot but what we can't
show you is the the the changing of a
someone's mind to go to school every now
and then we get that one you that's
gonna turn his life around
that's what keep us going what's that
sticking things like this if we don't
get it in order we pretty much know it's
gonna be ever less and Luke for Kaos I
mean it's up to us a community as a
collector to come together and show them
and mold a man's - what's the next best
thing but I think if people have more
stuff to lose they wouldn't be quick to
retaliate yeah you'd be like okay yeah
somebody did some to my people but i'ma
lose my job my house i'ma lose my
girlfriend I'm losing my life if i
retaliate
do we think we can come out of it yes
and one of the way we can do it it's not
just get ourselves out of it you go I'm
saying it's also giving back we are
trying to get each other to rise above
where we come from instead of just being
a product of volume II yeah we might get
somewhere
we're over a hundred murders down in
over 700 shootings down so that's 800
families at least that don't have to
deal with the trauma of gun violence and
that's huge and that's basically due to
the hard work of the officers out there
in the community residence along with
our business partners and clergy so
that's huge that is absolutely right
shootings in Chicago are down this year
the police say in part due to their
efforts but no one knows exactly why
crime goes down or it goes up Tremaine
Lee
Laura Washington Jamal Green and Dimitri
Roberts good to have you guys back here
um you serve as police officer in
Englewood first of all what was that
experience like what did it do to you to
be a police in this environment well I
can say it's it's no different than what
the community members are experiencing
we're just experiencing it in a uniform
so when we talk about continuous trauma
you have to understand that police
officers are experiencing that
continuous trauma just as rapidly if not
more so then citizens are so it was
traumatizing I can remember being a
rookie in Englewood and walking up to a
traffic stop and approaching somebody
with yes sir no ma'am and that
transitioning to six to eight months
later and me walking out up to traffic
stops with my guns wrong it changes the
way that you cuz you're loaded for bear
well you start to look you start to look
at people in a different light and you
start to dehumanize the fact that this
is another individual that I need to
help and take a service first mentality
enforcement first mentality Jim are one
of the things that comes through and
that's four main pieces just if people I
mean this is a true thing about human
beings and anytime in place anywhere if
you don't feel protected by the state
right you don't think just is gonna
happen people take stuff into our hands
that you know that happens in medieval
Europe it happens in the city of Chicago
in 2017 if the state is not delivering
justice and someone wrongs you you're
gonna wronged them back how much of that
dynamic is what's driving things that
dynamic is of course driving things a
lot of the violence in the community is
retaliation so people feel like well the
police isn't gonna do anything or I
don't have trust in the police so I
don't even want to pick up the phone and
call me I don't need to start going down
the road
rrrow right and so they actually would
take things in their own hands and use
their street sense when that has to
change but just as the the young man in
the and tremaine's clip said is you know
they don't have any hope they don't have
anything to live for we got a it's time
now that we got to start changing things
it's the time and it's great for us to
get involved to people in the community
to have organizations to become
activists will become involved or the
teachers to mentor people we have to
give opportunity in these neighborhoods
before it's too late how much from your
view and you've been writing about
Chicago for four years and you've
covered all this how much can policing
do or not do policing is very limited I
think I've applauded Eddie Johnson for
bringing down the numbers but the way
he's going about it is through
technology focusing on what they call
the hotspots and you know this better
than I do and-and-and and identifying
the places where the crime is most
likely to happen and okay so he's having
some success with that but that's a very
reactive strategy that's not getting at
any of the issues we've been talking
about around this table you've got to be
able to engage with the community can't
not neither side of the community can be
afraid of each other if you're going to
have any kind of progress we've got the
whole issue of brown police phuket
brutality and police misconduct which
many people feel are it's not really
being addressed so people don't feel
safe they don't feel safe talking to
please engaging with the police because
in many ways they feel that the police
are not on their side one of the things
that's been happening Chicago that that
I've read a lot about it and fought a
lot about is here's an exodus of
african-americans from the city and it
which is you left why'd you leave the
same reason you're talking about I
remember being a police officer there my
young at the time five-year-old daughter
standing next to me washing dishes in
our kitchen and a somewhat affluent
neighborhood and gunshots ringing out
right outside of our kitchen window and
I look over and I see my daughter laying
on the floor thank goodness she didn't
get shot but she was responding in her
natural human state to violence that was
happening right outside of our door so
of course I left why would I stay in
this place where I don't see any hope
for change and you don't want to risk
your
families it's one thing to talk in the
abstract about change and say we can do
this we can do that but it's your own
family and there's a question too right
I mean whether you can that this idea of
trust right something something bad
happened you know we someone got shot at
my block that were gunshots am I going
to pick up the phone and call the police
yeah knowing all that that might bring
down to bear on my name in part it is
I've been in these communities for a
very long time talking to people and
through lived experience and a lot of
but don't underst know what justice is
right symbols of justice and which
finally quantified what justice is one
step whether the murders go up or down
or shootings go up or down
it's that clearance rate how many people
are being arrested and prosecuted for
shootings and killings right and if
they're not being prosecuted if people
aren't delivered justice by the system
that delivered or narrow policing is a
reactive okay and so police and cannot
solve the problem in these neighborhoods
they can put small bandage or lock
people up those are only band-aids to
the problem you're criminals aren't
going to continue to be created in this
environment well one of the things that
happened I mean when you zoom out right
is that you can see a neighborhood
neighborhoods in New York City for
instance went through unbelievable
amounts of gun violence and it came way
down it didn't do anything the poverty
was never addressed right the
neighborhood didn't get it are the same
the neighborhoods are the same people
are still poor they're still struggling
violence came way way down I mean we
have 2,300 murders in New York City in
1992 and 350 last year there's
neighborhoods in New York that we're
seeing Chicago levels of violence they
came down but East New York then in East
New York now than just choosing a
neighborhood in Brooklyn that's it's one
among the city's poorest it's still real
poor there it's still so there are
different problems right I mean you can
imagine a world in which violence comes
down and that is great and that is a
huge net benefit to community but that's
just part of what would have to change
to make say Englewood a place that feels
vibrant it would start out as a
working-class community in the 60s and
70s it is one of the poorest most
crime-ridden communities in the country
now that is because the underlying
issues have never been addressed they
did the poverty the still lack of
quality education health care you can go
down the line though that neighborhood
has not gotten the services they deserve
sure mainly Laura Washington Jamal Green
and Dimitri Roberts it's been such a
pleasure to have you thank you very much
all in America Chicago continues after
this
you
the city of Chicago has always held a
very special place in my heart my
father's from the north side he raised
me in Chicago sports fan despite the
fact I grew up in the Bronx I'm rooting
for the Cubs my whole life my wife is
from Chicago I lived in Chicago from
2001 2007 is where I learned to be a
reporter it is a great American city and
a president that was serious about
America first about making America great
again we'll look to Chicago and
Cleveland and Detroit in Baltimore and
many of the other great American cities
and think about how great places could
be made even greater now I'm hoping
that's still possible in the future
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
