we have some other breaking news were
following out of Virginia where a jury
has just been seated in u.s. versus Paul
J manna for Donald Trump's former
campaign Chairman is the first defendant
indicted by the special counsel to face
trial
he's charged with 18 counts of tax
evasion and money laundering prosecutors
call a trial like this a quote paper
case because it is one based on records
mostly and molars team literally has the
receipts the actual physical receipts
the prosecution is going to paint manna
for it as a man that lived a life of
excess spending the hidden income he got
working for Ukrainian politicians
custom-made suits Persian rugs and
luxury vehicles buying that sort of
thing while not paying taxes here in the
US but manna fort will not be the only
person on trial in the Alexandria
courtroom it is also a test for Robert
Muller and his investigation there are
only two ways this can end manna fort
will either be found guilty could spend
the rest of his life behind bars or he
will go free an outcome that could
discredit Muller and the over two year
old probe he's been leading when you're
a prosecutor you know we used to say all
the time you know if you're gonna if
you're gonna try to kill the king make
sure he's dead and the fact is you know
this case is going to be very important
to establish credibility for Bob Muller
if you were ever to lose this case it
would be an extraordinary pass on
joining us now NBC's intelligence and
national security reporter Ken Delaney
an outside of the the courthouse in
Alexandria been witness is a senior
fellow in governance studies at the
Brookings Institution he's also an NBC
News and MSNBC legal analyst and the
editor in chief of law fair and Barbara
McQuade is a former US attorney in
Michigan and an MSNBC and NBC News
contributor Ken let's start with you the
the jury has just been seated that's a
pretty quick pretty quick seating for a
jury usually it takes a few days yeah it
was surprising Katie you know this
district in the Eastern District of
Alexandria is known as the rocket docket
that's a reference to civil cases but it
sure did move fast today in the
courtroom judge Ellis really spent
things along there was a pool of 65
potential jurors he winded it down to
six men and six women and then there are
also four alternates and you know the
real drama in this trial katie is going
to be the things that aren't said
because Russia is not going to be
mentioned at all and the judges actually
ruled that the jury will not formally
hear that Paul man afford ever worked
for Donald Trump so the idea of
collusion or Russian interference in the
2016 election is not going to come up
and when the judge began to explain the
charges to the potential jurors he
started right into some very dry tax
cases and you're absolutely right this
is going to be a paper a document case
and but legal experts say it's an
overwhelming case and Paul Manafort face
is really long odds here and some of the
sort of unspoken drama is that while
Paul Manafort is wearing a black suit
today and seated in the courtroom he's
going home he's gonna sleep tonight in
the Alexandria jail in a prison green
jumpsuit because he's been remanded to
custody and he's facing 10 years a
10-year sentence under the guidelines
not the maximum and then he's got
another trial in DC where he's facing 15
years so some very serious consequences
and a very strong case here against Paul
Manafort Katie hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
