welcome back to Val Shan rules Saudi
diplomats are retreating we're treating
back to the kingdom's borders as a fall
out of Washington Post columnist
disappearance and suspected murder
groves Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
was greeted when he arrived in Riyadh
yesterday by Prince Khalid bin Salman
he's the younger brother of Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman he's also the Saudi
ambassador to the United States but this
man who were talking about last week
returned to Saudi Arabia US officials
tell the New York Times it is unlikely
he will return to the United States and
as Turkish investigators with forensic
specialists among them arrived at the
Saudi consuls Istanbul residents the
Saudi government informed them the
Consul had returned home as they deny
any involvement in the disappearance
this thing this is yeah this is unusual
what's a Turkish investigators are going
through the Saudi consuls residents we
are learning more about the suspects in
this alleged murder The Wall Street
Journal cites people familiar with the
matter reporting that 15 Saudis flew to
Istanbul on two Jets belonging to a
company called Sky prime aviation
services this is a company that was
seized by the Saudi government in last
year's anti-corruption efforts or at
least what's what the Saudis call it NBC
News has obtained scans of seven of the
15 passports from Turkish officials but
NBC News has not independently verified
the identities of the men named in the
documents here's what the New York Times
has been able to put together one men
Maher blue tribe is listed on a British
diplomatic roster as being assigned to
the Saudi embassy in London back in 2007
according to the time since then The
Times reports that he's been seen
traveling with the Crown Prince all over
the world potentially as a bodyguard a
French professional who's worked with
the Saudi royal family identified the
next man abdul aziz al how al-hasawi
to the times is a member of the crown
prince's security team who typically
travels with the prince another men tire
alharbi has been the same name reported
in a saudi news outlet as a lieutenant
in the saudi royal guard The Times
reports he was promoted to his current
rank for defending the royal palace in
Jeddah last year during an attack
another suspect traveled with a
passport that named him as muhammad al
Zahrani he has the same name as another
member of the Royal Guard the name also
appears in a popular app in Saudi Arabia
identifying him as well as a member of
the Saudi royal guard The Times also
cites a 2017 video showing a man wearing
a nametag bearing allah al zahrani's
name with the crown prince and adding to
the suspicions of Khashoggi she's murder
and then there's dr saleh al to bhaji
identified by The Times as an autopsy
expert he was also with the group The
Times found the doctor Ultra Bey she
listed himself
as the head of the Saudi Scientific
Council on forensic more time ali the
name just say one more night and an
autopsy autopsy expert
why do you ever need to travel with an
autopsy expert you don't have a lot of
time this is definitely one of the
weirder parts of this story right as
well as the allegations that there was a
bone saw taken into the Saudi consulate
in Istanbul I got a lot of consulates to
get visas you can hardly take a sharp
pen in to most consulates the idea that
you can go into upon some of the bone
saw yeah autopsy expert and this guy
identifies as an autopsy a forensic
specialist on his Twitter account he
reportedly held positions in Saudi
Arabia's top medical school and in the
interior ministry and that's not it The
Wall Street Journal adds Waleed al
Shehri toe to the list Saudi Press
reports identify him as a Saudi Air
Force Major he's characterized by
Turkish authorities as listen to this a
forensics expert according to the
journal all of this is still under
investigation as the Saudi government
denies any knowledge or involvement in
Jamaica Shoji's disappearance but boy
that's quite a crowd that was travelling
15 people on two Jets seized by the
Saudi government going into Istanbul
making their way into the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul a whole other
level joining us now from Istanbul is
NBC News chief Louisville correspondent
bill Neely all right bill what are you
hearing thus far from Turkish officials
well Stephanie just on the point first
of all that you brought up about that
forensic specialist you know his
presence there would suggest that this
was a deadly operation right from the
beginning that this wasn't in fact
an interrogation that went wrong and
indeed if what we're hearing about the
audio recording is correct then
khashoggi was killed within minutes of
his arrival at that consulate there's
not much time for an interrogation that
went wrong so when eventually there's an
explanation from the Saudis about this I
think we should bear that in mind if
this was an interrogation to begin with
why on earth was there a forensic
specialist there in the in the first
place not to your question for about
three hours now a Turkish team of
forensic specialists about a dozen of
them have been at the residence of the
most senior diplomats from Saudi Arabia
here in Istanbul at the Consul generals
house there was a delay in letting the
team in there were not sure what the
delay was but there were Saudi officials
inside the Consul generals house maybe
securing Saudi secrets in there maybe
covering up because that's what the
Turkish president alleged that they did
in the next-door consulate they even
repainted the walls there anyway the
Turkish team are in there at the minute
they're using we've seen them using
ultraviolet light without getting into
too much detail that one of the things
that is used for is detecting blood
splatters on the walls they're looking
for DNA samples they're looking for
anything that would connect the body of
janmalc Ashoke which we believe was was
in the consulate and may have been
brought to the Consul generals house and
one other just small detail is that the
Consul General has left he's gone back
to Riyadh and yesterday his wife his
three children and the two maids that
were in that house were also sent back
to Riyadh so in fact there are no
witnesses left in that house who could
tell Turkish police about what happened
and indeed the Saudis are preventing the
Turks from interviewing any Saudi
official or diplomat that's remarkable
all right bill thanks for your coverage
bill neely for us in Istanbul
ultraviolet light works since they
already sent a full cleaning crew and
they repaid to the wall right I want to
bring in former ambassador a US
ambassador to Saudi Arabia Robert Jordan
ambassador good to see you
look this is tricky the president keeps
on framing things when when asked about
whether you'll take action against Saudi
Arabia if it is determined that it did
something to contribute to the
disappearance possibly the murder of
Jamal khashoggi and he keeps talking
about this hundred and ten billion
dollar arms deal now first of all we
only know that the Saudis have committed
about fourteen and a half billion
dollars but let's accept the fact the
Saudis are among the biggest buyers of
American military stuff and the United
States imports a lot of oil from Saudi
Arabia this is a complicated
relationship that we have always had
with Saudi Arabia how do we start to
extricate ourselves from it to the
degree that we can at least be critical
of human rights or press freedoms abuses
well I think we should already be able
to be critical of those abuses when I
arrived in Riyadh as ambassador a month
after 9/11 we had similar problems we
needed the Saudis to help us fight
al-qaeda find out who the bad guys were
and at the same time we were very
critical of many of their human rights
abuses which we pointed out to them
we were also critical their slowness in
helping us going after the terrorists so
you can do both I do think we have got
to be careful about exercising what's
called dollar diplomacy which means the
the dollar dictates what our policy is
that's really never been what America
stands for and it shouldn't be what we
stand for here well even if it is dollar
diplomacy the 110 billion dollar deal
that the president is touting isn't even
a correct dollar because that's not what
any side has agreed to but it was an
argument to be made that what the
president is trying to engage in here is
good diplomacy with an ally before we
actually or he actually has hard
evidence to the contrary well my guess
is that our intelligence people are in
touch with the Turkish officials and are
receiving very similar information from
what to what has been leaked by the
government-owned press if not we should
be demanding it
we should also be relying on our own
intelligence collection capacity going
back and reviewing what we have
collected in the past and seeing how
this matches up with what we think we
know from the Turks and what we can
count on I think is that the Saudis are
not going to be effective in
investigating themselves so we've got to
demand more from the Turks
and we've got to get the full picture of
it from them along with their own
collection capabilities ambassador
Robert Jordan good to speak to you
ambassador Jordan was a former US
ambassador to Saudi Arabian is the
author of desert diplomatic hey MSNBC
fans thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
