time now for the belching rule tax cut
tracker why because the wealthiest
taxpayers in America could soon get
another tax break the Treasury is
considering a change to capital gains
tax that would result in a 100 billion
dollar tax cut for them according to the
New York Times and The Wall Street
Journal before we can discuss the pros
and cons let's explain how this would
work capital gains are profit from the
sale of property or an other type of
investment like stocks you know what
rich people have currently we tax
capital gains based on the difference
between the purchase price and the sale
price of an asset the sale price is
called cost and current rules allow for
investors to recoup that sales price the
cost the cost is taxed at a rate of
23.8% if you invest in a cost of a
million bucks in 1990 and sold that
asset for 3 million dollars this year
you would only owe the tax on the
difference that's 2 million your tax
bill would be four hundred and seventy
six thousand bucks
well the Treasury Department could
change the definition of cost when
calculating the capital gains allowing
for investors to account for inflation
when determining their tax liability the
same investment of a million bucks in
1990 would now have a cost of about two
million in today's inflation adjusted
dollars that means the investor would
only owe half as much two hundred and
fifty five thousand bucks in taxes
compare that to the four hundred and
seventy six thousand without adjusting
for inflation a difference of two
hundred and twenty grand and that's tax
dollars the Treasury Department loses
out on this kind of change could result
in an estimated 100 billion bucks in tax
savings for wealthy investors it would
also dig into the Treasury even deeper
the hole that they are already in from
the last round of tax cuts which again
mostly benefit the wealthiest Americans
and alley we have to just slowed that
down we're not saying this hurts the
American worker but it doesn't help them
and it might hurt them because if you
reduce tax revenues these are the then
everybody comes out and says we got to
cut this we got a kind of welfare we got
to cut Social Services so it in fact
could help but it it could hurt them but
it's broadening the gap that we're
trying to
narrow right between the rich and the
poor the president rails against trade
deficits and he basically ignores budget
deficits Treasury Department is in a
hole because the tax cuts from 2017 are
still not paid for there's this
Republican idea that if you cut taxes
it's going to spur growth
even if it spurs some growth not enough
the corporate tax cuts thus far have not
trickled down to the American worker in
large part they've resulted in stock
buybacks who does that serve the
shareholder who does capital gains
adjustments serve the shareholder not
the American our entire tax system is
based around preserving money for the
wealthy right work labor gets taxed more
than wealth does if you have assets and
you have capital gains your tax rate is
lower than if you just work for it so
this is just a perpetuation of a problem
we've had for a few hundred years in
America it's supposed to be getting
better it's getting worse it's not a new
idea Larry Kudlow has has liked this
idea for years what's stunning is it's
what the president campaigned against
much like when he said he was gonna
close the carried interest loophole yet
miraculously it stayed in the tax system
and now here we are again and it's just
it's certainly a gift to the donor class
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
