so The Wall Street Journal editorial
board is out with new op-ed this morning
entitled Trump's lose the house strategy
and it reads in part mr. Trump might not
welcome a democratic house but he also
might not fear it as long as Republicans
keep the Senate more than even most
politicians mr. Trump always needs a
foil and Speaker Nancy Pelosi would be
from central political casting a
Democratic House would mean the end of
most of mr. Trump's agenda the last two
years but mr. Trump's policy alliance
with House Republicans has been in part
one of convenience mr. Trump could cut
deals with Democrats on paid family
leave
Public Works spending and trade
protectionism House Democrats could
start up the impeachment machinery and
once under way the momentum would be
hard to stop but as long as he's safe
from conviction by the Senate mr. Trump
might figure he could benefit from a
backlash against impeachment the way
Bill Clinton did the president and mr.
Bannon also might think a Democratic
House improves mr. Trump's chances for
re-election as Republicans and
independents conclude he is the only
barrier to a left-wing government led by
a president Elizabeth Warren Howard Dean
I think that's pretty insightful
actually I do too it's I do not read The
Wall Street Journal op-ed I haven't read
it for 30 years that is very interesting
thank you it's very interesting it's so
on point I mean this is exactly what
could happen I don't think Trump support
is is not there well I thing is what it
captures is Trump's a morality Trump has
no loyalty to anybody but himself but if
you if you tell me how you feel about
that right that's a reality that could
play out whether he's moral right but
you're right though the fact that he is
so unmoored me right he'll do a deal
about the Republican Party that's just
his never Democrat right well he's not I
would please give money to the DNC when
you were there
not that I don't think so yeah that
really wasn't a fair question I think he
always gave money to the Helsinki game
well I don't know if he I'd never called
him that's for damn sure
yeah a lot of Democrats did well I
actually don't think this I think Trump
may be thinking that's what I thought
was insightful this this is a mirror
into the thinking of a sociopath
basically but the actual scenario is
less likely there's a little we hate
Nancy Pelosi and there's the fist thing
which is it to be expected from the
op-ed page of the Nancy Pelosi would
make a good a good counterpoint you can
say anything you want leading into 2020
say a lot of things about Nancy Pelosi
but one thing is she is not stupid she
is a really smart political operator
yeah and she is smart enough to know
that whatever her numbers may be she is
not unlike many people in Washington she
is not driven by ego that needs to put
her in front of the television cameras
every day so if she thought that were a
possibility she would be a much more
lower profile yeah my only problem with
that editorial is that it's 721 on July
the 31st you know what Donald Trump's
thinking about 722 that could happen by
default I don't think he's first second
of all I do not think the Democrats are
going to impeach Trump unless there's a
real reason to do it right hating Donald
Trump is not a reason it's not a reason
and and look I think also think that
metaphor I mean that the manna for trial
is going to be an enormous problem for
Donald Trump and and that is a piece of
the puzzle that is in fact connected to
the collusion it is really clear you
know you we're all acquainted with
Trump's mo locusts in New York there is
no chance that Donald Trump his total
top-down command and control of the way
he runs everything he runs there was no
chance he didn't know about the meaning
damn good chance he sat in on one of the
meetings with the Russians he knew he
the guy knew about everything that's how
he ran his campaign it was am on right
and pop operation without a mom he knew
absolutely everything that was going on
but if you just look at the history of
it it is it is true Walter that that I
mean we can go back to 2010 Tea Party
comes in in in essence relights by
overreaching reelect Barack Obama in
2012 we all got elected to 94
overreached got Bill Clinton re-elected
in 1996 this happens all the time
and and and there is no doubt that for
donald trump's reelection Nancy Pelosi
had Speaker of the House is much better
than a Republican because right now he's
blaming the Democrats for not being able
to build the wall no I think you know he
would swing whichever is why he goes and
meets with the North Koreans asked you
know begs the Iranians to meet with him
he would certainly sort of play with the
House Democrats and I think that you
know he would change his stripes as he's
often done the weird thing about it
though I think Natasha Bertrand had a
wonderful line which is TV lawyers I
mean people want real layers but the
Giuliani's and for that matter Lanny
Davis's that are mainly out there for TV
this is what happens when you're not
sort of having a strategy for the long
run and you're just dancing for the 7:22
a.m. 723 a.m. tweet you're gonna do it's
crazy
Howard Dean thank you very much I'm
still Adam Morning Joe it is clear that
the Russians used social media to attack
the American election but it doesn't
stop there Natacha has new reporting on
how Moscow has now weaponized the
American court system against the
Kremlin's enemies she'll take us through
her new reporting on that and an update
on the start of Paul Men affords
criminal trial
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
