if we don't get border security after
many many years of talk within the
United States I would have no problem
doing a shutdown it's time we had proper
border security with a laughingstock of
the world we have the worst immigration
laws anywhere in the world I would be
certainly willing to consider a shutdown
if we don't get proper border security
here's the funding of the border wall
going to wait until after the midterm
elections probably and that's something
we do have a disagreement on so you're
not worried about a government shutdown
because that's not gonna happen
think you'd be bad politics for the
Republican Party to shut the government
down would get blamed and that seems to
me there's a way to get wall funding and
deal with about the population so I
prefer a deal that would be a win-win
President Trump in Republicans on
Capitol Hill at odds over whether shut
down over immigration border while
funding should be on the table
joining us now a member of the Judiciary
Committee Democratic senator mazie
Hirono of Hawaii u.s. immigration
officials will testify before the Senate
Judiciary Committee this morning and
hearing on child separations at the
border and we'll get to that in just a
moment senator thanks so much for being
with us thank you just want to get your
view on this idea of a government
shutdown the president who for years has
promised that Mexico would pay for it
now it says he'll shut down the
government if Democrats and Republicans
in the Senate don't agree to pay for it
what's your reaction the president could
have gotten his border wall funding
months months ago when he was presented
with a bipartisan bill to protect the
$800,000 participants and he kept saying
that he would sign such a bill and he
did not so the president says a lot of
things he changes his mind he governs by
chaos which he mainly creates himself
senator is there something you would
offer you would put on the table for the
president in a larger package for border
security I think we should have
comprehensive immigration reform that's
what we should be talking about and you
know like I don't hear him talking
anymore about the daca participants that
he created a huge vulnerability for and
so the president goes from issue to
issue and it's always about himself all
the time every time and he throws red
meat to his face every time he feels
threatened or insecure I think that's
something we can count on from him so if
he came back and said you know what on
second thought let's take care of the
daca kids if you give me some border
wall funding what would you say
well I'm reminded of the Tuesday meeting
that I participated in at the White
House where and he said give me a semi a
bipartisan bill I sign I'll sign it by
the time we got back to our offices that
was off the table so how can we even
count on this president to maintain his
position on anything as I said the one
thing we can count on is that when he
feels threatened he'll go on an attack
and he'll continue to throw red meat and
one of the red
to space is always to attack immigrants
so senator I want to get to the hearing
we we advertise the Judiciary Committee
on which you sit will have a hearing
titled oversight of immigration family
reunification efforts obviously there's
been incredible outrage well-founded
outrage and confusion frankly about why
these families have not been reunited
what do you hope to find out today I
want to find out why some 711 and
children have been deemed ineligible to
be reunited with their parents what
happened to the 400 children whose
parents are already deported what about
some 40 children they don't even know
where the parents are who the parents
are so this is total chaos and so we
need to find out very specifically what
do you have in mind how do you plan to
reunite all these people I find it
incredible that in the the hearing
before the judge and thank goodness this
judge in San Diego is keeping the
administration's feet to the fire is for
them to say well we did it we've
accomplished they made what we needed to
do in your timeframe and yet there are
seven hundred eleven or so of these
children who are deemed ineligible to be
reunited everyone know what we really
what constitutes in eligibility to
reuniting these traumatized children
with their parents
Walter senator at Walter Isaacson and I
want to raise this to a larger issue
because when you said that Trump was
willing to accept a bipartisan bill and
maybe calm down the immigration thing
and he reverses himself he does so
because he is so infected the Republican
Party with an anti-immigrant sentiment
that he got backlash from Republicans do
you see any way that you and the Senate
which is supposed to be the deliberative
body could be working with Republicans
and maybe it could spill over to the
house to sort of say we can actually do
a bipartisan thing without the right
wing of the Republican Party rebelling
against that there's always hope and as
I said the Senate actually had a bill
this was about the fourth iteration of a
bipartisan bill that we thought the
president would be willing to go along
with because that's what he said he
do you know I look at it as where the
the Senate is one body and while it
would be great for the house to wake up
to their responsibilities I think that
we should do what we need to do in the
Senate to pass a bipartisan bill which
we came up with so and I'm hopeful that
we can do that again but at the same
time if we're going to wait around for
the president to make up his mind as to
what he deems excessive acceptable we
should live so long that is my attitude
and feeling all right senator mazie
Hirono of Hawaii thank you and report
back to the side of that meeting if you
don't mind we'll be anxious to hear
about thank you thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
