everyone knows my husband Ron De Santis
is endorsed by President Trump but he's
also an amazing dad Ron loves playing
with the kids build the wall
he reads stories then mr. Trump said
you're fired I love that he's teaching
Madison to talk make America great again
people say Ron's all Trump but he is so
much more
big-league so good Wow Wow
that's a new ad from congressman Ron De
Santis in his bid to become Florida's
Republican nominee for governor
president Trump will rally in Florida
today for De Santis who endorsed in a
tweet last December helping him move
ahead in the polls of former frontrunner
Adam Putnam the state's agriculture
commissioner as you can see selling
boyfriend 'santa says I am behind Donald
Trump every step of the way Wow so I
guess he he likes the Putin stuff like
changing US foreign policy it's a big
fan of Iran I guess I guess he's a big
fan of North Korea I mean I you know the
party's changed so much I mean when I
miss a Republican we like balanced
budgets when we balance a budget
actually we liked paying down the debt
we like keeping entitlement proof
entitlements solvent let's see what else
oh you're we were against tyrants in
Iran and North Korea that's changed all
of that has changed it's so funny I mean
you can't I used to say that their party
is not conservative anymore but we are
so far beyond that they are they are
they are they've adopted Vladimir
Putin's foreign policy donald trump has
adopted Vladimir Putin's foreign policy
you have people on Russian television
every night saying the Soviets we could
never do this when we were the Soviet
Union Donald Trump is doing it forest
that's what Russian television
commentators are saying and then you
look at our domestic policy or foreign
policy Stalin wish
he had the ability to you know impose
tariffs and then pay farmers 12 billion
dollars that a lot of farmers are saying
we don't even need is Ron Johnson said
it is a soviet-style type economy when
you start when Donald Trump starts
talking about picking winners and losers
this way don't know if it's so V itself
it is socialism though and that used to
be at least where I'm from that used to
be something that conservative voters
were against say maybe it's a selling
point now I don't know okay so let's
talk about your fallen political party
which has changed drastically
I would submit since you will last a
registered member right of the
Republican Party right and and Jimmy
pointed this out earlier this poll who
would you trust for accurate information
among Trump supporters the result Trump
91% friends and family sixty-three
percent mainstream media no surprise 11
percent so if you're running for
governor or Florida if you run to Santis
you clearly seek his favor that's
understandable you want a favorable
tweet from the president of states it
Rockets him ahead in the primary but
among the base that we continually talk
about how deep and lasting is the fear
the clear fear that many of elected
Republicans have about the president out
of state I mean I I mean I think it's I
just the the fear is there I do what I
don't understand is when leaders in my
party did something I disagreed with I
went after me and then I went home and I
explained to my constituents why I went
after them
they're spending too much money newts
talking about spending more now yeah no
I'm just saying go back then I could go
home and I'd say I voted against the
bill because they're spending too much
money I voted against the bill because
newts talking about getting rid of the
tax cuts everybody did it
you mean you can explain it and that's
Jim that's what I don't understand is I
know 100 town hall meetings a year you
can explain to your constituents and I
can tell you at least my constituents
way back then always understood it said
oh okay yeah we don't go along with
even if the party's doing it the wrong
way go your own way and I always found
it strengthened me not only among
independents but among party members who
trusted me more because they didn't
blindly follow party dictates but fear
is a I was an exceptionally powerful
motivator just step back for one second
you've got Georgia basically a swing
state Florida basically a swing state
the President of the United States
weighs in on both of those races and
takes Trump candidates who are way
behind in the polls and instantly makes
them such favorites that people are
telling Putnam to get out of the race
and sound instant by the way for night
Adams hour the way Adam Putnam one of
the most able leaders in the state of
Florida Republican or Democrat Florida
voters would be a fool do not vote for
Adam Putnam but they don't agree with
you now by a 12 point margin when I
think that the establishment is foolish
to back Putnam that is the power that he
has that's why I think in outlast I
don't the thing that Trump proved is
that all the things that we thought the
Republican Party stood for yeah the base
of the party stood for it turns out they
get more jazzed right now about
immigration about the changing you know
what this is exactly I remember driving
over with with my former chief of staff
driving over after Katrina hit and we
were dealing with Richard just
extraordinary incompetence not only on
the federal level but on the state level
and on the local level
now my chief of staff said you know what
this is what happens when we go down
ideological checkboxes and by the way
he's a very conservative Republican he's
in fact he's he's a he's an elected
official he said we check off are they
pro-life are they pro-gun are they Pro
this or they Pro that and we get the
candidates we want and then a Katrina
comes and ideologically they're lined up
but they don't know anything about
leading here you get Ron de santis who's
dressing his baby and make America great
like outfits and and reading bedtime
stories and yeah it's cute and it's
clever and he's playing the trump card
what's gonna happen with a category five
storm go
across the i-4 corridor is Rhonda's and
it's gonna be able to do that as well as
Adam Putnam who's been there from now
nobody would begin to think that it's
just it's lunacy and I'm not just
talking about this race and but this is
how people ask how do we get to
Katrina's how do we get this sort of
look the poor leadership we get and it
is this stupid dumbing down
ideologically on the Democratic side and
on the Republican side are they
pro-choice are they anti-gun are they
whatever on the Democratic side and same
thing of the Republican side and
nobody's looking for are they a leader
that can get my family evacuated when a
category 5 hurricane comes in Tampa Bay
and just to say we're going to have that
problem indeed we already have that
problem for two reasons
one is at the risk of sounding wonky
severe weather the cause of climate
change is now the norm is no longer the
exception look what's happening around
this country and our infrastructure
can't combine with that means we can't
cope so this is now governing is hard
but we are making a lot harder because
we're not serious
we're not serious about climate change
we're not serious about infrastructure
this country faces a crisis economically
socially in human terms and we are
simply letting it happen and by the way
we're not serious about electing serious
leaders best leader I've ever seen and
he wasn't warm and fuzzy Jeb Bush never
seen anybody lead on a state level as
effectively as Jeb Bush not a close
second of all the people I've seen over
the past 20 25 years and Jeb wasn't warm
and cuddly yeah he just did his damn job
anyway
still at president Trump is awake good
morning Don and tweeting this morning
he's taking a shot at the coke he's
taking a shot at the Koch brothers yeah
it's a smart move you're so powerful
hey keep attacking the Koch brothers
attack them every day
go do it you're so powerful and strong
by the way I think you're also smart
enough to sit down with Bob Muller you
really should not listen to all those
people that think as he went to
Princeton and you went to Fordham that
you're not smart enough to sit
with him I think you are I know we went
to st. Paul's I'm not sure where you
went to high school in Queens but you're
smart enough to sit down with him sit
down with him and keep attacking the
Koch brothers anyway he's attacking the
Koch brothers after the network
announced it wouldn't support some
Republican candidates this November
Willie it is a it is a veritable war of
words yeah yes it is and the Koch
brothers are happy to have it as in my
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
