saying when everything seems to collide
with Donald Trump and things start going
really bad deflects he decides he's
going to take a meeting with a group of
tyrants he did that he did North Korea
it's a playbook and it is a Playboy I
mean North Korea at a particular time
when stormy Daniels was about to hit the
front pages he went there now
he's open to meetings with the Iranians
I guess after this when he gets in
trouble I guess he'll talk about meeting
with the Martians let's let's take a
quick look at the president United
States doing what he likes to do most to
flight with anybody
I believe in meeting I would certainly
meet with Iran if they wanted to meet I
don't know that they're ready yet to
have it a hard time right now but I
ended the Iran deal it was a ridiculous
deal I do believe that they will
probably end up wanting to meet and I'm
ready to meet anytime they want to and I
don't do that from strength or from
weakness I think it's an appropriate
thing to do if we could work something
out that's meaningful not the waste of
paper that the other deal was I would
certainly be willing to make do you have
preconditions for that meeting no
preconditions no they want to meet on me
anytime they want anytime they want it's
good for the country good for them good
for us and good for the world no
preconditions if they want to me tell me
so the reason why we needed the world
needed to have someone at the meeting
with Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump is
because in the past week or so since
Helsinki Donald Trump is one sent a
signal that he wants to lift sanctions
on an oligarch who's close to close to
Vladimir Putin that we just put on a
couple months ago and to now he's
talking again from a position of
weakness wanting to meet with Iran it's
a it's a complete 180 turn there's very
little actually to explain that Richard
but there is a playbook for Donald Trump
threatened to bomb a terrorist State
say you want to meet with a terrorist
state and then capitulate to the
terrorist state are we gonna see what
happened in North Korea happened with
Iran now almost certainly not if the
administration were serious about
meeting with Iran they would have done
it before they unilaterally got out of
the nuclear deal but by the way Iran was
compliant what if Putin asked him to to
reach out to Iran
the other reason the Iranians want no
part of it the Iranians are not going to
sit down with somebody in the Secretary
of State the other day gave a big speech
essentially calling for regime change
the administration is ratcheting up
sanctions again they got out of the
nuclear deal after the president said
he'd meet without preconditions both the
white and the National Security Council
and the Secretary of State basically
started listing the preconditions on
nuclear issues on Iran's regional
behavior on how they're treating their
own people but baby you could look at
what we've been saying about North Korea
all along and you have Donald Trump
declaring victory in North Korea when
the North Koreans now we keep finding
out more ways that they're cheating and
in fact their nuclear program is more
dangerous today US intelligence
officials tell us than it was when
Donald Trump first started negotiating
with the North Koreans there's a
front-page story in The Washington Post
today
that's after last week's story about
their nuclear program now we learned
that their missile program their
intercontinental ballistic missile
program is continuing the only word I
take exception with Jo is cheating we
don't know if North Korea is cheating
why because we don't know what the
United States and North Korea agreed to
if you look at that communique that came
out of the Singapore summit there were
it was like a piece of Swiss cheese
where the holes were bigger than the
cheese so again we've had two summits so
we do know this Donald Trump said
Americans sleep at night that nuclear
weapons were no longer a problem with
North Korea we know that's all we know
that's a lie and and nothing like that
was a cups again what we're seeing is
this pattern of summits where the
promise is great we don't really know
what was agreed on and then there's no
there's both it's wrong at both ends
there's no preparation right and there's
no follow-through no engine no caboose
so all these summits essentially leave
us worse off than we were we think about
it will he
the North Korean leader leaves far
stronger than when he first met with
from yeah a much stronger then I mean he
made Donald Trump look like his you know
he's Patsy on the world stage he's much
stronger than he was poor and and now
Trump the same we we don't negotiate
from a position of weakness or Street no
if you're the United States of America
I'm sorry you always negotiate from a
position of strength and as Richard
points out the president's supposed to
come in sort of at the end of the
process and do the handshake and sign
the declaration not coming at the
beginning making promises and then
declaring victory at the end of a press
conference where nothing was actually
achieved one of the patterns we've seen
in this Trump administration is the
president makes a grand public
declaration and then the rest of the
administration comes in to reshape it or
clean it up as Richard mentioned
yesterday Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
talked about all the preconditions he
would need to see before a meeting with
Iran the Iranian zhh demonstrate a
commitment to make fundamental changes
and how they treat their own people
reduced their malign behavior can agree
that it's worthwhile to enter in a
nuclear agreement that actually prevents
proliferation and the president said and
he's prepared to sit down and have a
conversation with him Richard this is
one of the things they tried to get at
in that hearing the Senate hearing last
week who should the American people who
should the United States Senate listen
to because you have President Trump
saying one thing on the big stage and
then people like on peyot Bolton and
others coming in after the fact and
saying something completely
contradictory I think the answer is
clear you listen to the President of the
United States and that's what the rest
of the world is figuring out and as much
as they may respect the Secretary of
Defense or the Secretary of State at the
end of the day if they don't speak for
the United States and it doesn't appear
they do how can you listen to them look
the two summits we've had they weren't
in the room the two summits we had there
was no staff in the room so the
President of the United States has
become the chief diplomat of the United
States we have got to learn that's
reality
so the Secretary of State and others can
come in before afterwards and try to
clean it up but we he is look I like my
don't get me wrong but I don't I think
the president's putting him in an
extraordinarily difficult almost
untenable position like he did with Rex
Tillerson where if you're not in the
room and you don't know what transacted
how is it you can authoritative Lee say
this is the foreign policy of the United
States Jim you were talking about how
Republicans trust Donald Trump more than
they trust their family they trust
Donald Trump more than they trust the
media so at what point do Republicans
there's at what point do Republicans the
question we continue to ask what point
do a Republican say well wait a second
we were anti Putin in anti-russian
didn't like him shooting down commercial
aircrafts or invading other countries
poisoning people assassin me but now
Donald Trump says he's okay so he's okay
and he's rewriting 70 years of American
foreign policy that Republicans
championed and then he makes nice with
North Korea and now he sounds so weak
basically begging the Iranians for a
summit hey at what point does somebody
like Mickey Halley go you know what I'm
out I'm running against this guy in 2020
before he ends up like turning u.s.
foreign policy over to all of our
enemies
I was radical right if you remember I
was critical and every other
conservative was critical of Barack
Obama being so focused on on dealing
with Iran and Cuba that was child's play
Donald Trump is North Korea Russia now
Iran there is not a tyrant there's not a
terror state that this guy doesn't
doesn't want to cozy up to I I mean the
answer is at least all the evidence that
we've seen today there's never never
it's a that's what I can't stress enough
there's no evidence whatsoever that his
base supporter or any member of Congress
is actually turning on him in any public
way I'd say the opposite is true he's
growing more powerful his sway is
growing more
a powerful you can beer because because
conservatives now like Iran and
conservatives like North Korea and
conservatives like Russia
I don't think Maliki like isolation to
it I think that people look at him and
they say you know what he's doing it
different the old way didn't work I
don't believe any of you guys on this
set
don't trust us you know Heidi they can
go on the Google machine for 30 seconds
you don't have to trust me just go to
your neighbors Google machine and and
type some stuff in the truth is out
there but this isn't the x5 but Russia
was a perfect example it never happened
right everything we all thought oh my
god you can't sit there and meet alone
with Putin for two hours you can't go
and treat him like the Pope when you're
standing next to him
surely Republicans will turn on him
nobody turned on him nobody even the
couple of congressmen who came out and
said well I have some concerns about
that within 24 hours they all ran out of
hills it's why fall because they fear
the base the base loves Trump they you
know somebody's work out somebody needs
to tell the base the truth and you can
do that you can go to town hall meetings
and actually how do you tell the base
the truth they ought to try it sometime
I mean you you have again with with with
Donald Trump you have been capitulating
to terror States and and then yet Steve
Scalise actually joining in somebody in
the Republican majority joining in
signing on to impeach rod Rosenstein
because they're trying to get to the
bottom of Vladimir Putin and his
attempts to undermine American democracy
now that is a Republican leader not a
backbencher that is a Republican leader
who is actually working hard to subvert
an investigation that has already
indicted several dozen Russians and we
have the goods of US military the US
Intel community has the goods on the
Russians they tried to subvert subvert
American democracy in 2016 and Steve
Scalise is signing on with freedom
caucus backbenchers to try to actually
subvert an investigation over someone
actually trying to under
American democracy Joe I saw your tweet
yesterday about how this election and
2018 is going to be the most important
of our lifetimes for a lot of people and
I think that is your answer whether you
want to go down whether it's foreign
policy or it's guns or it's the tax cuts
there's gonna be another proposed round
of tax cuts for the wealthy now at the
same time that president Trump's base is
closing ranks around him look into the
poll numbers and see what's happening
with the intensity of the disapproval on
the other side of the ledger and that's
why this election is so important but
that's also why it's so hard to tell
exactly what's going to happen to match
those numbers up because what we could
see here is a repeat of what happened
with Barack Obama which is that when
Barack Obama was not on the ballot in
the midterms his people didn't come out
but there was an intensity on the other
side of the ledger that swept Democrats
and you could see the same thing
happening here just because those
numbers are becoming stronger with each
one of these examples that you cite the
intensity of the disapproval on the
other side is strengthening manifold
twofold threefold I just one more point
about Iran before we go to break yes
he's often asked what if Obama had done
this we don't have to ask what if he did
it during a debate almost to the week in
2007 11 years ago he said he'd meet with
Ahmed each other that preconditions was
absolutely savaged not only by
Republicans by Hillary Clinton and
Democrats no thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
