there are exactly two people publicly
defending Donald Trump on the
possibility that he might have committed
obstruction of justice just to those two
public defenders of Donald Trump our
Rudy Giuliani and Donald Trump that's it
that is the public defense team for the
president Giuliani and Trump and both of
them are completely incoherent when it
comes to publicly defending Donald Trump
and that makes perfect sense
what they say doesn't make perfect sense
but the fact that both Giuliani and
Trump are incoherent in their attempts
to publicly defend Donald Trump does
make a certain sense and it means that
there is no evidence-based defense of
the president that is available to
Donald Trump or Rudy Giuliani because if
there was an evidence based defense
available at least one of them would use
it the country in the world are long
used to the fact that Donald Trump is
generally incoherent most of the time
about most things an incoherent person
though with a wildly disorganized mind
and no attention span could conceivably
have a very good legal defense that
could be presented by a good or average
or even below average defense lawyer but
that's not what we have here we have
Donald Trump an incoherent client who
has been a public liar his entire life
being defended by the newly incoherent
Rudy Giuliani and that is a very very
big deal and what it tells us tonight is
that the President of the United States
as of now has no good legal defense
against any of the accusations the
special prosecutor Robert Muller might
bring against this president it doesn't
mean that the president is guilty of
anything but it is just stunning think
about it
stunning that the President of the
United States and Rudy Giuliani as of
tonight have no good public defense of
the president it's one of those things
that's a very big deal but we can't yet
be sure of what it means nobody can be
sure of anything he's absolutely right
about that nobody can be sure of
anything none of us can be sure of what
to believe as of now but how strange is
it that that was Rudy Giuliani's answer
to this question the meeting with the
Russians how can you be sure if the
president didn't know beforehand rudy
giuliani's answer to that was nobody can
be sure of anything with defense lawyers
like that who needs prosecutors so so
why hasn't Donald Trump replaced his
incoherent weak TV defense lawyer who's
doing a terrible job of defending Donald
Trump well there are a few real
possibilities and rational possibilities
for that one is the Donald Trump doesn't
know what good lawyering looks like and
sounds like after all Michael Cohen was
Donald Trump's lawyer for years the same
Michael Cohen who Rudy Giuliani now
describes this way the guy is unethical
he's a scumbag he's a horrible person
well Donald Trump's next lawyer be
describing Rudy Giuliani that way
someday another reason Rudy Giuliani has
not been fired is that it is actually
impossible to do a better job of
defending Donald Trump that might just
be it it's impossible to do any better
than Giuliani has done originally ani
goes into TV interviews with no real
ammunition and just follows the Donald
Trump Kellyanne Conway model of speaking
as fast as he can it doesn't matter what
the words are because there's nothing
honest to say that could be helpful and
that's the way it is in a criminal
investigation when you're guilty there's
nothing you can say that is both honest
and helpful to your defense so one
possible explanation for the public
verbal incontinence of Rudy Giuliani is
that he's representing a guilty client
that is not an unreasonable inference in
reaction to the public rantings of
religion yani yesterday President Trump
rose in defense of President Trump with
a tweet that as usual has absolutely
thing to do with evidence is Robert
Millar ever going to release his
conflicts of interest with respect to
President Trump
including the fact that we had a very
nasty and contentious business
relationship I turned him down to head
the FBI one day before appointment as
special counsel and Comey is his close
friend this morning Rudy Giuliani was
asked about the president's accusation
that Robert Mahler has a conflict of
interest how can the president make this
claim and not support it it doesn't have
to I can't tell you I'm not sure I know
exactly what the complan can tell you
that's it that's the best Giuliani could
do with his clients own line of defense
about Robert Muller's supposed conflict
of interest now I'm sparing you a bunch
of high-speed incoherent words that Rudy
Giuliani added to that answer that had
nothing to do with the question now
here's another example of Rudy
Giuliani's ignorance of his own defense
case Allison cammarata asked about phone
calls Donald Trump jr. made to a blocked
number around the time of Donald Trump
Jr's meeting with Russians in Trump
Tower during the presidential campaign
when Don Don jr. made as you know that
day before the meeting and I think after
calls to a blocked number was that the
president I don't know that is a very
important question about the president's
knowledge about the Trump campaigns
attempt to conspire with Russian
government officials and where did
Giuliani it the answer is I don't know
Robert Mahler probably knows and Rudy
Giuliani knows that robert muller
probably knows who's blocked phone
number Donald Trump jr. was calling and
that's why Rudy Giuliani said I don't
know instead of a good strong clear
denial that Donald Trump jr. was calling
his father to tell him about the Russian
meeting before and after the Russian
meeting Giuliani is right for all of us
out here wondering what happened in
Trump Tower and in the Trump camp
Trump Whitehouse nobody can be sure of
anything but Rudy Giuliani is certainly
acting as if he believes that Robert
Mahler is sure of something something
that is very bad for the President of
the United States joining our discussion
now Jill wine banks former assistant
Watergate special prosecutor in an MSNBC
legal analyst Harry Lippmann former
federal prosecutor and Deputy Assistant
Attorney General under President Clinton
and Neera tanden the president of the
Center for American Progress and Jill
this issue of Giuliani's public
performance the the newly shutter Lee
incoherent Rudy Giuliani seems to me to
make a certain sense if Giuliani
actually does have nothing better to say
if the evidence that he is aware of in
this case gives him nothing else to say
it makes a certain sense that he just
talks as fast as he can as if he went to
that Kellyanne conway school of talking
fast to try to get through these
interviews because he has nothing better
I think the better answer would be for
him to be silent he ought to be zipping
his lip because if this is the best he
can do he is hurting his client what he
is saying really makes no sense I read
the transcript of that full interview
and it's almost impossible to understand
what point he was even trying to make
and I think as a prosecutor or as a
defense lawyer you quickly learn that
sometimes the facts are just completely
against you and you're better off saying
nothing and in this case that's what it
is but he's also hasn't got the law on
his side when he's yelling that there's
no crime that also isn't true and this
argument about whether the word is
collusion or conspiracy or aiding and
abetting is simply a question of
terminology somehow the American public
picked up the word collusion there is no
crime of collusion in the statutes but
there is a crime of conspiring together
of agreeing together of working together
of
and abetting and if you take criminal
conduct the hacking and you use that
material you are part of that and it
doesn't matter if you are the gunman in
a murder when you go in to rob a bank
and someone gets killed if someone else
pulled the trigger you're still guilty
of murder because you were part of the
conspiracy and I would say that we have
plenty of evidence of conspiracy here
mirror what Jill says about staying
silent is absolutely true for most
possible criminal suspects and they're
in there attorney-client relationship
but a politician as you know is in a
different situation and politicians feel
compelled to defend themselves publicly
at every stage of these kinds of
processes and we have seen Democrats in
the past also find fault with
prosecutors who are investigating them
we haven't seen anything quite as noisy
as this but but if Giuliani has has
nothing better to say and if there is a
political calculation by Donald Trump
and Rudy Giuliani that someone has to be
out there defending the president on TV
it's hard to think of a better way for
Giuliani to do this if he's gonna go on
TV just talk fast don't make any sense
don't worry Donald Trump's voters voted
for someone who doesn't make any sense I
think that what's happening here is
really that they don't have a cake they
don't have a legal case right this whole
debate about collusion I mean first we
should just point out Donald Trump said
there was no collusion for a very long
time now Giuliani is like oh there there
was collusion it's just not illegal but
what they're really doing is just
playing semantics games to give an
argument to their base at this moment
because what's I think is really
happening is that they don't have an
argument for the prosecutor they
probably know the prosecutor has a
pretty strong case of aiding and
abetting a crime conspiracy of a crime
they're not really disputing that
Giuliani is playing a semantic game
about collusion itself which no one has
said the word collusion means a crime
obviously criminal
conspiracy is a crime that he's playing
these word games and I think what he
really is trying to do and what Donald
Trump has been doing this entire year is
he believes he will escape free of this
if Republicans are unable to act on any
report of indictable offences and he's
disciplining his troops and disciplining
the Republican Party to attack Muller to
oppose to say everything's political to
make up this new argument that there's
conflicts of interest but they won't
tell us what the conflicts of interests
are to basically malign the molera probe
so Republicans will not act on a report
and that is why these elections coming
up in 99 days were so vitally important
because Donald Trump is placing a bet
that the Republican Party he could he
could be found colluding Orkin scrim
'''l conspiracy a betting or even
shooting somebody on Fifth Avenue in the
Republican Party will do nothing about
it and that is why we need checks and
balances and and Democrats to take a
house of Congress for some
accountability for this president let's
take a look at some of the risks
involved in the Julie on a TV strategy
of talking so fast today he revealed and
it seemed to be by mistake
that he believes Rick Gates who is been
indicted by the special prosecutor and
is cooperating with special prosecutor
was actually in a meeting strategizing
how to handle the Russian meeting let's
listen to this money David added that
there was a meeting two days before the
meeting took place with Donald Jr Jared
Manafort and two others gates and one
more person Cohen also now says but he
says too much that two days before he
was participated in a meeting with it
roughly the same group of people but not
the president definitely not the
president in which they were talking
about the strategy of the meeting with
the Russians the people in that meeting
deny it the people we've been able to
interview people who have not been able
to have never said that about that
meeting
Harry Lippmann your reaction to that you
know it's a complete slip of the tongue
by him the only sort of use you're right
it's all been incoherent except to the
extent it gives some possible preview of
what they see as coming two big slip-ups
in the interview that's the first
revealing not just Gates is there but
the the very existence of that other
meeting and then the whole trying to
move the goal posts on collusion you
know years of no collusion no collusion
no collusion
oh wait what's collusion they was it is
it was Co incoherent and frenetic and
you you were looking for someone to sort
of cart them away and give them a
sedative and I don't I don't agree that
it's the best he can do even if they
don't have much in substance you can try
to contrast with the manic crass oh and
speaking of crass how about that comment
Mahler stand up and be a man I mean it's
it's just
it echoes Trump and the thing to do here
and someone else could do it even
without substance is speak with some
dignity some calm make certain legal
points even if you're you're chastising
Muller there's a way to do it that
people might actually listen this
frenetic unhinged performance makes you
think that nobody has any idea what
they're doing over there and the real
lawyer in charge
Emmett flood must be tearing his hair
out listening to both Trump and Giuliani
completely losing it on national TV by
the way at least Trump's tweets are all
going to be admissible everything he he
says are what will would come into court
just just misstep after misstep and an
ear it seems that originally anees
calculation if there is one is that what
worked for Donald Trump in the campaign
to eke out a win in the electoral
college can work here I mean I would
have to say for everyone on TV what part
of the Donald
presidency has been dignified so far I
mean who associate with Donald Trump is
thinking the first job is to be
dignified in their response on TV or
anywhere else but I think I I think
truly that Rudy Giuliani is just doing a
kind of carnival barker experience here
experiment and trying to just throw sand
in the air muddy the waters make people
believe there's some response Donald
Trump has been incredibly successful in
getting a minority of the country to
agree with him on some pretty wild
claims and I think that is their
strategy going forward to just get their
base to believe this whole thing is
tainted the one thing I would say though
is that the this this strategy post
Helsinki I think will be much less
successful because people saw themselves
broad public saw themselves Donald Trump
basically kowtow to Putin and this whole
you know this whole issue of Russia was
made really clear to the American people
in public poll since Helsinki have shown
stronger support even amongst
Republicans for the Muller probe and for
finding out what happens and that's why
I think the White House is almost in
this panic and Giuliani's performance is
so panicked particularly on the eve of
the metaphor trial and Jill as to the
question of conflict of interest for for
Muller the rod Rosen sign said in
testifying to Congress that there is a
process in the Justice Department for
bringing conflicts of interest to them
they're open to it you want to bring
them a conflict of interest they will
examine it and he said there are no
conflicts of interests with Robert
Mahler and and the the notion that the
the president offered him the or
considered him for FBI director is
unclear we have never heard mother's
side of that conversation it could be
that Muller went in there to explain to
the president that he could not do it
and possibly make some suggestions to
him about who he should choose we don't
know what was in that conversation
exactly and all of this really is
nonsense
because there was a lot of discussion
about potential conflict of interest
having to do with Muller's golf club
membership at a Trump Club and some
dispute about the fees and that was
resolved a long time ago it was reviewed
by the Department of Justice there is no
conflict of interest the president is
simply repeating over and over again
because it seems to have some
effectiveness he just keeps saying in
the same way he says no collusion and
then hopes that his base will believe
that even though it isn't and he argues
as he has done that the facts are not
there that the law isn't there and you
know the truth is if the law is against
you argue the facts if the facts are
against you argue the law if both are
against you you better plead guilty and
I think we're getting to the point where
we can see guilt very clearly and I
think he is now worried because I think
he finally has seen all of the evidence
that came from Cohen's office and I
think if there's any leaks coming it's
coming from them to get out ahead of
this they want to protect and sort of
get the first word it's a very basic
tenant of trial advocacy that if there's
something bad get it out yourself on
direct examination
don't wait till cross chill wine banks
Harry Lippmann near attend and thank you
for starting us off tonight really
appreciate it thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
