the first trial from the Muller probe
starts tomorrow the trial of former
Trump campaign Chairman Paul Manafort
starts with jury selection tomorrow the
charges include bank and tax fraud based
on more than sixty million dollars
prosecutors say mana four owned as a
consultant for a Russia friendly
Ukrainian political party when she
apparently spent on everything from
multi-million dollar properties to
luxury cars and even a $21,000 watch
this trial is expected to last about
three weeks but mana fort also faces
separate charges in DC and that trial
starts in September even closer the
midterms for more on what's at stake for
Paul Manafort and for president Trump
from Watergate prosecutor and MSNBC
legal analyst Nick Ackerman a former
federal prosecutor also an MSNBC legal
analyst Paul Butler let's start with
this the basic core issues to me are
fairly clear here it's basically that he
had a lot of income routed to foreign
banks and then paid stuff out of them
with ever telling the IRS he made the
money that's right basically cheating
the government out of probably thirty
million dollars worth of cash I mean
what it's a lot right it's a lot this is
a tax case so you have to understand
that the proof that's going to come in
they've got to do a couple things here
first they have to show that he made a
lot of money that he earned it
that it wasn't a rich uncle in Russia or
the Ukraine that died and left him 30
million dollars so you're gonna have
rick gates lay out exactly what they did
to earn that my rick gates who is his
deputy who we know is cooperating with
federal play exactly and then you've got
to show that he there were badges of
fraud that he deceived the government
that he hid the money but he put in
phony invoices he created phony bank
accounts and false names that he did it
through cyprus bank accounts and other
offshore accounts in order to hide that
money so that's what this case is going
to be about and also in terms of the
bank fraud showing that he lied about
the value of various properties so he
could get more money when he was really
short on cash after the Ukrainian
government fell
Paul in terms of proving this case I
mean again it's you I think you've
called it a paper case before and and
because you know there should be records
they have and and people close to him
and basically say like look here's money
moving from X to Y and the IRS never
heard about it it's fairly
straightforward if it in fact happened
yeah it is very straightforward case and
that since the trial is gonna be long
and kind of boring there's gonna be a
lot of emails a lot of documents a lot
of bank records the prosecutors will try
to jazz it up with reports of the three
million-dollar Brooklyn brownstone the
estate in the Hamptons with the putting
green the million dollar antique rug but
at the end of the day it's a tax case
you know the interesting thing is that
Muller has charged 32 people with crimes
of those 31 have either pled guilty or
Russians who won't be extradited to the
United States and brought to justice so
manna Ford is the last man standing he's
the highest level official prosecuted by
smuggler with the closest ties to Russia
and yet the prosecutor said he's not
gonna say the r-word at trial he's not
gonna bring up Russia collusion or Trump
that that is an interesting point here's
what Giuliani said about whether Matta
Ford has anything on the president take
a lesson
he has no information incriminating of
the president I know that for a fact
they can squeeze him Paul Manafort does
not know anything and nor could it be
possible they did he was with him for
four months this is the exact same thing
he said about Michael Cohen a few months
ago I mean it's almost like he's gonna
join the lire category pretty soon just
like he's called Michael Cohen a liar he
called James Comey a liar
pretty soon he's gonna be calling Matt
Paul Manafort a lawyer
well but here's the thing he hasn't
right he hasn't cooperated as to Paul's
point he's the only one who's faced
trial I should note that not only rick
gates but tad Devine who is a longtime
strategist worked for bernie sanders
very prominently in the 2016 and was a
business partner of Paul Manafort is
also
gonna be testifying presumably about the
work they did in Ukraine I guess the
question Paul is as a former federal
prosecutor like is your expectation here
they're just gonna go through with this
trial and they'll do the other trial and
then if they win Paul Madoff or it goes
to jail and that's the end of that or do
you feel like there's something else
about this set of facts and Paul Matta
Fort Worth relation of the larger
investigation you know Chris I've tried
cases that have settled that is the
defendant has pled guilty sometimes the
day of trial sometimes in the middle of
the trial you know they hear the opening
statement they hear very strong
witnesses for the government and they
think wait a minute so you know it
remains to be seen if it goes to trial
it's unclear what the defense will be so
far the public defense has been this
case doesn't have anything to do with
collusion and therefore Muller shouldn't
be bringing it but that has not
persuaded the judge you know there's
there's one other part of this that I
find fascinating which is that he made a
lot of money 60 million dollars over
this trying there's a lot of money I
mean their political cos Omega a lot of
money but that's a lot a lot of money a
lot more than I've seen well it's also
sixty million dollars he didn't pay
taxes on was just Bob nice if you guys
work if you can get it but there's also
the fact that he was broke apparently in
2016 he was broken working for free and
he owned her old Deripaska 21 million
dollars and seems to be at the core of
this there's sort of a mystery of like
what the heck is up at Paul that
metaphors finances well I think what he
was doing was living way beyond his
means and when it came time to get more
money what he had to do is commit the
bank fraud I mean the whole government
theory of this case is he stole money
from the government by not paying taxes
and then when the Ukraine went bust and
he lost his job and he still had to pay
on all of these properties all of these
taxes keep up his lavish lifestyle what
did he do he borrowed money from banks
based on these properties by inflating
the value of the properties relating
jobs that he was he's totally squeezed
and he's totally over leveraged and he's
got way too many chances to make up for
Nick Ackerman and Paul Butler thank you
both for that hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
