well you Magda Harbo as president Trump
continues his attacks on the legitimacy
of the special counsels investigation to
the Russia meddling jury selection for
the first big trial stemming from the
investigation gets underway tomorrow
Paul Manafort former chairman of Donald
Trump's presidential campaign there is
faces 18 charges stemming from his work
beginning in 2006 for the former
President Ukraine a Putin ally mana Ford
made tens of millions of dollars through
his work but in 2014 his claim Viktor
Yanukovych was ousted from office in a
popular uprising in Ukraine in order to
keep up with his lavish dice at
lifestyle Hubbert manna forts accused of
resorting to bank and tax fraud those
activities continued during his time
working on the Trump campaign the
charges brought against Madoff would
include 5k there are five counts of tax
fraud four counts of failing to report
foreign bank accounts four counts of
bank fraud and five counts of conspiring
to commit bank fraud showed Madoff would
be found guilty he could face up to 10
years in prison Manafort is also facing
similar charges in federal court in
Washington DC which you'll have to face
later here to help us break it down or
Cynthia Occident a former federal
prosecutor and Kendall an NBC News
national security reporter what are we
going to learn watching this because
manipro was at that infamous meeting at
Trump Tower it will that come up and
what are we gonna learn about Trump in
this trial
sadly probably not very much one of the
prosecutors said the word Russia might
not even come up and it's not even clear
to what Ukraine will come up Ukraine
will come off but it's not clear they're
even going to talk about his work for
Donald Trump I mean this is a
fascinating story in a lot of levels
because this guy's been a fixture of
American politics since the 1970s and
it's kind of a Shakespearean tragedy
because the Justice Department
investigated him years ago
took a pass didn't pursue this case the
only reason he's wearing green jumpsuits
today is because he went to work for
Donald Trump but we're not gonna learn I
think two people that are facing trial
you're not gonna win on Trump's side
since they're because Trump is bad news
Trump is bad news and he's and he's not
generous he hasn't pardoned anybody yet
connected with him no you know one of
the big questions is why hasn't the guy
pled and some
we'll say whoa I think he's holding out
for a pardon well there's no reason for
Trump to pardon him it doesn't do
anything for Trump because that's the
way pardons seem to work I'm kind of
wondering if the if Muller's office just
didn't even offer him very much they
basically said you don't do anything for
us we have gates we have the information
what Trump when they were talking about
Russia he didn't overhear anything
that's kind of hard to believe well no
it's not
I'm sure gates but they have it from
gates and Plus what that's gonna happen
here is he's gonna get convicted in a
long and boring trial with exceptions
for about two days he's gonna get
convicted and then the sentencing
process is gonna come up and he's gonna
have to be do some cooperation in order
to get a better sentence so they're
still gonna have a second bite at that
Apple and he's got another trial in
September 6th he's right he's good he's
gonna be in jail the rest of his life
well Chris is not too good to you while
you're in there is it you don't live
that long inside that's right and I
think it's a life sentence if he's
convicted in both of these trials I do
suspect why does he just get on the
phone co-op Trump asked for the White
House number asked the Opera can I talk
to the president I'm not saying another
word if you pardon me well you know he's
already he's under an indictment for
witness tampering so he can't but and if
anything comes of the conspiracy in the
to violate campaign finance which I
predict will come after the election
he's gonna have a third or actually a
fourth indictment there's there's
nothing in this guy's future except
going to trial and being convicted
what's it gonna look like to the
American people that Trump's of Trump
skates as we say he doesn't get indicted
he can't be kicked out boss because
there's too many Republican senators so
he skates on impeachment and conviction
but he's still in office but two years
from now there's a whole lineup of
people have gone to prison because I am
yeah that's not gonna look to the voter
I don't know to do to the independent
voter not very good but did you're right
it becomes a political question not a
legal question you know how much of a
stench can they stomach in their
president you know there's no taping
system that we know of right so and and
and Richard Nixon didn't have Fox News
Donald Trump's got an Amen Corner
saying that black is white and don't
believe what you're seeing but what
about that look how it's our taping
system there you go what about what
about the family members I
always think when I try to think about
this over the weekend when I'm alone
I've just my wife and I'm thinking the
time when it comes to the reckoning is
when Trump has to choose between family
and freedom or staying in office
wouldn't he
pardon his son-in-law he likes okay his
daughter who he obviously loves wouldn't
he pardon them
there's gotta be on this this shopping
list of their shopping list clearly he
could pardon them but that could be an
impeachment count for obstruction I mean
I don't see it I was talking with
another very experienced lawyer today
and we chatted for a while about it I
don't see it coming in little pieces
like Justin died ting Don Jr just
indicted Kushner it's gonna be global
it's gonna be a bombshell and it's gonna
come after the election and it will
include everybody a RICO charge running
a criminal conspiracy I don't know if
it'll be Rico but it'll be a 370 well
president Trump and his allies have
attempted to downplay Paul Manafort role
in the 2016 campaign here goes I'd say I
feel a little badly about it they went
back 12 years to get things that he did
12 years ago you know poor man afford
worked for me for a very short period of
time do you work for me what for 49 days
there's something a very short period to
tell we had a little hiccup with this
guy man afford who we can find him we
know where he is he's right down the
road here not hard to find right now
aren't they nice to their people in
reality Paul Manafort worked for the
campaign for five months he managed
delegates at the Republican National
Convention where Trump won he then
became campaign manager can my friend
these guys are not nice to the people
they are not he looking he was he played
a significant role he was on the sunday
shows he was speaking for the campaign
and we were reporting at the time Chris
hey this guy's got some interesting
deals with Russian oligarchs and the
campaign just just just didn't listen
until they were confronted with hey this
guy's in real trouble isn't it
reasonable to assume that Trump sought
to take advantage of all this knowledge
of the internal workings of Putin's
operation when his campaign managers
sitting next to him yeah and it's also
reasonable wonder that's why I think
he's got something to give to the
prosecutor the Paul Manafort
to what the robber blower well didn't
you ever hear I'm talking about how
Putin operates how he deals with a brand
of what he really wants what you create
he wants Ukraine in some form
he definitely has something to give
the prosecutor doesn't have to give him
very much to get it right because the
prosecutor and has him dead to rights a
and B he has gates gates is a deputy
okay yes okay well let me ask you a
cosmic question a global question cough
this guy goes away for 20 years or 15
years whatever is that killed the idea
this is a witch-hunt we get some supper
which I think so I mean for reasonable
people there are some people who are
never gonna get off back which honor
thing but if you convict the campaign
manager the campaign chairman send them
away for 20 years how is this a
witch-hunt
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
