the other top story tonight apart from
the Trump Tower drama Donald Trump's
lawyer is also attacking his former
lawyer Rudy Giuliani unleashing on
michael cohen in those interviews
accusing him of being a pathological
manipulator a scoundrel and a liar the
man is a pathological manipulator a liar
there are innumerable other recordings
of other people having nothing to do
with the Trump the Trump the Trump
Organization which will give you an idea
what it what it whatis counsel II was if
you tape record your client and you lie
to your client about it you have no
character and a new claim
evidence tampering
more likely is he came back home he
erased the portion that he wanted erased
and then he tried to tape recorded
conversation it appears with Don Jr
might have gotten that too and then he
erased that well you've spoken to Donald
Trump whatever at what what's the part
that was arrest I had no idea just
Donald Trump remember no Giuliani says
the secret recording though could be
good for Trump we have determined the
fact that he tampered with the tape in a
sense that he abruptly mid-conversation
turned it off I think they put it out
because they wanted the doctored version
to obscure whatever else might be on
that day which will be very I'm sure
will be good for us I'm sure it'll be
good for us I'm joined by Liz plank a
senior producer for Fox News and former
US Attorney Joyce Vance thank you both
Joyce I don't know if you remember the
rapper Jo felony but he was very proud
of his felonies and I feel like Giuliani
here is basically turning this into my
Co felony if true he's accusing Cohen of
evidence tampering of true crime right I
mean this is actually even though Rudy
makes a lot of noise this if true would
be a big deal and if false the false
accusation of a crime is also a big deal
Rudy's gambling on the fact that he's
now appealing to the court of public
opinion not any sort of a court where
the rules of Criminal Procedure are
followed you're right Ari if it's true
that there are tapes that have been
tampered with and offered into evidence
that would be a big deal huge you've got
if you've got say just a tape recording
on your phone which is all that these
tapes that Cowan has appear to be and
you cut it off inadvertently or even on
purpose while you're taping on your
telephone that's a very different thing
than something that you testify to in
court and authenticate and offer as
evidence right I - right now I take your
nuance choice they're important you're
helping us understand that this is
probably hyperbolic and not real
tampering but it would be a big deal for
them to just go out and accuse him of
tampering it absolutely would be in Rudy
Giuliani is really operating on the
narrow edge of the ethical rules the
courts expect lawyers to follow it it's
in many ways surprising to a lot of
people that the bar has not yet
sanctioned him for some of this conduct
right and as you say I mean that that is
where there are still real rules that
apply to anyone who says they're the
practicing attorney here for the
President or anyone else then there's
the whole privileged part which again is
important even though Rudy talks about
it in a sort of a loose manner a take a
listen we have complained to them that
he's violating the attorney-client
privilege publicly and privately why did
you waive the attorney-client privilege
so there were the cohen tapes because i
know the whole tape and i could bring
out parts of the say for example if i
didn't waive it i wouldn't be able to
tell you that he cuts it off abruptly
which he does right after the word check
it ends explain it's very confusing
attorney-client privilege is one of
those legal doctrines that follows the
rule of once you let the cat out of the
bag you can't get it back in so once
Rudy waives attorney-client privilege
and talks about the tapes and the
conversations there's really no
surviving privilege and and nothing left
for Cohen to violate by talking about it
Rudy's tossing a lot of words salad
today and trying to see what will stick
on the walls this one will not stick
there's there's no there there Liz this
is a part where you you don't need to be
a lawyer to know that if your argument
boils down to how dare you take
advantage of the thing I did privilege
is out and it seems sort of like we're
done there all right and I mean word
salad is one word and I think weaponized
gas lighting is another word that I
would use to describe what the Trump
administration has been doing for a long
time but what has been happening
especially in the last few days with
Rudy Giuliani and I think you know
really Giuliani saying that Michael
Cohen doctored the tapes if Michael
Cohen wasn't smart enough to not use his
Trump administration email to coordinate
the harsh payment to stormy Daniels I
don't think you smart enough you know
had a doctor like dr. not imagine him at
a base no no
trouble with that with that it is like
making a second soundcloud backup I mean
maybe maybe and yeah what we're seeing
also is that Rudy Giuliani is basically
Michael Cohen named Michael Cohen
Michael Cohen is was Donald Trump's
lawyer but he didn't do a lot of
lawyering what he did was a lot of
trying to kill stories trying to
threaten people who had stories on
Donald Trump I mean the classic examples
during the campaign when Ivana Trump's
own words had been leaked that she felt
violation I know he threatened the daily
fuse reporter who had the story he then
tried to kill the story when he couldn't
kill the story he said that raping your
wife is not a crime what we saw every
did you only I do this weekend follows
sort of that same playbook so it's sort
of a different situation but for a
different yes man that the same sort of
strategy right and one other contrast is
that we know that Trump and Cohen were
having a lot of conversations one
difference with Rudy is they literally
seem to speak through the television I
mean because they and this is something
that I think sometimes leads people to
underestimate them there's this idea of
all Rudy's just making it up and he's so
sloppy well no I think there's a method
to it the method is if there's no
professional or personal pride in the
words that you say in the work that you
do then you can do your rough draft on
live TV and then redo it as he did a few
hours later when it calls in to a new
interview because it's all it's all just
content Joyce mentions that if it gets
up over the line of the ethical standard
there is a bar that does operate that
can do things to Rudy so with all that
in mind I want to play Michael avenatti
who made some news on Friday yeah to
consider that a lot of this did start
with Cohen and him wrangling over stormy
Daniels in the NBA avenatti making news
that there are other cases other women
at least one that he alleges also
involve the tabloid company doing favors
for Trump which could be a new and
separate legal infraction take a look I
have three clients that have hired me as
their counsel each of them had a
relationship with mr. Trump each of them
were paid hush money prior to the 2016
election there's at least one of them
involve Ami
yes and that would be a previously
undisclosed it's not Karen McDougal
correct correct
what is the significance that there
could be a whole another case as big as
the stormy Daniels one about a woman we
don't know about you yeah I think you'll
need a whole new hour or second hour for
your show because there's already you
know so much to cover in terms of these
stories and and I want to you know come
back to what you were saying before
which is you know the sort of strategy
that Rudy Giuliani uses that is the st.
charge at Donald Trump used he would
call into shows he would say one thing
and then say another thing this is again
a sort of weaponized you know form of
gaslighting but it's also kind of
weaponized incompetence like pretending
like they're just kind of they don't
really know they're kind of dumb they're
not dumb they know exactly what they're
doing and they're doing this on purpose
and and it's a cover-up I mean they're
trying to cover up something and it's
not just Rudy Giuliani who's doing it we
saw Lindsey Graham you know this weekend
say that Michael Cohen can't really be
taken seriously he's not a credible
person sort of attacking his character
so the Republican Party is complicit in
a cover-up that the but they don't
really know what crimes they're covering
up and that's I think what we should
also be really paid I think you're
making a point that overlaps with some
of what Joyce was pointing out which is
if a detailed discussion of the facts
doesn't favor you then you turn to the
mush and then people say well what is
this is it a legal brief this is
applesauce and you go I don't know is it
applesauce whats applesauce I gotta go I
don't know and so there is that mood
which is a cynical play but that doesn't
mean it won't work and that's why we're
gonna keep reporting on the vigilance of
it my thanks to both of you Joyce fans
and Liz plank hey I'm already melbourne
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our youtube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us
and we appreciate that
