tonight right now we are 99 days from
the midterms Democrats say flipping the
house could change the whole arc of the
Trump era grant them subpoena power to
hold the administration accountable and
everything from Russia to the
president's finances the environment and
Democrats say there's now blood in the
water with 23 House Republican members
leaving office and they just need 25
Republican seats to flip holding a line
on the 193 they already have now leading
that fight
there are as we've reported a record
number of women running for office some
emerging as winners out of tough and
contested primaries 307 a majority of
them on the Democratic side many looking
to reshape the whole face of the
Democratic Party that's me I'm Jane and
the air force combat veteran Lucy went
from an ordinary mom to a powerful voice
teacher I'm John Hayes and my story is
my truth I know the system does not
reflect us when Republicans cut off
funding for Planned Parenthood life gets
harder for women like me after I served
our country in the Air Force I came home
to take care of mom through my work as a
nurse I know how critical it is to be
able to get health care coverage two of
the women you just saw in that medley
are joining me now Gina Ortiz Jones a
veteran who's running to be the first
Latina to represent Texas in that
capacity and Loren Underwood a
registered nurse who if elected will be
the first woman and first person of
color to represent her district in
Illinois thank you both Gina why are you
running yeah hi Ari thank you so much
for having me and just a quick
correction I'm running actually I would
be a couple of first I'd be the first
out member of Congress from Texas I'd
actually be the first Asian American
member of Congress from Texas as well
we've got two great Latinas Veronica out
of El Paso and Silvia out of Houston
that are going to well represent us in
in in Washington in the business my bad
and my apologies thank you it's all good
it's all good no we're very excited to
be running you know I just spent the
last couple of days in in West Texas so
this district spans from San Antonio to
El Paso this is the largest
congressional district that is not its
own state and as I talk to folks folks
are so
excited not only about you know it's not
about winning for many of the folks they
know what's on the ballot health care is
on the ballot you know health care is
the issue that comes up the most whether
folks are can't afford it today are
fearful they won't be able to afford it
tomorrow or physically can't get to it
seventy percent of this district is
rural and so folks know that that you
know we need representatives that are
gonna fight for health care one in six
Texans in this can is uninsured one in
ten kids in the country re goes to
school in Texas and forty-five percent
of our kids in Texas rely on chip or
Medicaid for insurance so people know
that we are ninety nine days away from
the most consequential election of our
lifetime but they also know that we are
celebrating the 53rd anniversary of the
signing of Medicaid and Medicare by
another great Texan leader lvj and
programs are so vital to to so many
Texans and so American so many Americans
every day we've got to protect these
programs and I look forward to
protecting the opportunities that
allowed me to grow up healthy get an
education and serve my country Lauren I
I'm intrigued by the notion that
everyone's talking health care out there
is that been your experience or what are
you most asked about by voters in your
district absolutely I'm a registered
nurse that decided to run for Congress
based on a broken promise coming out of
my representative he promised that he
was going to protect health care
coverage for people like me with
pre-existing conditions and then he went
and broke his word and so as I travel
around my community the seven counties
in northern Illinois you know folks are
talking about how can we afford our
prescription drugs how are we going to
pay our premium prices when we're facing
these astronomical increases on the on
the rise for 2019 I mean health care is
the forefront issue of this campaign and
we've got we've got to fix our system a
question for both of you as women
running as we mentioned in a year where
we're there we're literally seeing
American historical records broken with
the number of women candidates and
there's so many references to the
aggregate view of politics day and the
view of Trump and that seems to actually
sometimes obscure something I know you
both know about which is a gender gap so
take a look here and when you look at
the support among women a higher
negative view of Trump 65% negative then
when you when you break it out otherwise
to both of you what
that means starting with Lauren so I
think that what we see among women is
that we are energized and motivated to
do the work in my community women have
been leading in every area civic life
they've been PTA leaders leaders of our
community associations our neighborhood
associations church groups right but
have not necessarily been running for
office and so we've seen an
unprecedented number of women stepping
up and being candidates in this era
we've also seen an unprecedented number
of women stepping up as activists and
leading groups in our community and so
what I see is that we have a huge number
of women getting involved because we
know what's at stake this you and Gina
actually let me ask you as you know
whenever you run for office people
always say well what do you think of the
political advice of Fat Joe right that's
just a thing that every time you run but
but the rapper and activist was on the
beat he's one of our favorites and he
says he's very adamant that Democrats
have to be ready and act like Trump is
winning not assume there's some blue
wave take a listen to what he said as if
he's up 100 points like you have to run
like we're losing yes absolutely gene
are you following that advice or going a
different direction I am somebody that
recognizes at my core but there are not
a lot of kids that go from reduced lunch
to executive office of the president
right that doesn't just happen my
country my community invested in me so
I'm very much running to protect those
opportunities and I think he's right
we've got to work we've got to work you
know if we think we're working hard
we've got to work harder 29 counties in
Texas 23 we were working throughout them
because this in this race 3,000 votes
3,000 votes is all that separated them
at the Congressional level in 2016 in a
district that Hillary won so I mean
frankly that's a tech that's a high
school in Texas right we've got a we've
got a run like like health care is on
the ballot because it is we've got a run
like safer gun laws are on the ballot
because they are
we've got to run like this country is
worth fighting for
because we clearly see that we're under
attack and we see the creeks the key
role that Congress plays an oversight
and no small part of national security
and we're not seeing enough moral
courage from our leaders in Congress
right now to keep us safe and I look
forward to bringing that well you know
in the media we talk about these races a
lot it's very interesting to hear
directly from people running them Gino
Ortiz Jones and Lauren Underwood thank
you both so much
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
