in case you missed it we are marking a
milestone today here at MSNBC it was 40
years ago that Andrea Mitchell the Queen
began her illustrious career with NBC a
career that spanned four decades seven
presidents and countless major stories
and joining me for our interviews Andrea
Mitchell White House correspondent for
NBC News Andrea Mitchell of NBC News NBC
News chief foreign affairs correspondent
Andrew Mitchell I should Clarence Thomas
then be willing to take a polygraph test
senator you've said what you're against
what are you for with all due respect
gentlemen there is a perception out
there that people in power particularly
in Congress here in Washington are a
closed Club miss Mitchell take a look
take a look at take a look at the email
trails and you will see I cover the
State Department that is just factually
not a Bret Andrea Mitchell with Andrea
Mitchell Andrea Mitchell Andrea Mitchell
Andrea Mitchell Andrea Mitchell and
Andrea Mitchell if it's Sunday it's Meet
the Press go ahead take a look at any
major news event from the last 40 years
and chances are you will find Andrea in
there potentially getting covered in a
bunch of balloons you never know she's
most likely in the center of the action
tenacious unyielding and always hungry
for the next big story after four
decades how does she do it
well with Drive and focus and an
unwavering commitment to journalism I'm
also pretty sure that there are 16
espressos a day and that probably
doesn't hurt either maybe 16 bags of
peanut M&Ms as well so Andrew Mitchell
congratulations for 40 years with NBC
News for embodying what journalism is
all about for setting the standard for
the rest of us also for being a personal
mentor to me
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right
here for you on YouTube subscribe now
