have you advised the president not to
tweet at least not to tweet about his
attorney general good luck about
tweeting funny moment there from Rudy
Giuliani good luck when it comes to
tweeting it's clearly the president's
preferred method of communicating and we
know Robert Muller is now looking at
them but Twitter is also an outlet for
the president especially lately our
friend Phil Rucker noticed something as
well tweeting quote White House aides
say time on the golf course
especially in Bedminster with its lush
rolling hills helps Trump clear his head
after a busy week as president check his
Twitter to see what he's thinking right
now after two days of R&R so we did with
a clear head the president only played
his Greatest Hits attacks on the media
between quote driven insane by their
Trump derangement syndrome very
unpatriotic anti Trump haters and then
he turned to those tweets we talked
about the top of the show about Robert
Muller the harshest attacks on him yet
calling the investigation an illegal
scam of a witch-hunt joining our table
Kareem jean-pierre a Democratic
strategist now a senior advisor with
moveon.org and Mike du Haim a Republican
strategist who served as political
director for the RNC it's my mission to
make them agree on at least one thing
Jennifer and Eugene are still here
Mike do Haim Rudy your old boss your
friend is helping or hurting the
president at this point or can the
president not be helped when it comes to
the Moller investigate I think he's
helping in terms of helping well I think
what you have is everybody's talking
about different things right now and and
the confusion is the strategy or even
well I think it's part of it I think
what you have is both the political and
a legal strategy I think what you saw
was Rudy as his attorney moved him
office of FEC well early on he moved
them off some of the FEC issues with
some of the complaints about that and
clarified some of those and it's are you
talking about the campaign fine about
what about what how things were paid for
and we now have a tape of the president
talking about the minutiae of hush money
payments to former Playboy models well I
think we've really talked about early on
I was trying to get that out and clarify
some of that now that's having getting
that out there and having that debate
out there obviously it's going to come
out Tony I'm not a lawyer but as an FEC
you cannot do that in a way that
obscures that influences the campaign
I'm aware of that but what he did early
on was move off of that and I think that
there is a PR piece of this which is
whether you like it or not
I'm just explaining the PR part of this
is to make sure that Trump supporters
continue to see the flaws in the
investigation and whether whether or not
sessions should have resigned I'm
talking about things that call into
question the credibility of the attacks
on Rosenstein the texts from Trump's
those are good these are helping I'm not
what I think I think what they should
want in Trump world would be to have the
investigation should be done and over
with quickly I think Muller is a
credible person obviously he was
appointed by president george w bush who
we both worked for and i think they
should let the investigation go i think
it a few skates it but his supporters
want to hear the other side of that and
you can't say it hasn't been without
flaws they have it had missteps along
the way they clearly have and so you
have to look at both sides of it and I
think even Democrats would admit some of
those mistakes have been made are you
gonna admit that mistakes of amazing I'm
gonna say this the only person who knows
any where we are with the Moller
investigation is Muller right I think
it's hard to make a decision on if the
investigation is real or not without
really knowing what's going on and and
what we're hearing and the things that
we talk about it's only the tip of the
iceberg Muller has the information so
that's where I say I say to that look
what Donald Trump is doing is so typical
it's typical Trump yeah the greatest
hits witch-hunt
attacking journalists media right saying
hey you know fake news energy and her
enemy of the of the people he goes after
Democrats it's all the same and what's
happening is the the walls are closing
in on him if you look at where we were a
month ago on July 27th Kennedy retired
right and it was it was this big upswing
for Republicans they had their second
opportunity to have a Scholars Program
and then the next thing you happens is
we would learn about Michael Coleman
tapes
Michael Cohen talking to Muller Helsinki
happen which was a disaster and the
walls are closing in on him let's not
forget on April 9th when they've they
raided FBI raided Cohen's house and a
hotel and an office the president
slipped out on an attack exactly eugen
back in Eugene the the publisher of the
New York Times went in and met with the
president talked about and there's not a
lot of debate about this but talked
about how the president describing the
media as an enemy of the people
puts journalists maybe not
this country in danger but but
journalists working outside of our
borders in in danger the president then
weaponized that that meeting said had a
good and interesting meeting at the
White House with Ag Salzburg publisher
the New York Times spent much time
talking about the vast amounts of fake
news being put out by the media and how
that fake news has morphed into the
phrase enemy of the people
it hasn't morphed into the phrase enemy
of the people the the media has been
smeared in the line by the president of
United States yeah for 18 Salzburger
who's a relatively new publisher of the
New York Times I've learned I think
after a meeting that no good deed goes
unpunished but he went in there too to
tell the president to cut this out that
this was dangerous and it is dangerous
he talked about how newspapers are
having to have having to hire armed
guards to to stand outside the buildings
and the president's response apparently
was well gee I'm surprised they don't do
that already
it is Donald Trump is his Twitter thing
he thinks he's a political genius and he
thinks his Twitter genius got him
elected President of the United States
and and and we'll keep him his support
the thing about political geniuses of
course is that they have figured out
something about the moment but the
moment moves on and so it remains to be
seen whether his Twitter magic continues
to work the way he thinks it's working I
would argue that the number suggested is
not working the way he thinks in artwork
it's working with his most committed
base and not with the independence and
others who decided to give him a chance
and who don't seem to be and inclined to
give him another chance I agree with you
Jean and Jennifer and I also think that
that if Donald Trump were happy with
just his Twitter followers he wouldn't
take a meeting with the publisher of the
New York Times Donald Trump craves but
he doesn't have which is the approval of
people who look at the facts who look at
him objectively he's always craved the
approval of the New York Times that's
why he keeps inviting that exact but I'm
gonna take a slightly different tack I
don't
this is a legal strategy all Donald
Trump has always thought this was
politics they never thought he was going
to get indicted at least not in while in
office
this isn't about eventual impeachment
and about keeping that demographic that
30% of the electorate in line he does
that by immigration he does that by
screaming breasts talking about shutting
down the government exactly and by
screaming at the FBI and that is his
strategy the legal strategy if there is
one is completely concealed because Rudy
isn't doing the legal strategy doing the
PR strategy and if hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
