meeting talking about the Russia
transaction unclear what transaction
he's talking about it does seem that
he's trying to muddy the waters to make
this whole investigation very confusing
that this is a PR strategy rather than a
legal strategy do you think the
president is being well served by Rudy
Giuliani well Kenny it depends on what
the president wants if he wants a PR
strategy and not a legal strategy I
guess you could argue that mr. Giuliani
is executing on that to put it kindly
mr. Giuliani makes absolutely no sense
and as you point out it is absolutely
not a legal strategy and by the way KT
collusion is a crime we just happen to
call it something else we call it
conspiracy but it is absolutely a crime
you know you probably won't find the
word bank heist in the criminal code but
bank robbery is a crime too and so I'm
sort of perplexed that it's come down to
synonyms I mean really these are
synonyms and if these folks don't know
that collusion and conspiracy are
synonyms for one another and this is a
legal strategy then they might want to
consider changing horses in this race
what hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
