the president took to the podium this
weekend to brag about the economic
achievements of his administration
talking about everything from low
unemployment wages and trade deficits so
let's take a closer look at some of his
claims okay because Ali the president is
fantastic at selling the economy he's
great at it and businesses large and
small feel good about his pro-business
policies but apparently on Friday it
wasn't good at selling he was good at
lying about this things are good
economically speaking but it seems like
the president still can't help
themselves when it comes to some lying
let's listen we've accomplished an
economic turnaround of historic
proportions all right not sure what he's
turning what turnaround is referring to
the president inherited an already
booming economy the US economy is now in
its tenth year of growth tenth year of
growth marked by falling unemployment
and gains in home values these are
trends you can look up charts it's not a
turnaround this is a period of recovery
that began under President Obama in the
wake of a major recession you can date
it back to March 9th of 2009 I am
thrilled to announce that in the second
quarter of this year the United States
economy grew at the amazing rate of 4.1%
well he's correct it was 4.1 percent for
the second quarter but that's actually
not unheard of take a look at this okay
this line here is 4 percent he popped
above 4.1 percent in this quarter but
the United States actually saw stronger
quarterly increases four times during
President Obama's term and with the help
of Republicans in Congress we passed
without one Democrat vote the biggest
tax cuts in reform in our history we've
talked about this one before mr.
president president Trump's tax cut is
actually the fourth biggest as a
percentage of GDP because that's
actually how you have to measure them
it's the fourth biggest in history the
latest round of tax cuts it was smaller
than Obama's 2010 cat tax cuts as a
proportion of hit GDP the 2013 tax cuts
and doesn't hold a candle to Reagan's
economic tax recovery Act of 1981 which
was the large
tax bill in the last hundred years we
have added 3.7 million new jobs since
the election a number that is
unthinkable if you go back to the
campaign
okay the president's claim that 3.7
million jobs is unthinkable except that
the figures actually on pace with the
last few years of the Obama
administration this is the average for
the Trump administration look at that
that's the average of the last few years
of the Obama administration President
Obama actually created more jobs in the
last 18 months of his administration
than president Trump created in the
first 18 months of his administration by
the way then the president moved on to
wages manufacturing wages are expected
to rise at the fastest rate in over 17
years now this one had me scratching my
head because we couldn't figure out the
source of this but we finally did it
sounds great it's actually based on a
survey of manufacturers not any economic
data it's hard to believe considering
that wage growth has actually slowed
this is wage growth in the Trump
administration
this is wage growth in the Obama
administration it has slowed
significantly under president Trump's
administration so the whole thing is a
little bit of a puzzle and when people
talk about wages in summonses being
higher those are for higher learning
jobs those are for high-skilled jobs
those low wage jobs which remember
that's that's where the problem is it's
where it was during the Obama
administration it's where it remains
joining us now Stan colander he is the
founder of the budget guy an adjunct
professor at Georgetown University
actually is the budget that he is the
budget guy okey doke Stan the current
straight strength of our economy is that
a sign that President Trump's policies
are working because when he says it's a
turnaround we just made it clear there
was absolutely no turnaround it's true I
said he hasn't messed it up
he's hold on his pro-business policies
his plans to deregulate is a positive if
you talk to small and large business
people but if you're talking to the
American worker they don't seem to be
saying that no and in fact you see GOP
candidates around the country are not
talking about the economy not just not
talking about the tax bill but not
talking about the economy because as you
just suggested
the benefits of the Trump plans are not
reaching the average wage worker they're
not reaching the middle class it's why
ago that Democratic wave seems to be
getting bigger not smaller Stan 4.1%
quarterly economic growth its quarterly
growth you know the spread out over the
year it's good it's not as amazing as
the president claimed why is it that
economists when talking about the
economy don't generally use the
quarterly number to measure GDP growth
well it's it's like looking at a batter
who went 4 for 4 last night and deciding
that he's going to have this phenomenal
year it's the only one game this is only
one quarter and besides if you look at
Goldman Sachs in a variety of other
projections the Congressional Budget
Office and others they're not saying
that this is sustainable in spite of the
president said we're going to do better
than this all of all the forecasts by
reputable economists are showing that
it's going to get worse not better and
that this 4.1% is the result of one-time
sugar-coated kind of medicine as opposed
to something that's going to be
sustainable and continue over a period
of time in large part caused by that
surge in soybean exports because we knew
the world needs more soybeans the TAT we
knew the tariffs were coming mr. sassy
let's talk about the raises though
because the president takes every
opportunity and he should to talk about
low unemployment but normally low
unemployment is better with people with
better wages and there was this idea the
tax cuts would lead to better wages
where are they they're nowhere actually
in fact you just showed a variety of the
variety of charts that would indicate
that the average workers not doing been
any better that wage wage growth is not
as I as it should be or it would be
expected at this particular moment more
importantly there's no expectation that
it's going to get better that is that is
that wages are not going to be rising
that corporations don't seem to want to
pay what it takes to get additional
workers part of this is it has to do
with technology part of this has to do
with just greed on the part of the
corporation's
you know so so we're actually no place
in and for the average worker it's not
just wages it's that interest rates are
rising inflation inflation you've got a
variety of things that are actually
making it more difficult to live day to
day than it
to make it easier to stand we got 30
seconds but the president tweeted about
a shutdown against us again this weekend
I think a lot of people sort of ignore
it when he tweets about it but what
talked to me about what the likelihood
of a shutdown actually is because we've
heard talked about in the last two 24
hours
well thank you for asking I've been
telling my readers for several weeks
that I think the chances of a shutdown
are is 66 0 percent nothing that's
happened over the last week including
the president's meeting with the Paul
Ryan and Mitch McConnell and then this
tweet have changed that I thought the
president's gonna look at this as maybe
his last-ditch effort to get money for
his wall especially if he sees the
Democratic wave coming so I it's at
least 60% at this point Wow hey MSNBC
fans thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
