let me ask you a cause yesterday
obviously 100th day some people were
talking about it
what what's the state of play right now
there's always a back and forth and
there will be more back and forth as we
move forward but where did the Democrats
where did the Republicans stand in terms
of confidence on whether comes going to
be stopped or whether everything he's
done the first two years are going to be
validated I think if you looked over the
course of this year people probably
think Democrats are likely it's pre take
control of the house it's still kind of
a coin toss in the Senate about a month
ago you heard Republicans getting sort
of this surge but optimism that maybe
they could hold on but the economic news
and some other things in Trump not
having created at least by his standards
too much chaos for them that things were
kind of swinging a little bit back in
Republicans direction and then Helsinki
happened the separations of families on
the borders happened other things that
kind of blotted out all of the kinds of
things Republicans want to talk about
they all came to the forefront and now
at today Democrats incredibly incredibly
confident optimistic and Republicans
privately back to pessimism and thinking
the house is probably gone and we maybe
can hold on to the Senate but the blue
wave feels stronger now that it did
thirty days it did and thirty think
about the three things that have
happened in the past 30 days
first of all North Korea has gone south
Pompey of Secretary of State pompei Oh
admitting that the North Koreans haven't
slowed down and in fact they may be
creating more secret sites to build
nuclear weapons so that North Korea deal
went down the drain John already talked
about Helsinki and lying over all of
this and I know this is something that
you'll relate to very much after Katrina
there were so many evangelicals who I
went to church with that we were you
know we do daily reliefs after Katrina
over to Mississippi and Louisiana and
they were shattered their faith and
George W Bush was shattered by what they
saw on the ground in Mississippi and
Louisiana that nothing was being done
well the question where are the children
that meek has repeated over and over and
again
I'm hearing from evangelicals that have
supported him this is not who we are
well and you can hear about the Russian
investigation constantly but in my
opinion that's not going to move voters
but my mom my sister-in-law they doted
for Trump they do not like these babies
who are separated from their parents and
that's a story that is just an albatross
as it should be I mean torturing
children on the border of our great
nation and it's something that Donald
Trump can't run away from but they can
they can vote according to their
pocketbooks Steve Rattner and for that
many are doing you would say pretty well
I mean in fact Don John Jr said busy but
Don jr. said then I've heard other Trump
people say this too that Barack Obama
never even get above two percentage
points for one quarter isn't that
amazing and Donald Trump got four point
one guide me never we're gonna do a
little fact check on that but the fact
is that Obama got about four percent I
think in three quarters but look the tax
cut is still incredibly unpopular I'm
only a minority of Americans supported
and there's a story in the front page of
The Times today about how the
Republicans are not really even
campaigning on it and also remembered in
John Heilemann we'll know more about
this than I do but I think this 42 open
Republican seats now something like that
not running for reelection you don't
know what it is to flip an incumbent so
now these are open seats that the
Democrats can take on in the house and
you've got Dana Rohrabacher Jon Meacham
running to and if he would just stop
speaking Russian maybe Republican hold
that sent down to Devin Nunez putting a
hammer and sickle in the of the GOP
that's sort of distracting there are a
lot of people that even are incumbents
that are facing a tougher time than they
thought but you know it's really
interesting we always say that people
vote their pocketbooks and been saying
this for a very long time that they
don't in off your elections and we'll
see what the four point one is in the
third quarter most economists say it's
going to go back down significantly but
we shall see but you know in 94 Bill
Clinton had a great economy
but he was seen as out of the touch with
the mainstream of America and there's a
massive Republican tidal wave 2006 the
economy was going pretty darn well but
again that was post Katrina that was in
the middle of Iraq Nancy Pelosi became
Speaker of the House people don't always
vote their pocketbook in midterm
elections often they vote in reaction to
what they've seen in the past two years
on cultural issues or even a leadership
style yeah I made the political science
on this is always pretty clear which is
it is a base motivated election the
economy I think it's pretty safe to say
is much more a driver in a presidential
year my own view with no evidence
whatever so nothing new there is that is
that the approval rating the the Trump
read a job approval rating probably has
seven or eight points maybe even a
little bit more of what I think of as
401 K from pers right now I think there
are people who are looking at their
statements people who are doing who are
on the right side of the economic
equation anyway they see their numbers
going up for all sorts of reasons and so
they're willing to not really dive into
this Russian novel story that no one can
quite figure out and they're willing to
suspend their bizarrely in my view but
but they are willing to suspend their
ordinary moral judgments about how this
president conducts himself and is now
representing us on the world stage but I
would not if I were in the White House
count on that last thing until 2020 no
we'll say enjoy your latest column in
The Washington Post really speaks to
this it's entitled Trump finally feels
gravity's unforgiving pole and reads in
part quote this Trump's stunning victory
created such disorienting shockwaves
across Washington that neither Democrats
nor Republicans understood but the
accidental president admitted to me a
month after his win the election could
have been held twenty different times
but that was probably the one day I
would have won the president-elect said
and
of 2016 everything came together at once
the resulting political horror show
produced daily by Trump has left
journalists and politicians reeling but
has failed to alter a few basic rules of
politics first presidents with approval
ratings in the low 40s lose their
majorities in Congress second cow
telling to ex-kgb agency roads support
with registered independents third lying
about payoffs to a porn star in a
Playboy model rarely helps with swing
state voters Republicans hoping to save
themselves from the political storm that
will soon wipe away their congressional
majorities would soon would be
well-served to speak out against Trump's
most destructive policies which are anti
conservative illiberal and sure to bring
doom to the once Grand Old Party will
already could be over no could be first
of all John I'm very humbled to have my
piece read on the Morning Joe well
that's just private place your name is
the Joe in black Joe that is the this is
your show but Morning Joe that you yeah
Wayne my musical so it's good that so
it's good that you get your pieces on
your show I also and me got a lot of
pull with the guys who run the place I'm
cleaning products that we selling now
that was somebody else you think so it
does it would it seems that trumps
victory was so shocking that that I
think a lot of pundits a lot of
politicians I think a lot of Republicans
have have over over stated his strength
and his magical powers his his
gravity-defying political powers but at
the end of the day this man is still a
40% president show me a 40 percent
president and I will show you a loser no
I'm serious
yeah I will show me a candidate that had
supported by the way his rely on his
reelect yeah according to the latest NBC
Maris fault
is reelect in Michigan I believe is 28%
in Wisconsin it's 31% show me a guy with
a 30% real late reelect I will show you
a loser somebody that loses midterms and
somebody that loses a reelection I just
think too often people overstate his
political strength because they were so
shocked that he won last time well yeah
look I mean I think that's I think the
shock is one thing I think the the
degree to which his behavior and the
ways in which he's departed from
Republican orthodoxy though various ways
in which he's thrown Washington to chaos
the fact that his base which is not 42%
but his base is about 35 or something
right right the fact that those people
are in movable even in the face of
things that so many people object to
strenuously causes us also to over focus
on the potency of the base and in the
end it's great to have a potent base
Barack Obama
rested on his base Donald Trump rests on
his base and both of their bases are
rock-solid
but again 35 you're a loser and even if
you get those extra ones the Meacham's
talking about you push up to 40 41 which
is where he is right now historically
speaking that's a disaster for an end
party president forty percent approval
rating you're just gonna get wiped out
in the midterms if everything that we
know from history holds true again Jon
Meacham my dad supported Richard Nixon
and supported Richard Nixon until the
final week and we were and were taught
that Walter Cronkite was a communist
though my dad watched him every day and
loved him and when he said that's the
way it was he believed that's the way it
was but he still believed that it was
all a plot by The Washington Post and
The New York Times and Walter Cronkite
and the mainstream media to take Richard
Nixon down who they hated ever since
Alger Hiss and I remember the morning
and 1974 where my dad was reading the
newspaper and it's just like the scales
fell off of his eyes all at once and he
may have said a couple of words that
can't repeat here the second one was
dammit and then he said if this man and
by the way this is a guy my dad had
worshipped since 52 he said if this man
has done one-third of what they're
saying he has done he should be thrown
in jail tomorrow this is a disgrace but
he said that a broken but after the
tapes there there was no denying that
Richard Nixon had acted abhorrent Lee
well--we're this is the week we're in
the anniversary period between the
Supreme Court decision in which Nixon
had to turn over everything he turns
over the smoking gun tape where he's
ordering the CIA to block the FBI from
investigating Watergate a conversation
that took place I think on June 23rd so
within a week of the break-in and we
forget because in our Movietone vision
of history we naturally telescope
everything and so we think our break-in
Robert Redford had something to do with
it Jason Robards is involved and then
Nixon gets on the helicopter right I
mean that's kind of the popular version
version of Watergate maybe Howard Baker
pops in if you're from Tennessee what
really happened was 27 months elapsed
congressional investigation federal
investigations to special prosecutors
Saturday night Massacre tapes dribble
out phrases like expletive deleted enter
the conversation and the fabled moment
which is very big right now among sort
of the MPR left in the country is which
I love is there's a lot of there a lot
of liberals now who are saying where is
very Goldwater when we need him which is
just we should all retire because when
people are saying that what they mean is
is that Goldwater and Hugh Scott and
John Rhodes went down to the White House
and they told Nixon that he had to go
they did it on August 5th after the tape
came out and then Nixon's gone by the
8th so these things take time I suspect
your dad's expletive deleted remarks
probably happened about this point in
summer 74 last thing quickly to John's
point 34 35 percent that was Joe
McCarthy's national approval rating
after the army McCarthy hearings if they
take Trump back to Moscow in an orange
jumpsuit 35 percent of the country is
gonna be with him that's just the way
the American politics works and here's
part of the problem one of the
president's Republican allies
Congressman darrell Issa says he doesn't
think Republicans will pay the price in
the fall if the president is proven to
have lied about the Trump Tower meeting
if he's proven to have not told the the
whole truth about the fact that
campaigns look for dirt and if someone
offers that you listen to them nobody's
going to be surprised there were some
things in politics that you just take
for granted you know this has any any
long-term impact then he wouldn't be the
first policies or president for that
matter - maybe misrepresent things that
and he gets over well you know
businessmen listen to listen to almost
everyone that might be helpful and by
the way they make pragmatic decisions
about how to make bad stories go away
Darryl why why Darryl Ike's not my dad
in that case first of all it will give
you around the table here because this
is so extraordinary even even in my
little office as a member of Congress
yeah if my if somebody come to my chief
of staff and said hey the Russian
government or the Iranian government has
some dirt on your opponent yeah my chief
of staff would have said hey listen
we'll get back to you in a couple of
days what's your name again what's your
phone number we'll call you back would
immediately call the FBI would
immediately call the FBI this is not a
close call anybody out there thinking
that if you listen dare I if that's what
Darryl eisah things holy cow that is
condemning and and here they keep moving
the goal posts for Donald Trump they're
lying about Donald Trump Donald Trump
did know okay now it's Donald Trump new
what's the big deal no nobody does
nobody's ever done this nobody has ever
done this that I know of has gotten dirt
on an opponent from a sworn enemy Russia
Iran you name it
never seen it in now almost
unfortunately 30 years I've been doing
this and covering Republicans and
Democrats in the presidential races and
other races the thing I want to say
about darrell Issa though that is this
this just goes to the real the thing
he's saying here which is that
Republicans aren't going to pay the
price of turns out the Donald Trump is
lying I just want to say just like
actions speak a lot louder than words
Darryl Isis retired from Congress right
right so he can spin a rosy scenario for
how Republicans are gonna not pay any
price for Donald Trump's behavior but it
seems like on the basis of his own
political calculations of his of what
was gonna happen in his district he may
have had a different view about what the
bloodbath is gonna look like this fall
and Donald Trump has already lied Steve
Rattner about Russian agents coming to
his office Donald Trump is already
mastermind the cover-up on Air Force One
where he lied and said that the meeting
was about adoption which by the way he
saw over the weekend an attorney of
prosecutors say this is perfect to show
the guilt the conscious guilt at the
time that something big happened in that
room because you wouldn't lie about it
if it was innocent sure but look I think
one of the problems we have here a
little bit is it's a bit of a he-said
she-said Giuliani was on one of the
sunday shows yesterday basically saying
there's five people who are gonna say
Donald Trump did not know about this
Russian meeting up against Michael Cohen
you know I was working in the Washington
burr the New York Times in the summer of
1974 and so I was sort of watching all
this and Meacham can contradict me but
in my recollection the tapes were the
defining moment right because you heard
him on tape saying this stuff now maybe
Michael Cohen has tapes that will be
equally condemning but so far I don't
think we've quite seen them and so he's
been able to wiggle and twist and worm
his way out of every box people have
tried to put him in so far so but at
least for Dale Liza what's the endgame
for saying something like that I mean it
it's obviously clearly something you
wouldn't want to support the president
lying about a me
lobbying money with their own their own
personal self-interest constantly that's
all we see on display consistently among
Republicans who are choosing to prop up
these lies and to devalue truth and
factual accuracy in the American public
and it's really disgusting I can't
believe that we're at the phase where
you know the the 12 billion dollar
bailout for agriculture because of a
dumb policy decision and all of these
so-called fiscal conservatives can just
get behind it because they're gonna go
with Trump no matter what and we're just
seeing where people really do not stand
for much except the ideology of thinking
about that really quickly again in Ron
Johnson I'm can't believe I'm quoting
run Johnson given the fact that he is
back to back down to Donald Trump time
and time again but Ron Johnson correctly
said this is soviet-era style economics
where you first of all adopt a a stalin
five-year farm policy the five-year plan
right and and you have tariffs you
destroy the economy and then you come in
behind it and after destroying the
economy for these farmers you then prop
them up with a twelve billion dollar
centralized state pay off after I just
gotta say a lot of farmers are already
subsidized like the big farm interest so
this is subsidy on top of subsidy on top
of subsidy but we've got to cut the
deficit Jo right there's a lot of
serious deficit hawks in Washington yeah
absolutely nine all right still ahead
Steve alluded to it a few moments ago
we've got a full fact check of the
president's economic claims that he made
and some of it starts with a simple
google sorry white wine o people why
don't people and all my friends and
family just turn on the Google machine
because rank it up crank up the truth
has been devalued and people must not
care because that's what this president
I don't understand so many of his lies
so many of his claims can be completely
blown out of the
water with 30 seconds and and just again
borrow your neighbors Google machine
they don't care
30 seconds and it is a proven lie and by
the way from a thousand different
accurate sources president look at my
crowd size it's the biggest one when it
was clearly the smallest it's sort of
like in the autofill you type it though
he can sale you know when he just puts
his mind to it he's a master messenger
and he has branded the media as the
enemy of the people and took it up with
the publisher of the New York Times and
so when he at the stage where he is
comparing the US press the Free Press to
an enemy on the level of Isis or
al-qaeda that's a real problem for truth
and absolutely right again the truth is
30 seconds away check out Google check
out y'all check out who what other
services out of here msn of course you
know get into the New York Times aspect
of this story in just a moment thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
