okay so on Friday president Trump was
very quick to celebrate the release of
new economic and why not happy days are
here again in a hastily arranged set of
remarks the president made a number of
economic statements now this was a four
point one growth second quarter yeah he
was so excited it's done so what you
have to do is check them out and you get
a sense of whether or not he's telling
the truth let's take a look at some of
his claims I am thrilled to announce
that in the second quarter of this year
the United States economy grew at the
amazing rate of 4.1% it's correct about
four point that's good saying we're four
point one if you can do that are a year
brother here's the thing most economists
would not use the word amazing to
describe it quarterly increases of at
least four percent are not unheard of in
fact President Obama reached that mark
four times including three times higher
than Trump's four point one percent
Trump's quarter would tie just the 13th
best quarter under Bill Clinton and the
14th best under Reagan so you're saying
that Bill Clinton had 13 better quarters
then yes but Trump calls it amazing well
it might be amazing but oh wait 13
quarters is that's like three that's
like three years that's a lot of that is
a lot of quarters so but I will say this
Steve it
I remember Bush W had won a five point
six or a six but it was like amazing
when the number came across there and
the economy seemed to be growing well
here again and if he stays at four point
one the rest of the year I'm gonna say
great job great for Americans great for
everybody involved but most economists
were saying just like they were
predicting the deficit was going to rise
because of reckless entitlement spending
and defense spending and every other
kind of spinning you could think of
there were a lot of economists who two
weeks ago saying hey we're gonna have a
higher quarter this time then it's gonna
go back down to two percent two and a
half person
correct essentially we can look at some
numbers and you can see both the
historic and what looks like it's going
to be coming in the future on this chart
here so do your poll you have charge so
to the well to the point about higher
quarters in the past you can see first
of all Obama's four quarters of growth
that were higher actually than Trump's
four quarters of growth let me stop you
right there we're gonna get to all the
charts but John meets him as you look at
those numbers
it is fascinating how Donald Trump will
come out and say something that Bill
Clinton beat 13 times is amazing
remarkable the greatest thing ever but
Barack Obama would have you know I had
GDP growth of over 5% and they'd get out
there and give a speech of we understand
that somewhere in America people are
still eating rats for dinner so we're
not going to celebrate this yet like
Barack Obama could never embrace good
news he always had to parse it he always
had to apologize for those left behind
it's just the opposite of Donald Trump
and somewhere in the middle is a
leadership style that actually works I
think that's right and I think this is a
great exhibit and what I think will be
one of the running themes of the books
about this era is going to be that
Donald Trump was as much a reality show
impresario as he was a real estate guy
he just pretends that what he wants to
be true is true and has now inflicted
that faux reality on all of us one of
one of the great ironies of and we
always dislike and others what we what
we fear is true it ourselves
it's no mistake that this is the guy in
no coincidence that he coins the term
fake news he's the embodiment of it yeah
well here's another of the president's
claims on Friday the trade deficit very
dear to my heart because we've been
ripped off by the world has dropped by
more than 50 billion dollars fifty two
billion to be exact
the trade deficit did drop but it was
also the largest it's been since 2006
according to the Bureau of Economic
Analysis alright so so Steve firstly
there's so much we have to correct here
I'm just gonna quickly say something
about the trade deficit Donald Trump
will say the Chinese stole eighty two
billion dollars from another way to put
that is Americans get eighty two billion
dollars worth of cheaper products I mean
so much of the trade deficit is fueled
by US importing goods that are
competitive that actually make
working-class Americans lives much
better so when when he goes around
talking about the Chinese stealing no
Americans are making the decision they
have the freedom to decide for
themselves do I want to go to the
grocery store oh I'm gonna go to Walmart
the way when they go to Target do I want
to get these items cheaper for myself
and for my family that's all the time
they say yes and they say yes and the
trade deficit did play a role in this
but let me just show you a couple of
things if I could first to go back to
the first chart for one second cheddar
reinforce a point you made the four
point one percent growth we got in the
first quarter these are goldman sachs
estimates down here and they show it
trailing off right as the quarters go on
and then the other point i'd make on
this if you see this red line this is
the year-over-year change in the growth
rate and so you can see it's gone up
it's gone down there's nothing
extraordinary at least yet about Donald
Trump's growth rate now on the trade
deficit which relates to these numbers
if we can look at the next chart you'll
see that in fact this four point one
percent isn't all it's cracked up to be
because of the four point one eight
tenths of a percent of that almost the
full percentage of that point that is
the stimulus that President Trump
enacted the spending cuts when a tax
increase pending increases in the tax
cuts that essentially destroyed our
fiscal balance ironically another six
tenths of the increase is the Chinese
importing a lot more soybeans in this
past quarter to get ahead of the tariffs
that are coming and so when you cut
through it all the actual unadjusted you
fairly adjusted base growth rate of the
economy
was actually 2.7 percent not 4.1 percent
okay so here is more from the President
on Friday we've accomplished an economic
turnaround of historic proportions yeah
all right
can we play can we play that again okay
I like that one this is a good there's a
good one here we go we've accomplished
an economic turnaround of historic
proportions
okay this this comes from the guy he has
all of his club championships like that
he won in his office of because he
cheated covers at the time magazines but
yeah the greatest turnaround in America
no this is Steve again anybody that just
goes on a Google machine can see that in
you showed port that the economy oh wait
was here went up and then it's been a
steady slow gradual economic increase
and I mean that's good news but that's
good news it's you know from Bush to
Obama to Tromp sure and we can show that
in the context of jobs if you want so
Trump talks about all the jobs is
created I think three and a half million
but let's put that in some context and
compare the last 18 months of Obama
where he created 206 thousand jobs a
month so the first 18 months of Trump
where he created 193 we must stop you
here I don't understand that because it
actually looks like Barack Obama created
more jobs per month in his last 16
months then Donald Trump created in his
first 16 months but that can't be true
because Donald Trump and a lot of people
on television that are newsreaders
actually are talking about the explosive
Trump economy so you're not actually
saying hold on help me out here
you're not saying are you that Barack
Obama actually created more jobs his
last 16 months what's that 18 months oh
so it's more so yeah you're not saying
are you that Barack Obama created more
jobs in his last 18 months as president
I mean
over the last year and a half I'd be
really hard to do then Donald Trump has
in the first 18 months are you
you know I am saying that no good enough
about the present and you know what lot
of Statistics don't like yeah
wait John John do you do you believe
that shove this chart again I just think
because Donald Trump says this is the
greatest economy we've ever had happy
days are here again Donald Trump has not
created as many jobs his last 18 months
as Barack Obama did his final 18 months
funnily enough I do believe it Joe
because of the fact that I on your
advice had become very familiar with the
Google machine you have been using it
quite aggressively recently I would want
to correct one thing you said a second
ago about the steadiness of economic
growth yes you want to not talk about
the george w bush part of it because of
course the administration ended with the
financial crisis that drove the country
almost to the brink of the depression
Frank have been oppression to our new
depression so basically since October of
2010 Steve I think it's correct that
that is one of the good the now 90 some
months of consecutive job growth started
October 2010 with Barack Obama we've
been on a steady path 'since you're
actually saying that what happened on
September 15th 2008 was not good for the
economy I am saying that and then we
want to not just we just don't want to
push in that seems a little early my bad
this is though this o is staggering I
least if you talk to any Trump supporter
they will tell you well I support him
because you know what he's the economy
we've got a record economy and record
job growth and record this we don't we
don't we don't we don't we don't go to
the Google machine and you will see that
Barack Obama actually was more
successful in creating jobs his last 18
months as president than Donald Trump
has been his first 18 months as
president that's simple but a lot of the
role is cheerleader in chief and giving
and projecting confidence in the economy
and that's something that you're telling
the truth how do I need to say turn
around
takes it way too far so it's one thing
to be pro-business and to convince the
business community that yes he's going
to be anti-regulation he's going to be
in enacting policies that are more
favorable to the business climate but
then just to all-out ly well and that
does not help any and Steve he now this
is what you just said very true you talk
to just about any business owner and
they will tell you that he is more
pro-business that the regulatory or
relief helps a lot and yes they will
take those tax cuts they don't think it
was done you know as well as it could
have been done but any tax cuts are good
tax cuts there is no doubt the business
community is more favorable towards his
policies than then Barack Obama's
policies and actually think they have
somebody in the White House it actually
understands what they're what they're
going through that said that you could
have said the same thing for george w
bush when the economy collapsed at the
end of 2008 so that alone and even if
that is the case that alone is is not
making the economy better than it was
under Barack Obama it's just not it's
not look there's no question the
business community is happy with this
and that he's given them a lot of stuff
but I think what we should also talk
about as the average worker and where
the average worker sits at the moment
relative to what Trump is proclaiming as
a turnaround and historically the
average worker Elise if I'm a Democrat
I'm talking about how the average worker
who got stiffed by these tariffs they're
gonna be paying more when they go they
go shopping
they got stiffed by the tax cuts they
went to the richest Americans and
they've gotten stiffed by health care
pre-existing conditions forget about it
Donald Trump and his administration are
trying to obliterate protections that
Congress laid down when it comes to
pre-existing conditions and we're going
to talk about lower wage growth under
Trump in a second well and there was a
really disturbing stat that I read
recently something like 70% of renters
are not 70% of the costs the average
income coming in goes towards rent and a
lot of the majors
these and that's completely
unsustainable for workers to have to pay
70% of their income every month I don't
see how we don't have a crime gonna be a
little doomsday here you know that ten
good years post the recession how do we
not have a you know dropping off the
cliff soon and what about wages are
going up so let's take the waiters
because that is the Holy Grail
everyone's happy Ivanka visits a lot of
workers and I think that helps shows a
visits Iowa by the way down on that
later more on that later
yeah but isn't it the ultimate litmus
test of an administration of whether you
make the average workers are better off
or not so let's let's take a look at the
average at the average worker under
Obama the average worker got pay
increases about 0.8% a year that's our
adjusting for inflation that's that line
I just right under Trump it has actually
dropped to zero point three percent a
year
so in fact wage increases under Trump
have gone from 0.8 percent under Obama
to 0.3 percent under Trump and in the
last two quarters wage increases these
are all after adjusting for inflation of
course which is the way to look at it
the last two quarters last two months
they've been factored zero there been no
waging so I don't want to say they're
just from 40,000 feet the US economy
under Barack Obama and the first 18
months under Donald Trump pretty good
right again it's a slower gradual growth
that Trump will probably be annualized
it may be two percent two and a half
percent
it's like Obama but again pretty good
steady growth over time you know it's
not three percent a year of yes and
exactly in a year of somewhat diminished
expectations of what we can perform and
produce two percent as a reasonable
number two and a half percent as a
reasonable number but the problem is as
I as my last chart shows it's not
getting to the average worker right and
the key thing about Trump is that he if
you look through all of his policies
find me one that has actually helped the
average worker tax cuts for the rich
tariffs
deregulation I don't think so also
tearing to shreds any hope for health
care reform health that would help
working-class Americans that would take
care of their kids with pre-existing
conditions that would take care of the
elderly I mean they're talking about
slashing funding for nursing homes when
you look at what they want to do with
Medicaid yeah it's merit out Democrats
are salivating about taking health care
out on the campaign trail as you know by
the way I just checked the Google
machine and your question no no no Trump
policy is to help workers so go ahead in
May he called Michael Cohen honest and
honorable yes sir oh Rudy this Rudy
yeah I remember what he called Michael
Cohen you did honest and honorable but
yesterday he called him a pathological
liar what mm-hmm
apparently he was the president's lawyer
though well I was just kind of
interesting that the president employed
a pathological liar was his lawyer but I
understand America's mayor said that he
was an honest man Rudy Giuliani has
Giuliani on the president's former fixer
we're going to talk about why next on
Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
