thank you all very much appreciated
thank you welcome back to am joy what
was yet another unprecedented week and
the fox news produced to presidency of
Donald Trump the White House took the
step of banning a CNN reporter from a
press conference with Trump and the EU
president due to what you just heard now
to be clear the White House banned the
reporter simply for asking questions
that the president didn't like in a
statement press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders said quote at the conclusion of
a press event in the Oval Office
a reporter shouted questions and refused
to leave despite repeatedly being asked
to do so subsequently our staff informed
her she was not welcome to participate
in the next event but made clear that
any other journalists from her network
could attend unquote so well here's the
thing
shouting questions at the president
during sprays like that is not only not
unusual or not uncommon it's been
standard procedure for like decades of
US presidents perhaps the most prolific
at the art of the shouted question
former ABC News White House
correspondent Sam Donaldson a one-year
freeze on the budget to embezzle armies
are you going to be able to do better
than that I'll be on the phone to him
every day
meet your own targets for the out here
maybe I'm keeping the target secret
we're still working on the whole thing
Sam
the Trump White House claims they
respect and open and free press but the
actions of this we continue to put that
into question let's bring in our panel
Tara Dowdell business and political
marketing consultant Vanity Fair special
correspondent Gabriel Sherman Joe calm
is an editor in chief of national memo
and Michelle Bernard president of the
Bernard Center for Women politics and
public policy Joe kanna-san I'm going to
go to you on this first the Washington
Post is reported this week that Donald
Trump has been venting about banning
reporters for quite some time before his
office finally did one at various
moments throughout his presidency Trump
has vented angrily to aides about what
he considers disrespectful behavior and
impertinent questions from reporters in
the Oval Office and other venues he's
also asked that retaliatory action be
taken against them quote these people
shouting questions are the worst Trump
has said according to a current official
why do we have them in here it's a lack
of understanding of the way it works or
a sort of an authoritarian mindset on
display in your view well joy I was
about to use the a word the
authoritarian where he can't put them in
jail at least not yet so the best thing
he can do from his point of view is to
ban them from his presence that of
course does not answer the questions
that he refuses to answer but in his
view at least it allows him a measure of
I guess vengeance or retribution against
reporters who dare to ask questions that
he doesn't like and of course you know
the hiring of bill shine as the deputy
chief of staff communications director
of the White House from Fox News where
they also ignore the questions and
subjects that they don't like is
imperfect congruence with this kind of
mindset yeah and let me read for the
audience the White House Correspondents
Association statement this week we
strongly condemn the White House is
misguided an inappropriate decision
today to borrow one of our members from
an open press event after she asked
questions they did not like this type of
retaliation retaliation is wholly
inappropriate wrongheaded and
week week cannot stand that's Oliver
Knox the president of the White House
Correspondents Association and Gabe
speaking of bill shine bill shine
essentially responded to all of this by
denying that the band ever happened
let's listen to that
did youdid fill the word would you use
what you asked her
your thoughts on the handling of this
buy shine a couple of things I mean I
think that is the first on the record
comments we have heard from bill shine
since his got his job as deputy chief of
staff for communication so that is not
an auspicious start for him right there
secondly I think it's important to point
out this is exactly the role he played
for Roger Ailes at Fox News he
emboldened Roger Ailes he encouraged him
he enabled him he did not sort of be a
check on his worst impulses and I've
heard from my own reporting that Donald
Trump wanted this reporter banned from
the White House other aides thought this
was not a good idea but bill shine now
in that role this is the first time that
it's happened so we should all point out
that bill shine is being an accelerant
on Donald Trump not a break yeah and you
know Tara the thing about Donald Trump
is his his sort of obsession with the
media throughout his career wanted to
cultivate the New York tabloids he wants
the New York Times to respect him so
this idea that now he really despises
the press is it the flipside of this
desire to be loved by them and not
getting the love and now thinking well
then what I can do is just punish them
right and the presidency actually allows
him to do these unprecedented things
that he's always wanted to do yes he
wants it Trump is all about vengeance
yes he wants vengeance on any member of
the media that doesn't properly kowtow
to Donald Trump at the same time he
absolutely wants media attention and he
is a creation of the media in many ways
of the tabloid media much of it was
infamy but it was still fame and he is a
product of that but I want to say
something about Bill shine and to your
point that you made earlier which i
think is extremely salient is that his
job his role is to facilitate Trump's
worst impulses and to figure out how to
make them palatable and maintain the
base at Fox News the the Trump base is
essentially he played a key role bill
shine and creating the Trump base he
created it with Roger Ailes that is what
enabled Donald Trump to be elected and
to exist today and I think that people
should not discount that he understands
the base of everything
else because he created it and I wonder
Michelle if they're if they're their
perception of the size of that base
maybe that they may be listening to
Donald Trump rather than looking at the
data I mean Donald Trump lost by
millions and millions of votes three
million-plus both he was lucky in that
he won by 77 thousand votes in
strategically important States is there
any sort of political salience e to the
idea that if you just keep the base on
ten just keep them plus table but
somehow he thinks he can be reelected
just with them because he doesn't seem
to have an interest in anyone outside of
that Fox News audience well you know joy
you got to remember that what you doll
of all the facts that you just stated
are considered fake news by by the
President and all of the members of the
administration and his staff so if you
look at it look at it from their
perspective he won the election the
popular vote doesn't really matter he's
got you know in his belief millions of
people who are on his side who believe
that the media is an enemy of the state
because they are an enemy of Donald
Trump at least from his perspective and
that's what they're banking on they are
banking on millions of people who are
thrilled by the prospect of Donald Trump
making black and brown people and women
across the country
the evil boogeyman who's taking away
people's jobs not technology not the
21st century workforce but black people
brown people and women and that's what
he's banking on for getting reelected
yeah and making the media the the enemy
of the people let's get some breaking
news in here this morning gave Donald
Trump this morning I'm gonna read the
whole tweet and I don't see the point in
it but he tweeted this morning that he
met with AG souls burger who's the
publisher of the New York Times and he
says that he spent much time talking
about the fast months of fake news being
put out another fake news has morphed
into phrase karma enemy people weird but
the New York Times has actually put out
a statement mister Salzburger mister the
publisher of New York Times and he says
my main purpose for accepting the
meeting was to raise concerns about the
president's deeply troubling anti pres
rhetoric I told the president directly
that I thought his language was just not
just divisive but increasingly dangerous
I told him that although the phrase fake
news is untrue and harmful I'm far more
concerned about his labeling journalist
the enemy of the people
I warned that this inflammatory language
is
tributing to arise and threats against
journalists and Mele to violence what do
you think I'm going to ask both of those
to the table yeah Donald Trump because
he also has cultivated who wants the New
York Times
yes back what do you think the results
of a meeting like that a personal
meeting with a juice old burger would do
well I you know I'm torn and on the one
hand I think having a dialogue with the
subjects you cover is important on the
other hand I think I worried that this
was a sort of a stunt that AG sold
Seoul's burger was used as a prop that
going into this meeting and Donald Trump
seizing the narrative and tweeting out
first
you know his take on the meeting allowed
him to shape it the narrative to his
supporters I don't really know what the
Times really thought getting out of that
meeting if they thought Donald Trump's
behavior would change in any way yeah
and the thing that is so fascinating
about it is that souls worker and his
statement is talking about that he's
threat he's he you know he tried to
stress to him the physical threats to
journalists as a result of things he's
saying not just the US around the world
and then Donald Trump goes out in tweets
the press is the enemy the people phrase
enemy of the people so it doesn't seem
to have had any immediate impact
absolutely not
and I want to say something because this
is disturbing and I think we have to say
it this is really disturbing what he's
trying to do to the media he's trying to
turn the media for his base not for the
rest of us but for his base he is trying
to make the media and enemy not an enemy
of just him Donald Trump but an enemy of
theirs as well he wants the the people
to view the press as also people not
just black and brown people and women
but the media as people who are seeking
to hurt them and harm them and plants
that victim mentality which is the
mentality that Fox News has cultivated
over the years along with race baiting
and so I think we need to be very clear
about how disturbing this is this
happens in other countries that we don't
want to be like yeah and you know joke
on us and there is the risk also of
turning the media into a supplicant
right where then me where then you know
leading media companies like the New
York Times feel they have to go to
Donald Trump to somehow negotiate a
peace with him that is not the typical
American Way the adversarial
relationship between journalists and
magicians is quite standard for America
for the way that this country has always
operated it is and joy the thing about
this meeting is I think it was
fine and perhaps necessary for the
publisher of the New York Times to go to
the president and say listen your
rhetoric is unacceptable and it's
putting journalists in danger and runs
against the the whole idea of a free
press but the second thing about it that
I think could be useful is mr. Saltzburg
er now knows what it's like to deal with
Donald Trump he found out you go to
Donald Trump you put the case to him you
act reasonably you tell him what's wrong
with what he did and this is what he
does to you and I think that's a good
lesson for the publisher of the New York
Times to learn in person yeah and you
know Michelle the sort of end game here
does seem to be whatever is going to
come out of the Muller probe and
ensuring that a certain percentage of
Americans don't believe anything that
they hear about the Muller probe if it's
written in the New York Times or in or
heard on CNN or NBC it'll just be
discounted is there a risk that that
that will undermine the whole country
reacting univer you know universally
what you would think in a bipartisan way
to this idea of our election being
attacked by a foreign power that that
now just becomes a simple matter of
partisanship absolutely I mean the fact
that everything we witness every single
week there is some other fact that comes
out that is so amazing that we all sit
back at least people who are rational
sit back and say for example what will
it take for a Republican majority
Congress to step up and protect the
democracy that they have sworn to
protect and we keep seeing that the bar
keeps rising higher and higher and
higher and higher
the bad conduct the inflammatory
rhetoric is all being ignored and I fear
that eventually we'll get to the point
where where this will come down to come
down to partisan lines the president's
base is going to look at anything that
Robert Muller comes up with and say fake
news yeah I did okay what is the Fox
News endgame here I mean they have a
very solid base that will never leave
them it will never leave Trump full stop
but long term what is the endgame
because if you then keep this deeply
entrenched base it's incredibly isolated
from everyone else in the country right
they are m in order
the country about 26 27 percent of
Americans and Republicans that hard
isolated base is that a long-term
business strategy in the mind of Rupert
Murdoch well they've had those very
conversations inside Fox News at the
highest level the Murdoch family
included you know Rupert Murdoch prizes
one thing and one thing only is profits
yeah right now Fox News is tremendously
profitable sure the younger generation
especially his son James Murdoch has
been concerned about the eroding
demographics of the networks audience
you know the network the average age
creeps up every year it's something on
the order of 71 years old it's
increasingly white this is not a growth
business so I think these conversations
are playing out and the problem is that
in the short term it is a very valuable
business and in the long term yes it's
going to change but that's not Rupert
Murdoch's priorities yeah and then Joe
on the other side you also have
competitors who want to try to encroach
on that audience notably people like
Sinclair I mean they could probably they
may be able to protect the president
from impeachment with this strategy but
I wonder if I don't know if there any
thought out there as to what this then
does to the country long term or maybe
maybe already care as long as it's
profitable and he thought among the
Republican media I doubted joy I think
there's a lot of thought in the rest of
the country about this and the truth is
that for the great majority of the
country the president's conduct and the
question of his relationship with the
Kremlin is a very live issue in a grave
concern there is a minority that
believes any nonsense argument that's
set forth to defend him yeah but over
time I don't think that will prevail but
lastly any chance that at some point Fox
decides to make a break if Moeller comes
out with something really really talk I
think that is joy the key question about
the future of Donald Trump's presidency
I've had very senior Republicans say
that what is keeping Donald Trump
propped up the only thing the sort of
the firewall between him and a total
collapse in this presidency is the fact
that Fox News is continuing to cheerlead
for him if you have them telling the
audience that Donald Trump is no longer
viable there I mean that's the the
trapdoor is open and he's falling
through yeah Gabriel Sherman thank you
very much Terry Joe and Michelle will be
back and up next Donald Trump wants
welfare for farmers suffering from his
tariffs and welfare reform for everyone
else I
asked a former victim of a Breitbart
smear campaign Shirley Sherrod what she
thinks about that stay with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
