we must we have no choice we must lower
our taxes and your Senator Claire
McCaskill she must do this for you and
if she doesn't do it for you you have to
vote her out of office around the same
time when Donald Trump called for her
I'll stir from the Senate Missouri
senator Claire McCaskill became a target
of a phishing attempt executed by the
same Russian intelligence agency
responsible for the DNC hacks of 2016
according to reporting by The Daily
Beast McCaskill is one of the most
vulnerable Democrats according to The
Daily Beast Castle is one of the most
vulnerable Democrats up for election
this year running in a toss-up state
that Trump won by 19 points
McCaskill confirmed an unsuccessful
hacking attempt was made saying quote I
will not be intimidated I've said it
before we'll say it again
Putin is a thug and a bully my mega
panel is back with me and also joining
the panelists Karina jean-pierre senior
advisor for Musa move on or before we
get to you Karina I want to go back to
Malcolm on this we know what's happening
again we know who won at least one of
the people it's happened to Donald Trump
this week on Tuesday puts out a tweet
saying I'm very concerned Russia will be
and I'm gonna read his tweets anywhere
will read this one is that Russia will
be fighting very hard to have an impact
on the upcoming election based on the
fact that no president with the capital
P has been tougher on Russia than me
okay they'll be pushing very hard for
the Democrats they definitely don't want
Trump as an informant telogen officer
Malcolm what does that say to you that
he is trying to say that the Russians
will interfere he admits it but it's
gonna be to help the Democrats you know
will I've sat on this show and I don't
know how many times that I said this
that the next election if there's a blue
wave the Russians could metal not metal
they could carry out another attack on
the electorate either through
registrations or even directly messing
with the ballots in order to sow massive
chaos and D legitimize the potential win
or loss of whoever in this election and
that would be tantamount to setting the
grounds for civil war really to be quite
honest
Donald Trump is gaslighting
on this issue he I don't know where this
vulnerability in him comes from Oh like
Clinton said only Robert Muller is gonna
be able to get to the bottom of whatever
debt he has to the Russians but he is
definitely afraid definitely afraid of
having it found out what actually
happened the last time that's why he
carries out this supposed election
security panel where he meets for 30
minutes and goes to a golf course this
is a key component of the Russian
strategy but then David Koepp Johnson
please explain it to us what I mean what
could it be Donald Trump has been
completely immune to sexual scandal his
base literally does not care about any
of that it wouldn't hurt him even if
they did have some sort of sexual
compromise on him what is it that I mean
if Donald Trump is afraid of the Russia
Russians then why would he be in your
view well first and foremost the fact
that Donald is coated in in heavy Teflon
says something very bad about the state
of democracy in America and Putin's
underlying goal here is to disrupt and
destroy democracy can read his own words
about this in Russian publications about
it Donald knows perfectly well that he
is deeply indebted to Russian interests
russian-speaking interests for money
where did he when nobody would loan him
money where did he come up with all this
cash to buy places
what commitments says he made what is
what's the full extent of his
involvement with the Russian gangster
Felix aider who's been able to
manipulate the federal government is not
going to prison for running a 40 million
dollar stock scam there's plenty that
Donald has to worry about coming out and
when he says they're trying to help the
Democrats you know that's almost right
out of the old Soviet playbook which was
if nobody trusts anybody who wins
whoever's in power yeah okay let's talk
about this you know we've talked about
the fact that the FBI is a separate
compartmentalised organization that you
know literally had to find indictable
cases that's not as if they could have
themselves and necessarily stopped what
happened you had the intelligence
community that was much more hair on
fire about what was going on and
attempting to do something about it now
we actually have a preview of what's
going on I want to play christopher ray
the
FBI director talking about the potential
for Russian interference in 2018 real
quick here it is we haven't yet seen an
effort to target specific election
infrastructure this time but certainly
other efforts what I would call malign
influence operations are very active and
we could be just a moment away from it
going to the next level and really
quickly the malign influence against one
specific person Claire McCaskill of
Missouri up for Senate reelection here
is Adam Schiff who is the ranking member
on the House Intelligence Committee
talking about what we now know is a
hacking attempt against her take a
listen it's really ominous to consider
that the same Russian actors may have
been involved in trying to hack a
vulnerable this Democratic senators
campaign right around the same time that
President Trump called for her house
tour from the Senate but what is also
distressing to me as the ranking member
on the Intelligence Committee is to
learn about these efforts by the Russian
hackers from comments by a Microsoft
employee at the Aspen summit rather than
be hearing about this from our
intelligence community it shows just how
unprepared we are so you know I'm gonna
be green in a moment but I want to come
to you about this night here because you
work in the State Department I feel like
the first time we were all learning
about it in real time mainly from BP and
so if we're all acting in the moment
right the Obama administration was
agonizing because the response to it
would have been a political response
they were you know Mitch McConnell made
it clear he would have attacked them had
they come out and been hair on fire in
the way that the Emmanuel macron was and
I know Macross said Putin is is after us
that you they publicly announced what
was going on in France and Emmanuel
macron survived that what could have
been done and in this case now that we
have a preview of what they're doing
what should be being done I think part
of the political caucus at the time was
let's not undermine Hillary Clinton who
may who is everybody at that point and
in political circles thought was going
to win they did not want to deal it
Adila JIT amides her election either I
wanted to stay out of it
in hindsight though we've seen in
writings of former Obama administration
officials including President Obama
himself there is a ghen izing over if
they did
injustice to the American people the
president sits at the intersection of
domestic and international policy right
CIA is not allowed legally to interfere
in the United States right FBI can't do
anything overseas the president is
supposed to be the one making these
policy decisions of how do you connect
the two after the election President
Obama imposed sanctions on Russians
kicked out Russian agents shut down what
we're known spy facilities almost
immediately after the election Donald
Trump is now trying to take credit for
those actions that happened the Obama
administration has been directed by
Congress to impose additional sanctions
has done none of that instead he has
decided to invite this adversary
personally to the White House during the
next election like giving a former KGB
agent direct access on US soil that is
an abdication of the commander-in-chief
responsibility the White House has that
is fundamentally what Putin regime is
relying on is the chaos of a lack of
leadership yeah you're getting an Amen
from Malcolm dance on that thing he
seems to be opening the door so let's
let me get Kareem Joe jump here and here
because if the president won't act in
fact I think he's also open to going to
Moscow himself it you know it's he sort
of planning more friendship with Russia
so if you're not gonna get action out of
the administration if the Congress at
least the Republicans who control that
are more focused on protecting the
president politically than they are in
necessarily acting then what can these
candidates be doing differently Claire
McCaskill put out a statement it's very
benign we know that there were three
people targeted let's put up the list of
the Democratic centers were the most
vulnerable these are the ten Democrats
who were elected in states where Donald
Trump won Claire McCaskill Joe Donnelly
of Indiana North Dakota's Heidi Heitkamp
Joe Manchin of West Virginia Bob Casey
in Pennsylvania which is a state Trump
apparently really is fixated on
Montana's Joe tester Wisconsin Tammy
Baldwin Ohio sherrod Brown Florida's
Bill Nelson and debbie Stabenow Kareem
would you advise any Democrat who
believes that they have been the target
of these same kind of phishing campaigns
that were done to Hillary Clinton to
come out with it Emmanuel macron style
yes I think they should absolutely look
the only thing these candidates can do
at this point because Donald Trump is
not going to
they're back at all he doesn't have the
country's back and he doesn't have
Democrats back because according to him
he thinks that Russia is going to help
Democrats and when the thing about that
tweet as well is when he tweeted that he
knew the McCaskill a threat had had
occurred and so there is no bottom to
Donald Trump there is no truth either
never have we seen before a small man
such a small man hold such a large
office and I'll throw in one more reason
I think that he's doing this his ego is
so large
his it goes so big that it will it's
preventing him for acting from doing
something to stop to defend this country
from the attack of Russia because he
believes that the moment that he
acknowledges this attack in his like
twisted thinking then it will it will
diminish his victory so instead of
protecting the country he's of course
thinking about himself but as it comes
to these candidates the only thing they
could do is work with law enforcement
work with the FBI high higher cyber
experts to work with them on this
because they're not gonna have we saw
House Republicans vote down funding to
get four states to get more money to
protect themselves from election for
election security so we're they're not
gonna get any help so they have to do it
themselves
and yes I think it should be out there
it should be out there to the public
because we can't trust Donald Trump he's
not going to tell us the truth
so as I'm as American people who are
going to go and vote we need to know
what's going on out there but Kareem
then what do you make of sort of what
seems to be at least from the outside
looking in the reticence of the
Democrats to really lean in on this
issue they seem to not really want to
talk about Russian interference they
want to run on local issues which is
important the economy in health care but
I will reiterate again that Emmanuel
macron was attacked in exactly the same
way when he ran for the presidency of
France they went full bore this is
what's happening don't believe any of
this garbage you're seeing had Hillary
Clinton come out and said hello pizza
gate is a part of a conspiracy I mean I
don't know it I guess a lot of viewers
may be along with me wondering why
Democrats do seem to be so reticent to
lean in and say yes this is happening
right I think because Democrats are
running on issues right the number-one
issue right now that's
really resonating with voters as
healthcare while the Russia interference
is important to voters I think it's
about 60% it's not that they shouldn't
run on it but there are are the issues
that are very important to folks and
everyone you know every folks folks who
are running in competitive house you
know Democratic House districts they're
gonna run their the different type of
races that work for them but yes I think
that as we go on I mean we're talking
about Russia now we've been talking
about Russia fell last week because of
the Helsinki the conference and meeting
you must summit whatever it was that we
saw two weeks ago so it's been it's been
out there but you know it's it's going
to be up to the the the folks running in
the season and to Claire McCaskill's
credit she's been talking about Russia
that think that's one of the reasons she
is in kind of their crosshairs because
she's been talking about Russia since
2010 yeah and they've been they've been
coming after her since then and look
watch I wondered then if we're gonna
wake up on the morning after the
election and start doing another round
of stories about elections that were
stolen or that were interview know that
were attacked by a foreign adversary as
we had all of this two-year warning that
it could happen we know that there were
21 states that were targeted by those
same Russian hackers who were indicted
we'd have indictments of a group of GRU
linked Russians who attack our election
systems in key states like Florida
Colorado Connecticut Delaware Illinois
we know this happened are we gonna wake
up on the morning after the 2018
election and say we it happened again
I'm not sure and I think in terms of
what the Russians are pursuing there's
only a few congressional races that
would make any significance for them or
any game but ultimately we should
remember the long-run goal of the
subversion technique is for us to doubt
our own democracy our institutions and
our elected leaders to think that they
aren't legitimate they maybe didn't get
there on their own or something was
shady if we remember back to 2016
election rigged voter fraud was a major
theme that was used I'm sure they would
like to reintroduce that again and a
good way to do that is to create
provocation 'el hacking attempts
specifically on voter rolls just to sow
doubt so that you can then influence
around it we should also
remember that hacking to power influence
comes in the year before the election so
what you saw was senator mccaskill those
attacks were starting in about August of
2017 this matches up with the playbook
we saw from the Kremlin where they
started hacking in the fourth quarter of
2015 and next year whoever's running for
president they should also start looking
if they're going to use this playbook
again if Russia makes a decision they
will do that and they will forecast it
by doing hacking and that hacking will
start about 15 months from now if
they're going to use this technique
again against the United States so we
know what the technique looks like but
whenever we're trying to decide how
we're going to combat it it's taken 18
months for this administration to have
one 30-minute meeting about how we're
going to mount a defense against Russian
influence if the president's worried
about the Democrats winning in November
because the Russians are tipping it
towards them well he is the president of
the United States he can do something
about it if he wants to I don't know why
he has to get on Twitter and cry about
it yeah and not only him Malcolm but the
but the Republicans I mean one would
think that it's a bipartisan issue that
we do not want foreign adversaries
attacking our elections but the
Republicans are I mean Mitch McConnell
came out said oh they better not mess
with us okay last time he told President
Obama you better not say anything about
it because I will say that you're being
part of the fair Larry Clinton in the
indictment against those Russian
officials who participate in the attack
on our election honor of this is from
the indictment honor about August 15
2016 two conspirators posing as Gucci
42.0 received a request for stolen
documents from a candidate for US
Congress the conspirators responded
using the Gucci 42.0 persona and sent
the candidate stolen documents related
to the candidates opponent we do forget
that it wasn't just Donald Trump are you
concerned Malcolm with two years advance
warning that we are still gonna wake up
on the morning after the election saying
this happened again but it happened to
candidates for Senate and House yeah I'm
concerned and Clint's right it may not
have happen at the tactical level in
races which were really close and
somebody had more influence operations
carried out against them or compromised
put out against them I think if they're
gonna go after it they're gonna go after
the whole system and when I mean the
whole system I mean they
just massively run a program and try to
get into voter databases even if they're
not successful so as Clin called it
provocation actions out there throughout
the electorate but on this time too
maybe they do it against the Republicans
in order to stoke that unrest and to
create a situation where a win would be
completely considered invalid by one
third of the United States now I want
you to just think about that for a
moment again that's the fundamental
basis for civil war and that of course
would allow Trump to consolidate power
if he wanted to I don't know it's a
nightmare scenario but what we should be
doing is every person needs to
understand their individual vote is
securable if they vote early if they've
get out there and they mobilize other
people to vote and we make it so that
there is no margin that this could have
an effect yeah I'm absolutely very
important voter leader yes and the
relationship between this and the
Michael Cohen revelation is that if
President Trump knew Michael Cohen said
he didn't only know about the meeting
with the Russians he authorized it he
wanted it to happen which means that he
was working whether to work with the
Russians to steal the election and so we
don't have to wonder why President Trump
isn't being more proactive it's not
ineptness
it's not ignorance if we believe what's
coming out of the mother probe it's that
President Trump is actively working with
the Russians to subvert our democracy
and then Nick I think then we run up
against the question well what can you
do about it
right there's a finding that even if and
this is a huge projection because if
this is not on the table yet if Muller
were to find crimes that were involving
the President of the United States
either before you were president or
obstruction afterwards after he was
elected what actually could be done
about it the Republican House of
Representatives have made it pretty
clear that they're not interested in
doing anything to Donald Trump or in
holding him accountable
so what could in theory Muller do well I
think even if he finds crimes yeah I
think if he finds a crime I think if
they really find the evidence that looks
like is there that he basically
committed treason that he conspired with
the Russians to stage the release of
those emails
don't forget going back to that June 9th
meeting at Trump Towers relating to
sanctions and the lifting of sanctions
on Russia that was the quid pro quo for
the help in the election so you've got a
bribe being conferred upon the
president-elect and there the statute
permits that in a certain period of time
so it seems to me with those kinds that
kind of evidence and if it's strong
the only remedy we really have is for
Muller to bring an indictment against
Donald Trump and if that's what the
evidence is that's where it should go a
way that that's accomplished is he's got
the goods on John jr. now there's a
clear perjury case to be made against
him and so he goes to the president and
say resign agree not to run for
re-election and we won't go after your
boy Wow now a rock is gonna be back but
letting all the guys go guys thank you
very much Paul Butler Malcom Nance Clint
watt David Cay Johnston Nick Ackerman
directions letting Kareem jean-pierre
subscreen whop they have you back as
well all right so it's gonna come back
another time we're giving you're in a
beautiful location so we're gonna let
you go have fun all right
up next you can't leave you know fun for
you Donald Trump turns the Tea Party
into socialists there's more coming to
the brick
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
