and just remember what you're seeing and
what you're reading is not what's
happening
well paging George Orwell Donald Trump's
full-on gaslighting of America gathered
newsteam this week with that particular
Jim and although he was complaining
about the media coverage of his trade
policies one can assume it goes double
for rushing eight my panel is back with
me and Paul in the break we were talking
about the fact that Donald Trump is
still denying we should repeat that he's
denying that he knew in advance when he
said I'm gonna do this great speech
about Hillary Clinton the dirt you know
Hillary Clinton the Clintons he's
denying that he knew a meeting was gonna
be set up okay but we now we also know
for a fact that he dictated Don juniors
cover story for the meeting from Air
Force One how does all of that work
together in it play Muller for us how
does he gonna look at that so in papers
to mother Trump's lawyers said that
Trump dictated the memo which was a lie
it was a false narrative about the
subject of that meeting and why do you
lie why you cover-up if everything's on
the up-and-up so that's consciousness of
guilt on president Trump's pardon we
think about guilty of what at least for
prompt campaign violations computer
fraud if Trump knew that some of the
information was coming from hacked
emails conspiracy to defraud the United
States and obstruction of justice
precisely for that false narrative that
mental that press release that was a
flat-out lie and you know what's
interesting down here is that the
committee what we call the show the
committee to protect the President these
House Republicans who've made it their
mission led by the chairman of the House
Intelligence Committee Devin Nunez and
his fellow-travellers there they've
tried to say that this entire narrative
is a lie made up on the basis of the
Christopher Steele dossier that
essentially a political document
designed to destroy Donald Trump is the
base for all this but at this point the
calls are coming from inside the house
okay Michael Cohen is mad as hell he's
not going to take it anymore is a Vanity
Fair headline Emily Jane Fox has been
who's a Cohen very knowledgeable about
Cohen and she reports there's a lot more
to come there's a lot you're with
someone for ten years you don't think
there's a lot the Trump Organization is
a big business and no
in that place made a decision without
his knowledge
so the idea now it's not Christopher
steel it's his old people well and he is
known to be a micromanager and somebody
who refuses to let go of the reins in
any way and as a that didn't necessarily
work for him as a businessman because
he's been bankrupt 11 times so certainly
doesn't trust expertise of other
business people and it's not working as
president typically this is why the
president has a committee to protect him
within the White House right you're
supposed to have people who deal with
some of the hard stuff and give you
legal cover right instead Donald Trump
is getting down into the weeds of even
what a press release says and trying to
control his own narrative to the point
where it's it's his ego rather than the
facts that are taking over everything
and that ultimately that ego is going to
be his downfall and David Kay Johnson
now you have the Trump organizations
finance chief being called to testify
before the federal grand jury his name
is Allen weiselberger he's considered a
witness people said according to The
Wall Street Journal it's not known where
he's already appeared before the grand
jury what questions prosecutors of New
York Southern District have for him tell
us a little bit about this Trump
organization and how it could get
dragged in in your view how involved is
the Trump Organization in the Trump
political organization oh there this is
all one piece
Donald is a micromanager but he's also
not a detailed person and he issues
directives I want this of that done and
Alan weiselberger with the Trump family
goes back to when Fred Trump was running
the Trump Organization
let's serve not forget that Fred Trump's
business partner was Willie Tomasello
identified in law enforcement reports as
a front for the Gambino and Genovese II
Mafia families all that money in and out
whatever payments took place whatever
contracts had to go a weiselberger will
know about those he may well be in a
position where when called to testify
he's going to invoke his Fifth Amendment
right which we all have and we shouldn't
draw any conclusions from but I'm sure
prosecutors and Paul and Ed can talk
about this would in a moment give him
immunity transactional or prophylactic
because we don't care about him he's
the focus of this but he knows where the
money went and where the money came in
and where went out is critical to
understanding what's gone on here and
Nick Ackerman if you are on the
prosecutor who gets immunity who would
be the person that you would want to
immunize to get them in front of that
grand jury well I think weiselberger is
clearly one of those people I mean he
was involved in every single one of
Donald Trump's tax returns there's no
doubt in my mind that Muller has those
tax returns but when you look at returns
you see different entries you see
different companies you can never really
just look at the term returns themselves
and understand what happened without
having the tax preparer actually explain
the entries and take you through the
flow of money in the flow of information
that goes from the underlying records
whatever those may be into the returns
so in a sense weiselberger is an
extremely important witness with respect
to understanding how the money came into
Russia went into the Trump Organization
how it was reported what companies were
used to hide that money who was
responsible for that and then what
happened to that money so it's not just
a matter of we could all have his
returns but you really need somebody
like weiselberger can really explain to
you what those numbers mean and the
significance of everything that appears
on those returns and Clint you know I
think one of the things that frustrates
a lot of people when they look back on
all that happened in the 2016 campaign
is that while the CIA was sort of hair
on fire about the foreign piece of it
about what Russia was doing in to the
granular piece of saying no they're
trying to help one of these two
candidates get elected Donald Trump the
FBI was very very slow and deliberate
about proceeding to that conclusion is
this complexity that we're talking about
where you've got the Trump Organization
tied to it you've got Donald Trump and
his family tied to it is this the reason
that it did take so long for the FBI to
get there in your view well you have to
remember how the FBI works and that is
they work based on cases they have to
build and open a case so the hacking
opens up a case which you have to then
do attribution of the hacking and track
it back that takes a very long
time in cyber and I think we've seen
that with the modeler dive-in somany
years for them to essentially get that
level of attribution the other part is
you don't necessarily know that these
financial track transactions especially
if they've not been brought as part of a
case are tied to any sort of foreign
influence and I think the third big
thing to remember is the FBI's mission
is to do counter espionage the
counterintelligence program is really
going after spies so part of this is no
one really has the assignment from
protecting the American public from
foreign influence there is no agency
that's really part of that there is no
task force
there's no entity that you go to for
that so when the FBI looks at this
they're looking at it as a series of
cases they're gonna be very slow to do
this because they're not really looking
too far trying to identify how a foreign
influence effort would work in social
media in hacking maybe through
white-collar crime or through oligarchs
or even through you know meetings with
foreign contacts all each of those takes
a long time to develop putting it
together it's not something they're
gonna be able to do very quickly and I
think that's a really important point so
when we come back and we're gonna keep
this panel over because they're so great
we're gonna keep them over and now my
buddy Evan I'm gonna tee you up for on
the other side of the break because I
think that's one of the things that
frustrates people that they don't
understand the FBI did investigates
domestic crime but this other foreign
intelligence piece was very active at
that time you were talking about it we
were talking on this show every week so
let's talk about why it is in your view
that it wasn't able to be stopped and
then some of the threats to the next
election because they're already
happening much more coming back to stay
right there
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
