it has been an extremely busy week of
fast breaking news on multiple fronts
with us to talk about where all of this
leaves us Jon Meacham the Pulitzer
prize-winning author and historian his
latest work is entitled the soul of
America the battle for our better angels
John thank you for coming on a gentleman
we both know one Michael Beschloss has a
very active and educational Twitter feed
and he pointed out the following to us
we'll put it up on the screen House
Judiciary Committee votes to recommend
President Nixon's impeachment for
obstruction of justice
today 1974 he included the next day's
New York Times front page treatment John
we don't have to draw any parallels but
the question to you is how much more
real did things get this week then are
now or both for today in current in it
because you know I because like
Beschloss who is the Gibbon of Twitter
sometimes sometimes July of 74 seems
better I think it got realer to use a
very elegant literary term what we
forget sometimes in the maelstrom of
what we do in the maelstrom of your
broadcast and just the the tsunami of
information is that these things do take
a good bit of time from June 17th 1972
until August 9th 1974 was 27 months Joe
McCarthy rose and fell from Lincoln's
birthday and Wheeling West Virginia in
1950 until late 1954 legal time does not
work along the same geological spectrum
as political time political time wants
action immediately we all we wanted we
wanted a decision we want to finish a
news cycle legal time takes longer and I
think given you know I don't know about
you but if I found out that my lawyer
had been taping me and
a special prosecutor of the stature of
robert muller had access to those it
would go down as not a good week yeah
well one of the one of the great
bromides of Watergate is that the hero
heroes of Watergate were Republicans
it's true if you had to extend that to
present day you venture any names you
care to guess no and I'm a little
counter intuitive even on that there
were I think seven Republicans on this
date in 1974 who voted for article one
of impeachment against President Nixon
which was really the most significant
one and I suspect the one that had it
gone to the Senate would certainly have
passed bill Cohen was was one of those
Republicans of Maine Hamilton fish of
New York you know there's this we've
talked about it there's this legend
about how Barry Goldwater and Hugh Scott
and John Rhodes went down to the White
House and to tell Nixon the support
wasn't there anymore but that was August
6th I think August 5th and one of the
things and I think this is worth
everybody remembering is though I'm
about politics and law moving
differently things do at a summit point
start to snowball and what happened for
Nixon in July of 74 was the House
Judiciary Committee under Rodino who was
doing everything he could to be quite
fair about it and move moved with with
with some deliberation remember in the
middle of the month this week we're also
celebrating the anniversary of this the
Supreme Court said that Nixon had to
turn over the tapes and of those tapes
was the great smoking gun tape where
Nixon actually says we're going to use
the CIA to block the FBI from
investigating the break-in it led to the
obstruction charge and insofar as there
is if not a parallel at least one of
Mark Twain's historical rhymes you know
it doesn't repeat itself but it rhymes I
do think what we saw this week in
unplanned was the beginnings maybe even
the middle of what an obstruction case
might look like we know we have always
suspected he knew a great deal more but
what was going on around him then he
that he's led on and I think we're
beginning to see how an evidentiary
trail may actually bring that home to us
and this ladies and gentlemen is why we
make it a habit to invite Jon Meacham on
our broadcast Jon my friend thank you
very much always a pleasure thanks Brian
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
