thing one tonight this was supposed to
be manna fort week with the start of the
trial Donald Trump's former campaign
chair on money laundering and tax
evasion charges but the judge granted a
last-minute delay to give manna for its
lawyers more time to review documents
and the trial will instead begin on
Tuesday in the meantime Paul Manafort
has been sitting in a Virginia jail in
solitary confinement and some on Trump's
team are concerned they're putting manna
fort in solitary confinement which
sounds like Russia in the u.s. in order
to get him to break and maybe they've
succeeded in cracking this guy and
getting him to lie I don't I don't know
I'm not sure that I have well I
shouldn't say and don't say say it I
wouldn't know
fact-check we use a lot of solitary
confinement here in the US it's not a
Russian thing we don't know what Rudy
Giuliani thought you shouldn't say there
we also don't know if Paul Manafort has
flipped during his stay in solitary
confinement we do know though that he
isn't singing and we know that because
today we found out he wasn't allowed to
bring his $18,000 karaoke machine to
jail with him that's thing too in 60
seconds Paul Manafort remains in
solitary confinement as he awaits the
start of his trial in Virginia for
allegedly funneling millions of dollars
through offshore shell account companies
to fund his extravagant lifestyle filled
with luxury cars over a million dollars
in clothing and several lavish homes
including one in the Hamptons you may be
wondering why today we found out a
landscaper is testifying at Paul
metaphores trial last week until he
found out he spent half a million
dollars in less than two years on lawn
mowing and hedge pruning which seems
like a lot the lavish spending at the
Hamptons house didn't end there
we're also seeing receipts for the first
time that show manna fort spent over 18
thousand dollars on a karaoke setup the
invoices revealed the new court filings
show the karaoke machine itself only set
Madoff work back $500 they also got the
950 dollar song package got to have
variety obviously to microphone stands
for duets of course and a $600
touchscreen remote among other
accessories all of which sounds like an
extremely sweet setup to me
no word on that of words favorite
karaoke song but I would absolutely pay
to watch him sing confessions hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
