now this week we are marking the beach
one-year anniversary and our producers
have found some of the most awkward
moments the longest silences and of
course some painful tosses now because
this may be hard to watch we have a
countdown clock for you to help us all
get through it together he says I'm not
the man they think I am back home the
idea that going out into outer space can
really change your perspective on things
thank you it's fascinating that that you
just dropped that jay-z always says the
streets is watching yes he does doesn't
he he does ari is this real life is this
just fantasy
this is real life yeah there you have it
yeah just holding the silence there it's
big there's so much on the internet
internet joke
quiet panel just a sanctions joke there
Brian yeah nothing look nothing nothing
no response
classic Miranda joke I'm looking at
faces yeah a moderate hit not a big hit
babies don't watch a lot of TV news I
kind of go rest my voice so I'm just
gonna I'm gonna take my you're right he
doesn't like it you know what I'm gonna
add one more thing when you say you have
to go rest your voice it could leave
people with the impression that you want
this moment to end glad glad you brought
me I want to do you want to end on a
slow slow handshake very slow real slow
very very like almost you want it to end
I that is true
where's lawrence o'donnell is he gonna
come down we made it turns out silence
can be powerful
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
