back with michael avenatti who says
today that there are new women coming
forward claiming they were also paid by
Donald Trump or others for their silence
he intriguingly mentions it could even
include the same tabloid company in the
middle of this whole Cohen case there
are three additional female clients of
mine that had not been disclosed
that were paid hush money prior to the
2016 election whether it be from Michael
Cohen are bad for the president in
entity there Michael Cohen form or am I
that's what I'm saying but those women
had relationships with the president
well last time last time I checked they
were just handing out checks to anyone
Michael avenatti
making news why are you putting out the
idea that there are these three women
now and why are you putting it out in
this manner without the more information
or their names well I'm not putting the
idea out there Ari I'm stating a fact I
have three clients that have hired me as
their counsel each of them had a
relationship with mr. Trump each of them
were paid hush money prior to the 2016
election and the time had come to
disclose that and we're going to be
disclosing additional details here
hopefully shortly as soon as the clients
authorize me to release specifics
relating to their each individual
instance but here's what I find really I
want to hear you on that but let me
press you on that there have been other
times in this in this wide-ranging case
where you've put out substantiating
information written information or
you've made a client available for
public interviewing that's usually in
our business how we verify facts here
you're asking people to take it on your
your authority without the additional
information and this has been going for
a while what in your view is holding
them back or why not more information
now
well because it's a big decision for
each of these individual women to come
forward and release their name and
provide specifics I mean this is serious
business Ari you know you subject
yourself to the scrutiny of the press
and you subject yourself to the scrutiny
of Fox News and others when you do that
it's a very it's a very very serious
decision a big decision for them but
look if people don't want to believe me
on it that's fine I mean I think that's
pretty risky in light of my track record
over the last six months but do it
mostly because at least one of them
involve am i yes and that would be a
previously undisclosed it's not Karen
McDougal correct correct so you're
talking about something that is very
significant that is embedded in the
wider the wider news you made in
clip we just showed if at least one of
them involves a mi then you're saying
this company which is under significant
scrutiny in the Cohen case by the feds
in New York was also doing something
else allegedly on behalf of Donald Trump
yes could that then raise their exposure
for campaign finance violations or other
misleading of the authorities about what
they were doing with that money yes and
I think it'll do the same for Michael
Cohen and let me tell you what I find
most interesting Ari it's late now on
the East Coast we haven't got a single
denial from Michael Cohen Lanny Davis or
Donald Trump or Rudy Giuliani not a
single denial no one has come out and
said that avenatti guy doesn't know what
he's talking about it never happened
what does that tell you well they've
said that before Michael to be well yeah
and they've been and they've been the
record saying you don't know what you're
talking about when you look at am i
figuring into all this it is hard to
understand why a corporation with its
own self-interest and profit interest
would get so deeply involved in taking
these risks on behalf of another person
can you shed any light on that well I
think it may come down to a personal
relationship and how tight the
individuals at the top of that company
are or were with Donald Trump at the end
of the day I mean I think that probably
would help explain it but you know as
we've talked about before this is a
president that demands loyalty from
everyone and provides loyalty to no one
with the exception of Vladdy Putin well
I appreciate the nickname there let me
play for you one of the theories that
comes up with this because the tape the
Cohan tape which of course it is true
that you said would come out and would
have Trump on it and it did well first
the idea that they were nervous about
what would happen if they didn't have as
you put it such a close friend at the
head of that tabloid company and this is
reporter Betsy Woodruff take a listen
the reason that that conversation
happened according to a source familiar
with it is because David pecker who's
the head of the parent company of the
National Enquirer told President Trump
that he was thinking about
leaving that company trunk then thought
oh no if my ally leaves this tabloid
company the company could then go ahead
and publish the Karen McDougal story
what is your assessment of that
well my assessment is is that that they
were wise to think that that would be a
concern and I think that ultimately what
you're going to find out is that one of
the reasons why they moved away from
that concept that use of AMI is to some
of these other payments was for this
exact concern that's why the hundred and
thirty thousand dollar payment to my
client for instance was not made through
ami that's why the two additional
payments that I referenced last night
were not made through ami for this exact
reason they wanted to close the circle
if you will so that the president
thought he had greater protection with
his fixer Michael Cohen who turned out
not to be tough and not to be too smart
do you have reason to know or believe
what am I got in return for spending
this money no but I I can I can you know
speculate that it would have to be
access or preferential treatment I mean
I don't think they did it out of the
gracious good graces of their art no I
mean that's not what corporations are
known for and it's not even what their
fiduciary duties provide for as to
Michael Cohen's assessment a potential
factual assertion that Donald Trump did
okay the Trump Tower meeting was that
news to you when that news broke last
night no it was not news to me
nor was it news to me today when they
immediately went after or last night and
today immediately went after Michael
Cohen and now claimed that he's a liar
you know this is going to be quite a
show re that's going to play out in the
coming weeks and months you know I think
on your show it was the first instance
back in early May that I said that
they'd put too much faith in Michael
Cohen I mean anybody could see that
what's so ironic to me is and you played
the clip earlier from the president's
former attorney you know everyone that
knew Michael Cohen or had anything to do
with it do with him knew that he wasn't
that tough and he wasn't that smart it's
amazing that this president would trust
him with his innermost secrets and it
just goes to show you what a complete
lack of judgment the president has in so
many aspects of
life that's interesting point it's your
opinion but it's somewhat grounded in
the risks we're seeing when you just
said though a moment ago in response to
my question that you knew this it wasn't
news to you how did you know that
Michael Cohen had collusion related
evidence
well again Ari I'm not at liberty to get
into details of all of my sources and
how I know things but again you know a
lot of my predictions have turned out to
be spot-on in this case well we asked
you these questions because a lot of
people do want to know how you know
things well and as you know we have a
concept under the law relating to
attorney work product and and Liberty do
this to disclose a lot of that
information very similar to journalists
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
