I expected something like this from
Cummings been lying all week I mean or
four to your life or years and I don't
see how he has any credibility of it
this is basically if you had a trial and
there won't be a trial here but if you
had a trial you'd say well why do you
want to pick you want to pick the first
lie the second lie or maybe some new
life there's nobody that I know that
knows him that hasn't warned me that if
he's back is up against the wall he'll
lie like crazy because he's alive all
his life the man is a liar a proven liar
there's no way you're gonna bring down
the president United States on the
testimony uncorroborated of a proven
liar I guarantee you this guy is a
proven liar
so Hyland is during the table I saw that
last night I missed the beginning and I
thought he was talking about yeah the
great thing about it is that he's saying
first of all he's saying we can't take
the testimony of a proven liar who was
the personal lawyer of the proven liar
because well how would you possibly know
what to do I will say somebody made the
point this morning I believe it was
Joyce fans who said that when you're
prosecuting case you need to pick your
witnesses your witnesses are chosen by
the defendant the defendant chooses who
to commit crimes with often they choose
Liars to commit crimes with and so you
get witnesses who are liars the question
what you do in a court is you
demonstrate why certain people who are
proven liars are believable in this
instance because of the accumulation of
evidence and others who are proven liars
or should not be believed because of
another accumulation of evidence but the
fact that anyone the president or
Michael Cohen or anybody else has a
history of lying is not relevant to
whether what they're saying in any given
instance is true and what the totality
of the evidence shows in that case I
guess in the point is we're so
conditioned to cover their lives to talk
about everything they say is lies but
now we're talking about a legal setting
where they have serious serious
implications it's of course just funny
to hear Rudy talking about like I missed
much higher rate about liar
dawai oh my god discredit Cohen strategy
was on full display in the aftermath of
reports that Michael Cohen is willing to
offer potentially damning information on
Trump to Robert Muller
just after Cohen's lawyer released a
recording of a conversation with Trump
about hush money it's become an all-out
war between Trump and his former fixer
that at least according to The Daily
Beast has left their relationships
shattered beyond repair The Daily Beast
reporting quote to sources who have
spoken to Trump about Cohen this week
said the president was furious hurling
expletives for one confidante after CNN
revealed Cohen had covertly recorded at
least one of their conversations they're
dead to each other now said another
source close to the president who also
knows Cohen trug allies are already
gaming out how to in the words of one
outside adviser Barry Cohen joining us
now former US Attorney barbara mcquade
betsy Woodruff politics reporter for The
Daily Beast and as I mentioned Hollen is
joined the table Barbara let me ask you
a question
there's also reporting that Michael
Cohen puts other people in the room with
Donald Trump jr. and the president could
that be the piece that explains why he
was willing to dangle this out there
could that be something that's of
interest or of value if he can paint a
picture and and offer up the names of
other witnesses that could say that yeah
Donald Trump knew about this meeting yes
very much so in fact if you listen to
Rudy Giuliani when he's using the word
lie lie lie over and over again one of
the things he says that's really
important is uncorroborated the key that
a prosecutor would want to do in a case
with a witness like Michael Kahn is to
corroborate him and one way you can do
it is by not calling him at all but
calling these other people he can
provide the information that person a B
and C were also in the room when this
happened and so it could be that that's
very helpful information but that Robert
Muller ends up calling as a witness
person a B or C in addition there can be
all kinds of other corroboration there
could be maybe he recorded the
conversation as he's done on other
occasions
maybe there are text messages referring
to the conversation or email messages so
there are a lot of ways you can
corroborate it you wouldn't have that
statement standing all alone be all that
you rely on you would use all these
other ways to support it and Betsy where
drupe that's why they're destroy Michael
Cohen plan
come up well short of erasing him as the
x-factor here he may know enough about
other people who saw and witnessed what
went on and what went down in Trump
Tower that's right if you don't have to
rely on Michael Cohen you probably won't
want to and a assuming that the
reporting is correct which I haven't
confirmed but assuming it's correct that
there were additional people in the room
when Trump was alerted to the fact that
this meeting was going to happen that
obviously would play a key role in
potentially corroborating anything
Michael Cohen said one thing I can tell
you is that these the attack so the
efforts to undermine Cohen are likely to
come from people outside the White House
don't anticipate people currently
working in the White House going after
him it would put them in a very weird
situation to try to attack the
credibility of someone who up and so
quite recently worked for their boss the
president however people in Rudy
Giuliani's circle additional outside
surrogates outside allies you can expect
to see those people in the coming weeks
and months do everything in their power
to try to just torch Michael Cohen's
credibility fortunate Michael Cohen's
credibility is key to defending the
president here way talked about persons
a B and C I'd like to just suggest the
possibility on the basis not of any
assertion that this is true but on the
basis of just knowing the way that
campaign or what we call world like in
June of 2016
I'd like to suggest person H and
specific person HH Hope Hicks if you
were looking for likely people who would
likely have been in almost any room
Donald Trump was in when you were
talking about meetings that might be
happening that building in June of 2016
hope pigs would be at the top that licks
list and she has already talked to
Robert Muller do you know if I'm hope
picks is one of the people Michael Cohen
can put in that room I do not know but I
do know how closely Michael Cohen and
Howe picks and everyone in that very
small mom-and-pop office a mom-and-pop
shop office that is Trump Tower you just
dropped a story and I want to get to it
but this is a really important point
people around the president this is why
we started the show by saying what we
heard with our own ears is really
important Donald Trump wasn't walled off
from the gross aspects of covering up
his sexual relationships or being
involved in getting dirt that was where
he thrived and he wasn't some Titan of
business here at a very small
mom-and-pop operation and Michael Cohen
was his right-hand man people often
think of the trunk organ
because President Trump is a very good
Brander as this big fortune 500 like
company it is tiny and it's basically
his home office he was in that building
right children grew up in that building
it's a very very small operation where
people have worked there for dozens of
years people don't leave new people
don't really come in right and so not
only does everyone there know what's
going on and know all the players and
everyone's interconnected but as people
who are close to the president have
always said to me nothing happens in
that organization without the president
knowing that and maybe took and he
always took a very intense interest in
negative information about Hillary
Clinton I want to get you in on this and
then I want to get to Emily's piece all
that information obviously known to
Robert Muller the Southern District of
New York it seems like there's a lot
that they know that we don't know at
this point yeah that's absolutely right
if you think about the the two big
investigations going on here the Waller
investigation and the Southern District
of New York investigation Michael Cohen
is the piece that fuses those two
investigations together obviously we
know he comes up in the he's now put
himself in the middle of the Moller
investigation with this piece of
information that leaked out last night
there he also comes up prominently in
the dossier there was a report on the
klatch East several months ago that
reports that he actually was in Prague
as the dossier said despite his denials
that report hasn't been confirmed by any
other news outlet so I think we're
waiting to see whether that's true or
not he denied it but he's now seems to
be changing his story he obviously is
the target of the SD NY investigation
which we now know is pulling in the
Trump Organization because SD NY has
subpoenaed the CFO of the Trump
Organization so when you look at these
two massive threats to the president
Michael Cohen is right at the center of
both of them and if he does decide that
his only path forward his only way out
of this jeopardy because he's not gonna
get a partner anymore that seems clear
is to talk about both what he knows
about Russia and what he knows about
Trump's business dealings before the
campaign ever began it is a nor and
enormous enormous threat to the
president Emily let's put up the
headline for your new piece just dropped
a couple of minutes ago after you're on
the air we love that we love people who
file in the four o'clock hour fury
Michael Cohen is mad as hell and he's
not going to take it anymore and and
this jumped out at me Cohen has reached
out to another Trump foe according to
two people with knowledge of the
situation on Friday morning Cohen texted
Steve Bannon that's the
morning the former White House chief
strategist who was forcibly ejected from
the White House after making a series of
inflammatory remarks about the president
and his family to Michael Wolfe in his
book fire in fury in one claim Bannon
told Wolfe that Trump knew about the
Trump Tower meeting with Don junior and
the Russian lawyer the chance that Don
junior did not walk these demos up to
his father's office on the trip Mo's
have to Google that after I forgot I've
read this before I forgot what it meant
the fact that he did not walk them up to
his father's office on the 26th floor is
zero Bannon told wolf calling the
meeting treasonous and unpatriotic that
was the claim that among other things
God Bannon thrown out of his cushy West
Wing perch talked about the fact that
Cohen and Bannon now corroborate one
another's version of Donald Trump's
knowledge of the meeting timing is
everything right so they're their
stories now aligned these are two people
who didn't necessarily work together and
didn't necessarily see eye to eye during
the campaign but this morning of all
mornings after the news broke Michael
Cohen is is living in a hotel where
Steve Bannon stays when he comes to New
York and and Michael Cohen had run into
people who work with Steve Bannon and to
Michael Cohen fired off a text and said
hey I've seen all your people around are
you still at the Regency and steepen and
responded basically saying you know nice
to hear from your brother but I think we
should only communicate loyal lawyer to
lawyer from now on but once this all
blows over we should catch up and let's
just let's just be clear about one thing
about this I think Steve and his
testimony here is valuable in the sense
that he understands the downtown Trump
operates he understands the inner
workings of that organization he was not
present in June of 2016 right he was not
in that room he was not working on the
campaign yet it was still 2 months
before he would join so he's speculating
about what do you could never be a
direct evidentiary witness in this case
because he was not present at that time
however like I said he knew how the
operation worked he knows what the
relationship between Don Trump Donald
Trump jr. is and his father he knows
what kinds of things the son would tell
the father what kinds of things the
father would want to know he has it's
very informed highly informed
speculation Barbara McQuade how does an
investigator look at that take into
account that they have similar and the
analysis is the same Michael Cohen
though
as an eyewitness who was that saying
that he was in the room when Don Jr told
the president Steve been and though
heard from somebody and howlman named
one name of where he could have heard it
this was a small organization I imagine
it would be a methodical process to find
out what everyone's version of events
were in terms of Donald Trump's
knowledge of this meeting absolutely so
you would ask Michael Cohen who else was
present and you'd want to talk to each
of those people about what their
recollection was what they heard what
they saw and you'd also want to talk to
Steve Bannon you say you speculate that
if this occurred you tell us how you
know that have you heard this from
anybody
have you seen reference to it have you
seen any documents about it what makes
you say that and so from that you can
obtain other evidence in fact it could
even be possible that you can cut
Michael Cohen right out of this as a
witness and put on someone else who was
present who has good credibility to
testify that they were present when this
happened without casting any doubt at
all on it so that's the way it goes and
that's why investigations can take so
long and it's difficult to predict when
they'll end because every time you talk
to someone and you find out about some
meeting that happened you want to ask
who else was there who else knows about
it and then you need to talk to all of
those people and so the investigations
can move on exponentially in that way to
track down every important detail let me
give you the last word Betsy Woodruff
and just ask you about Steve Bannon
because the reaction to Steve bandhans
comments in fire and fury and the
reaction to the raid on Michael cones
offices from the president were
identical and in it it should be noted
there had there's been nothing that has
happened to the country that he leads
that has made the president as upset or
angry publicly as the attack on his
personal lawyer and fixers office and as
the criticisms from his former political
spend golly
Steve Bannon that's right the thing that
Trump cares about more than anything
else is loyalty whether or not he's
actually earned that loyalty from the
people around him and when he sees the
people around him betray him were
somehow show vulnerabilities to those
who are potentially targeting the
president he doesn't respond
particularly well another piece of
detail here that's important to remember
is that once Trump has cashed people out
of his circle into the outer dark he
stops talking about them he stops using
their names besides maybe one or two
tweets the president essentially never
mentioned Steve Bannon
in recent weeks despite the fact that
Michael Cohen has dominated headlines
Trump isn't tweeting his name he doesn't
want to get either of these men any sort
of notoriety any sort of a hooks they
could use to try to publicize themselves
or their efforts he doesn't want to in
any way dignify if you will the comments
that they've made and the trouble that
they've caused for him so that's a
really strong indicator that both of
these men are dead to the president dead
and dangerous they're all witnesses hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
