Sall Eisenberg is a white-collar
criminal defense attorney he was the top
deputy to Special Counsel Ken Starr
during the Whitewater & Lewinsky
investigation okay Saul I want to start
with you because I'm trying to
understand to see if you have an idea of
what you think Michael Cohen's strategy
is this week in what in trying to get
the very public attention of the special
prosecutor I really don't know exactly
what his strategy is I think it's just
as likely that he's still trying to get
a pardon as it is that he's trying to
get to get the Southern District or
Muller interested I mean the southern
district typically what happens in a
case like this when the US Attorney's
Office is investigating a case when they
feel that they know enough they call up
the defense attorney and they say come
on in and we'll tell you what we've got
and you can tell us what your guy can
offer us my understanding is that
Southern District has not been ready to
talk to mr. Cohen yet so it's it's and
as other people have pointed out it's
very weird if you want your guy to be a
government witness it's very weird to be
going out and talking about what he's
going to say on TV no prosecutor likes
that well so is it possible in doing
that look I've been according to some
folks I've talked to that are close to
the legal team of Michael Cohen they
believe this is an intentional leak to
discredit Michael Cohen and that it's
about and it they think it's coming from
Giuliani in an attempt to discredit him
with mauler I don't I mean anything's
possible I don't that doesn't make much
sense to me now if they know if they
know that the news is really bad in this
area it could be a thing where they're
putting it out now and so they can say
old news later I mean the interesting
thing here is this is very if it's true
what Cohen is saying it's certainly very
embarrassing to the President and it may
pretend problems for Don junior because
of his congressional testimony in terms
of the actual meeting and what took
place in the meeting it's very unlikely
that it's the
it's a crime or that it's a conspiracy
assuming that nothing went beyond that
meeting there's right is there action
after the meeting that's where the crime
may have taken place right right and
there's a law there's a campaign finance
law title 52 u.s. code 301 to one I
believe is what it is that says if
you're a foreign national you cannot
don't you cannot offer or donate money
or a thing of value to an election
election campaign and if you are working
for that campaign you cannot solicit
accept or receive solicit accept or
receive and when you think about this as
as embarrassing as this episode was this
was not instigated by the Trump people
it came that email came from the
Russians and they sat down with him for
20 minutes and left so I think in terms
of criminal exposure directly for that
meeting there's not much chance of that
the real question is in addition to Don
juniors congressional testimony is what
happened after that well you know there
was a lot of time left in the campaign
and you know what happened and that is
something that Muller probably knows
much more than than we do about to
improve Michael Cohen's credibility if
if you need this testimony and he's you
know he's and all he is is basically he
was somehow observed in some form that
Donald Trump jr. informed his father
this meeting beforehand but all you have
is his word right you don't have a
physical piece of cooperating evidence
tape whatever how would you go about
trying to make Michael Cohen credible to
the grand jury well it's not the grand
jury you're worried about it's it's a
trial jury somewhere ultimately and I
think the way you make somebody like
credible like that credible is have them
plead to a serious felony so they can
stand up and say yeah I've had some
credibility problems in the past just
like my employer who I served for 20
years and I'm taking the blame for it
I'm accepting responsibility
I've pled to a felony I may be going to
prison I mean that's the typical way a
prosecutor would do it hey so I don't
find a lot of quest
for you the other thing that sort of
been sort of not at me this week is it
possible Muller's already said no to a
sort of a queen or king for a day
meeting with Cohen and and that's why
this is so public well anything is
possible but I I doubt it I really do
you think the way these queen for a day
agreements are written they're really
not worth the paper they're written on
from the perspective of the defendant
they're loopholes in them are big enough
to drive a truck through so Muller would
lose nothing by having such as such a
session with with Michael Cohen and
would you expect a session like that to
happen sooner rather than later given
where Michael Cohen seems to be at this
point that's the kind of session where
generally speaking a prosecutor wants to
do that when the prosecutor feels that
he or she is ready and has a good enough
grasp of the case because you don't want
to end up sealing a deal with somebody
before you find out everything that
they've done and I would just urge
people to keep in mind when you talk
about all this stuff focus on what the
crime is I understand their larger
issues political issues but you know
what are the alleged crimes what we're
talking about is either either a
conspiracy to violate these campaign
finance laws or a conspiracy or in
agreement having to do with hacking of
computers and so that's really the areas
where people around the president and
potentially the president are vulnerable
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
