not only will this tack plant pay for
itself but it will pay down debt we're
right there in the sweet spot with
economic growth that gives us more
revenue we're where we need to be I'm
confident this is not only revenue
neutral to the government but actually
is very likely to be a revenue producer
hmm time for money power politics and
today we're gonna take a closer look at
the soaring US deficit falling revenues
thanks to GOP tax cuts and increased
spending that is pushing the country
deeper into debt the federal budget
deficit increased by one hundred and
thirteen billion dollars during fiscal
year 2018 a 17 percent increase over
2017 bringing the deficit to 779 billion
dollars what does that mean and do
people care and if they don't should
they joining me now a policy advisor
with America first policies and former
CEO of cke restaurants
Andrew Posner and Senator torricelli
back with me Bob you've been hot to talk
about you know what Andy just got here
I'm gonna let Andy go for a while um we
know that the deficit has gone up
Republicans are in power we're not at
war how is it that we can have increased
spending and tax cuts at the same time
well I think the the benefits are tell
you those less compared to last year
revenue was basically flat it was up a
little but it was basically flat it
wasn't down
despite the tax cuts it didn't meet
former projections but it did exceed
last year's revenue the the problem with
tax cuts and the benefit of tax cuts is
you immediately experience the detriment
in other words lower tax revenue unless
you have spectacular economic growth we
had very very good economic growth so it
kept the revenue flat with with economic
growth doesn't occur immediately upon
the tax cuts for example in the industry
I was in the restaurant industry when
you get attacked at you get benefits you
want to grow it might take you takes
your time to find the property you want
to develop it takes your time to get
your zoning it takes your time to find a
contract you can build it you then have
to build the restaurant you have to hire
people that could be a two-year process
so when it comes to businesses investing
you're not going to see that in the
first six nine 10 months you're going to
see that over a period of a couple of
years I think we're going to see higher
revenues going forward I was glad
whose weren't down from last year but
and and spending was obviously spending
went way up with the agreement that the
president cut we have a divided
government the president cut a deal with
the Democrats where he increased
military spending to make the capital
investment in the military that we
needed to make because we hadn't been
making it and to get the votes of the
Democrats in the Senate he conceded on
some domestic space total control we
we're still gonna blame the Democrats
for the spending there's no filibuster
there's not total control senator to put
this in perspective the country's headed
for a one hundred percent of GDP level
of debt a trillion dollars a year the
last time the United States had that
level of debt to GDP we were completing
the Manhattan Project invading Normandy
and invading Okinawa getting ready to
invade Japan we are now to 100 percent
of GDP headed there in peace relative
peace and times of prosperity
it is completely irresponsible we are
borrowing from the American future we've
become a nation that is not a generation
that is cannot be trusted to protect the
American future because we're addicted
to our own consumption and the in
general people everyday people don't
care about the deficit because it seems
well they should they should because it
seems obscure but the exact argument
that the senator is making is the
argument that we've heard for decades
from Republicans but they're not making
it now well they should be making it we
need two things one is we need economic
growth to increase revenues and we need
to reduce our spending or spending way
too much and there's not I don't think
there's enough waste in the
discretionary budget we need to look at
the mandatory portion of the budget the
entitlements portion to see what we can
do rationally to reduce spending Newt
Gingrich and President Clinton did that
with welfare I mean there are things you
can do that don't reduce benefits but do
reduce spending and we've got we look we
have to address that issue this Mitch
McConnell argument let's cut corporate
taxes in half and now let's go after
entitlements like that's the answer this
is like a slow pitch over the plate you
could see this coming
the last two years they come up with a
they come up with a massive tax cut
which disproportionately goes to
corporate America and they upper 1% of
the American people and then argue the
only way to solve it is Medicare and
Medicaid and Social Security no the this
is not a spending problem it is a
revenue problem we cut taxes during a
period of economic growth and we did not
share it with all the American people
that's how we got here and that's only
we're going to get out of it as
reversing it look corporate taxes were
down 92 billion dollars but individual
taxes are up 96 billion dollars even
with the tax cuts and even if even if
revenue had been what it was projected
to be we would still have huge deficits
the only way we're going to get
increased revenue is through economic
growth you're not going to get it the
first year after tax cuts because you
have to give businesses time to invest
let's see what revenues are no matter
who's right we still have my agreed that
we're in such a hole ultimately only
together this is a grow out of them
here's the problem let me share with the
government why one time I once asked Bob
Rubin when he was Secretary of Treasury
and hearing what's the appropriate level
of American debt and he said I can't
answer that
why not he says because if we're 500
billion dollars in debt and we produced
a modern railroad system we're educating
American kids and graduating them
without debt we're fully funding
American science labs we have a modern
infrastructure and internet available to
all the American people that's a good
day the problem of America is we're
going a trillion dollars in debt we
don't have a good educational systems
being paid for we don't have a modern
infrastructure
we're not modernizing our science labs
what we're getting for it is a tax cut
to privileged Americans nothing Andy
your last point if the key to everything
is growth the fact that we're in a
possible trade war with China and you
hear from people like Christine Lagarde
saying we're seeing global growth slowed
because of trade issues doesn't it give
you concern well I would say first of
all we do have we do need to reduce the
debt but the first leg of it is to
reduce the deficit and you can only
reduce that by increasing revenues
reduce and reducing spending you got to
do both you can't just really need
and we and we need to do both that's
exactly right the Tet the idea of the
tax cuts is that they will increase
revenue but I don't think anybody
expected they'd increase revenue in the
first six to nine months and that's
where we are happened we've we've tried
that we tried it in the Reagan years we
tried it in the Bush years now we've
tried in the Trump years we've tried it
we tried it we tried it when do we learn
that doesn't right now revenues went up
in the Reagan years they went up after
Clinton cut capital as they went up
after they went up after george w bush
lowered taxes the deficit goes up
because we spend more than we increase
revenue if spending always increases
more than revenue the debt will never go
down we are out of time gentlemen we
know that the corporate tax cuts did one
thing increase the valuations on stocks
and remember the stock market is
different from the economy hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
