president Trump's longtime attorney
Michael Cohen says mr. Trump knew about
the infamous meeting with the Russians
who have claimed to have dirt on Hillary
Clinton just hours ago the president
unleashed an attack on his former fixer
Cohen saying quote I did not know of the
meeting with my son
Don Jr sounds to me like someone is
trying to make up stories in order to
get himself out of an unrelated jam this
of course was in response to that
explosive overnight reporting a
knowledgeable source telling NBC News
Cohen is willing to inform Robert Muller
that then candidate Donald Trump knew
about the infamous June 20 June 2016
Trump Tower meeting in advance Cohen's
attorney Lanny Davis provided no comment
Don Jr's attorney refuted the report
calling it quote false Cohen's claims
directly contradict Don Junior's
congressional testimony in September of
2017 continuing what seems to be a
shifting story that never ends all right
let's rewind to two years ago June 7th
2016 Donald Trump jr. told British
publicist Rob Goldstone how about 3:00
at our offices thanks Rob appreciate you
helping set it up that put into motion
the infamous meeting in Trump Tower in
the same email exchange he responded to
an offer of quote dirt on Hillary
Clinton would set by saying if it is
what you say it is I love it
just four hours before or just four
hours later then candidate Donald Trump
promised to give a speech with
incriminating information on the
Clintons during a campaign news
conference listen to this I am going to
give a major speech on probably Monday
of next week and we're going to be
discussing all of the things that have
taken place with the Clintons I think
you're gonna find it very informative
and very very that was June 7th 2016 two
days before this very very important
meeting on June 9th 2016 Donald Trump
junior campaign chair Paul Manafort his
son-in-law Jared Kushner met with a
Russian lawyer a former Russian spy and
others at Trump Tower as a crowded
meeting revelations about that meeting
didn't come out
until a year later on July 8th 2017 Don
jr. downplayed the meeting that had
happened
a month a year in a month earlier saying
in a statement to the New York Times
that they primarily discussed a program
about the adoption of Russian children
reports surfaced nearly a month later
that President Trump helped draft that
statement himself while aboard Air Force
One calling the meeting quote not a
campaign issue at the time on July 9th
just a day later Don jr. walked that
back a bit acknowledging that he did
meet with the Russians for campaign
information but the meeting turned out
to be about adoptions two days later on
July 11 Don jr. appeared on fox news
with sean hannity and said this a lot of
people gonna want to know this about
your father
hmm did you tell your father anything
about that oh I it was such a nothing
there was nothing to tell me I wouldn't
have even remembered it until we start
scouring through the stuff it was it was
literally just a wasted 20 minutes which
was a shame okay then the next day in an
exclusive interview with Reuters the
president was asked if he knew that his
son was meeting with a Russian lawyer
repeating a replying quote no that I
didn't know until a couple of days ago
when I heard about this a week after
that July 19th 2017 President Trump was
pressed on whether he knew about that
meeting prior in an interview with the
New York Times
I just heard there was an email
requesting meeting or something
requesting a meeting okay so he just
keeps on saying you didn't know then in
testimony before the Senate Judiciary
Committee in September of 2017 Don jr.
were back to the Sun claimed that his
father quote wouldn't have wasted his
time with it I never spoke to my father
about it okay so that's the history of
the Trump's continually denying that
Donald Trump knew about this meeting
joining me now is NBC legal analyst
Danny Cevallos and Ellie Hoenig former
assistant US attorney for the Southern
District of New York gentlemen good to
see you the the lie begins about the
concept Ellie that this was about
adoptions so it's more detailed and a
lot of people want to get into but
Russia stopped the adoptions of Russian
babies to America to protest the
Magnitsky Act which punished oligarchs
with assets in America which is very
personal to Vladimir Putin so the
concept that there was this meaning of
it about adoptions that had nothing to
do with anything else is not plausible
yeah it turned out to be a lie as you
just illustrated for US ally and you
know a lot of people are saying we're in
a he-said he-said situation here Cohan
apparently is going to say Trump knew
Trump and others will deny it and as a
prosecutor when you get in that
situation it's not just to throw up your
hands and say well who knows you have to
look at the corroborating evidence what
are the external facts tell us and the
first one I would go to from a
prosecutorial perspective is the lies
why why why is every person there's a
lot of lying going on yeah and you asked
you would ask a jury why is everybody
who was in that room lying about it with
this adoption cover that's number one
there's other corroboration that
supports Cohen too you remember the
phone calls the phone records from Don
Jr to this blocked number and we know
that the President had a block number
right after Don Jr finds out there's
going to be a meeting and then right
after the meeting itself and so I think
again that's another important piece of
corroboration that would weigh on the
scale towards Cohen's version of Danny
this is interesting because he said he
said and presumably
whoever's investigating this in the case
of Cohen the Southern District of New
York in the case of the Russia meeting
the Muller investigation they have one
interesting piece of information and
that is Don Jr has
bokken to Congress and said something
that would make it a crime to have lied
that's true and there are other
potential crimes that Cohen's
information if true would bring
everybody in the circle closer to
criminal activity I mean forget even for
the moment the stormy Daniels and other
payoffs what financial crimes there are
there there's any aid or assistance or
conspiracy to aid a foreign government
and interfering with an election which
is also a potential crime so there are a
number of potential crimes but when it
goes to the Michael Cohen credibility
issue right where Rudy Giuliani and
Trump are being a little disingenuous in
particularly Rudy Giuliani is his
suggestion that the government would
never use a witness with credibility
problems Ellie tell you that is the
essence of cooperating witness land
cooperating witnesses are not boys
counselor they you have to use a
criminal to catch a criminal and that's
been the law in the United States for a
long time I guarantee you Ellie could
tell you right now about several
criminals that he has used that are
probably likable fellows that have
credibility problems that are star
cooperative because if you're trying to
get to the bottom of a fraud or a
criminal act the best person to have is
someone else who might have been
involved in it all right at firsthand
knowledge they're cooperating witnesses
for a reason and Danny know that I mean
I've called cooperating witnesses who've
done murders and put them on the stand
and right they've testified against
other people who are involved then the
point at that point is that you're
creating credibility around the fact
that they know the topic and the end
Trump's lawyers will attack that
credibility on the basis of this guy
desperately needs a deal or he's trying
to get out of as Donald Trump says some
other issue exactly I mean we say all
the time you know you can't penetrate a
closed secretive Network I used to do
Mafia cases where the example there are
some some comparisons here you cannot
penetrate that kind of network from the
outside you need an insider and
inherently you know if you're going to
get inside a dirty organization like
that you're going to have dirty players
and you know one of the sort of stock
lines we always used to use with the
jury is you know we didn't choose
Michael Cohen you don't you don't need
to love the guy right we didn't choose
Donald Trump chosen when you made him
his lawyer and when he committed I was
not a bus yesterday and somebody said to
me I can't believe that I that I'm
rooting for Mike
Koen but when you speak of organized
crime and I just used this because there
may have been a crime committed by an
organization in the movies they go for
the lawyer and the finance guy the money
guy right and now they've got they've
got Michael Cohen and they're now going
after why the accountant the guy who was
the CFO of the company who may know
Donald Trump longer than anybody because
he worked for his father as well and the
bottom line is if there were financial
transactions you and I discussed this
the other day everybody's caught up on
whether it's a cheque or cash but the
fact is if the company were involved in
financial transactions the accountant
would know and lest you think that you
can assert any kind of privilege when it
comes to your accountant be warned there
is no independent accountant client
privilege the way there is an attorney
claimed that's interesting it may attach
if the accountant is involved in
conjunction with the attorney in helping
the attorney provide legal advice right
but there is no independent privilege
for accountants so if the accountant
gets subpoenaed if they approach the
account if there's evidence against the
accountant if his eyes have even seen
things that they shouldn't have seen
then the government can probably extract
that without any ability of a defendant
especially so let's say this this
accountant Weissenberg has done nothing
wrong independently in other words he
may have written checks or arranged
things does that make him part of
something that's wrong yeah it might it
might and people have said what's going
to happen I mean you know he's been
subpoenaed I think we know that and and
if you are a defendant who has sort of
gray area potential criminal liability
the first thing you do you take the
fifth I mean that's what it's there for
right and I would guess he's going to
invoke the Fifth Amendment and then the
ping-pong sort of back on the government
the prosecutors side of the table by the
way there's no ability to exert
executive privilege
he's right about that there's this yeah
I agree about executive privilege or
attorney or the attorney-client
privilege unless he can prove that those
discussions all happen in the context of
a meeting with Michael Cohen correct
yeah Danny's right on the
attorney-client I don't think executive
privilege I mean the Nixon case was not
working with the president that's for
and that's for national security that's
not for this for this kind of thing but
you know if he invokes v the the
prosecutors that have to make a decision
do we want to immunize this guy and
that's based on two things one are we
to give him a pass yeah he seems like
the kind of guy you would immunize he
seems like an enabler more than more
than a primary doer and second do we
want him as a witness and you know
listen to that tape right the guy worked
for the Trump Organization for 40 years
no heard two minutes and they refer to
him as he's the guy who's going to set
off a shell named him I mean he said our
friend David who we think is David
pecker from American media the the owner
of National Enquirer
but he took Alan his name he gave his
full name what do you think that's
important first this is like that Lanny
Laurel yeah Neil oral tape that we were
listening to a couple months ago because
the way I heard it I still keep open the
possibility that they were talking about
our friend David David Dennison his
pseudonym his nom de guerre interesting
whatever that may be but others seem I
think that it's David pecker so again
right so if it is if no matter who the
David is the one thing that jumps out is
the way Michael Cohen inexpertly uses
these code words and that's another
sobering reality they're going to have
to face is that the government is very
good at calling laypersons to testify as
to what code words means so the more you
use a code word in your discussions to
try and evade capture the more the
government will seize on that their own
witness is to say in my years of
experiences law in law enforcement this
is what they were talking about so it's
a it's a double that my code word is
bald eagle but I think I'm gonna figure
that out real fast I think the
government calls me chubby bald eagle
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
