we got some breaking news here the
economy grew 4.1 percent in the second
quarter just getting that number and it
matched expectations from economists and
is the best reading since 2014 US
markets are getting a big boost on this
news Jonathan Lemire great news for the
country and the president is sure to
capitalize on it
I'm watching my phone for the tweet
that's coming in anytime but this is
also the heart of the issue as much as
this of course this investigation
matters these stories matter the tape
matter right they're about the could be
his equipped economy that is going to
have played more of a role in his
reelection chances than anything else
and this is something if the economy
keeps roaring we certainly have plenty
of time for it to slow down but if that
is something that the president is going
to wrap his arms around we expect a
full-court press here over the weekend
in the next week about the economy how
the Trump economy is bringing back jobs
we saw it yesterday in the Midwest with
that factory plant opening that's the
turf he wants to be on right now and not
all this so let's separate the economy
from health care and jobs and wages and
they're not the same thing I would also
say there are Republicans including some
of the administration who are really
worried that some of these trade actions
we're going to onion together some of
the good economic news is because
companies were rushing to spend my tears
came in I'm it's remarkable to me the
economy is doing well those numbers are
good what's remarkable to me is that his
poll numbers have not gone up because of
this if I was sitting in the White House
and I looked at the job numbers and the
GDP numbers and I said man I can't get
about 42 percent that is that's that's a
big sign for me if this was the case the
president was making yesterday in both
Iowa and Illinois that the Trump economy
is moving ahead even Telegraph that
there'd be a good GDP number today well
the president despite all the scandals
around him has really beat this drum
that he is good for the economy that he
could bring back American jobs that
American making America great again was
really about the economy I think that if
people's job and jobs and and their
wages also grow and that people actually
see this personally impacting their
lives then President Trump is well on
his way to at least keeping his base
happy at least keeping possibly a
growing number of Republicans happy and
then I think that the other important
thing is that the president wants to
talk about this there's all these two
about Russia there's all these things
about immigration and separating
families and yesterday when all this
stuff was going on President Trump was
in the Midwest he was in ah he was in
Illinois in Iowa making the case that he
is the president who brought back jobs
and who really believes in American
steel so I think that that's the case I
talked to a farmer yesterday for a piece
that I was doing about farming and trade
and that person is very angry about the
aid package that farmers are getting but
they still feel very good about the
economy while you talk to some of those
farmers though they don't say they we
don't want bailouts we want an open and
free market around the world so let's
just get rid of the tariffs again four
point one percent growth in the second
quarter that's the best number since the
third quarter of 2014 we've got much
more Morning Joe ahead we're back in
three minutes thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
