oh those cameras all those cameras every
stop I got all these cameras this never
happened to Obama
this never happened to Bush this didn't
happen they just follow they're dying to
see us make a little bit of a mistake
they analyzed every word they say did he
say
could it have been did he say something
positive about Russia I think he loves
Russia President Trump speaking in
Illinois yesterday after first traveling
to Iowa the trip comes as new polling
from three Midwest states shows the
president's approval rating at 36% in
Michigan 38% in Minnesota and 36% in
Wisconsin asked if the president
deserves reelection about three and ten
in all three states say yes three in ten
but about six in 10 say no he does not
deserve reelection joining us now
Democratic senator Tina Smith who was
appointed to her seat in Minnesota
earlier this year will face voters in a
November special election to fill out
former senator Al Franken's term senator
it's great to have you with us thanks so
much thanks it's great to be we're
looking at your most recent polling has
a 14-point spread for you as you go
across the state of Minnesota we talk so
much here about the Russia the Muller
investigation what's top of mind for
voters in your state
well I'll tell you right now trade is
top of mind and these tariffs and the
impact of tariffs on Minnesota farm
country is what everybody is talking
about is it killing them is it killing
your farmers you know I was talking with
somebody the other day I was talking to
a farmer in the southwestern part of the
state the south-central part of the
state and he said look around you can
see a mile in every direction we've just
lost over a hundred thousand dollars
just in the last month by the falling
prices and now this is happening on top
of prices that have been low for several
years and they're starting to creep up a
little bit and then with all of these
tariffs they're crashing again both
beans and corn are these people that
you're talking to do they blame the
president for what's happening well you
know what they're saying is this is you
know we're collateral damage in this
trade dispute that he has you know they
realized that he's the one who sort of
behind it
people say I really think that we need
to you know stand tough on trade we need
to have good tough trading negotiations
especially with China but they also say
you can't really start a multiple front
war on trade and expect to win and
that's kind of a situation where there
isn't the other thing and obviously in
your state trade but in all the
kradic polling it's healthcare
healthcare healthcare is Lange constant
you know if it's the Connor Wonderland
thing that you know it's one thing we
don't have it when you give it to
someone you take it away and that is
just something that is just on a two or
three one basis across democratic
polling really showing a hot button
people are just freaked out by what's
going on especially with the high cost
of prescription
you know prescription drugs I talked to
this woman in Minnesota whose daughter
has type 1 diabetes and she lays out the
five insulin pens that she got she
traveled around the world and they're
exactly the same manufacturer exactly
the same product this one she bought in
Greece for like $12 this one she bought
in Canada for like $14 and this one she
bought in st. Paul Minnesota for a
hundred and forty dollars and she's
going why is this I can't have you know
how am I going to afford this and so do
you have a proposal to help her afford
it to bring that price down well I have
a couple of proposals one of them is to
say boy you know there's this loophole
that allows the big drug companies to
basically pay the generic drug companies
to keep their lower-cost products off
the market
it's called pay-for-delay and it helps
to boost up the price of drugs and so
that's one proposal but i mean most
people agree we ought to let medicare
negotiate with drug companies to lower
cost that's another thing that i support
so given the way the president's our
case you've just given away the
president's performing in the court of
the polling in the state of minnesota
are you starting to see your opponent
try to put some distance between herself
and the president and the national
republican party well my opponent in the
general election gives us Donald Trump
an a and so you know now she's trying to
distance herself a little bit but I
think actions are gonna speak louder
than words and how does the dynamic in
your own party kind of affect you I mean
you come from one of these med western
states that we're so key to the
president's victory you now have the
left of your party coming out saying hey
we need to abolish ice is that hopeful
do you think you know Minnesotans are
pretty practical people they like to
solve problems they don't want to have a
big you know they don't want this to
come to Washington and light our hair on
fire they want us to figure things out
and so some of the most kind of
left-wing stuff you know there are
people in Minnesota really believe that
but mostly
people are trying to find what would you
say to your colleagues who are out there
pushing that kind of a message well I
mean I think everything everything works
and every people things work differently
at different states and Minnesota people
care a lot about immigration but they
also understand that we have to have
border security can't we have to have
both of those things and we have to have
some immigration enforcement so one of
the things you're gonna have to vote on
likely is the Supreme Court nomination
and Brett Kavanaugh
you've been highly critical of him we
had dick Durbin on I think a little of a
week ago he refused to say whether or
not Senate Democrats should refuse or
should call for refusing to vote on
Calvin's nomination until Bob Muller
produces his findings which is something
that I know senator Cory Booker has said
wait until Bob Miller comes back with
his findings then we can consider a
Supreme Court nomination who's right in
that situation is Cory right or senator
dick durbin right well I think the most
important thing is that we get all of
the information out on the table and I
don't think we should be rushed into
that that's exactly what we did with
Sotomayor right justice Sotomayor we
have to get all that information and
there are volumes and volumes of
information we shouldn't rush through
that we don't know what's in that that
bunch of data and that's what I think we
ought to do are you considering voting
against IRA voting for Kavanagh I have
said that I don't see how I could
possibly vote for him this is a person
who was picked from this special list
put together by very ideological
partisan groups and he's guaranteed to
vote to support things that I just think
are wrong for America you've already
made up your mind I mean one criticism
Republicans have is hey Democrats are
you know they're saying that we need to
see documents but most of them already
know how they're gonna vote so what does
it matter well there's a lot of people
who haven't decided how to vote and we
don't know what or in what are in all
those materials and I think we should we
should be able to see all of it and then
he should answer questions that's the
big problem right these candidates these
judges looking for confirmation don't
really answer any questions anymore
about how they're gonna vote senator
Booker said to support judge Kavanagh is
to quote be complicit in evil do you
believe that's true I think that he is
would interpret the Constitution in a
way that I totally would disagree with
what is he evil I don't I can't say that
he's evil but I think that some of the
impacts of his
decisions would have great harm to the
American people one of your colleagues
Sam Stein's Daily Beast's reporting
today that Senator Claire McCaskill was
hacked by Russians an unsuccessful hack
she says what level of concern do
senators like you and your colleagues up
on Capitol have about these attacks
coming from Russia in the 2018 midterms
well this is I think the core issue in
front of us right we have a press our
president who stands next to Vladimir
Putin and says I'd trust him just as
much as I trust our intelligence
community and at the same time the core
issue is what impacted Russia have on
our elections how did they interfere
with our elections and how can we make
sure it never happens again that's what
I think we ought to be focused on why
aren't we doing more about that that
seems to be the complaint from senators
who have the power to do something about
it why isn't it happening you know it's
it's just we need to get more election
security dollars passed that's the most
important thing this midterm election is
less than four months away and it's it's
I mean it's the core principle of our
democracy that those elections are gonna
be fair one small thing you could do is
collectively all the senators could
enter into a pact saying we will never
use in ads or any or debates or anything
else material that was the product of a
hack mm-hmm have you entertained the
idea of doing that with your opponent
have you suggested or the politician was
hacked about your opponent that was
helpful to you in your reelection I
think that's a really great point I
think that's a I mean would you use it
in an ad though or would you pledge not
to use that I I think I would I don't
know I think that would be wrong to use
that in an ad as you should talk to them
it's very hard to put information back
in a bottle though yeah you know we've
one of the problems today with the fake
news is we never none of us remember
where we got our last piece of
information from so right I'd say
idealistically great approach but I
don't think it's it's it will be
practical in real life so I'm an
idealist so that's perfect senator Tina
Smith of Minnesota as you point out not
running for re-election but for election
because your appointed to your seat
thanks for being with us this morning
thanks very much thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
