this former White House press secretary
Shaun Spicer's nubuck reportedly full of
mistakes and errors ABC News White House
correspondent Jonathan Karl wrote in a
recent review for The Wall Street
Journal that Spicer's memoir is quote
much like his tenure as press secretary
short littered with inaccuracies and
offering up one consistent theme mr.
Trump can do no wrong well here's one
example Jon Karl points out this quote
mr. Spicer has not been well served by
the books fact checkers and copy editors
he refers to the author of the infamous
Trump dossier as Michael Steele who is
in truth the former chairman of the
Republican National Committee and not
the British X by Christopher Steve
although possibly if one of the
co-authors of the dockyard about it well
Michael Steele was an mi6 agent from
time he joins us now Michael good
morning
what hand did you have in the dossier I
just I just have the only thing I have
to say is Steele Michael Steele and here
on set with us politics editor for The
Daily Beast Sam Stein Sam good morning
Hey good see ya you were you were
admiring Donnie's look today yeah I was
gonna wear the same exact outfit I'm so
glad I didn't do that even when I suit
is greater than your entire network yeah
problems even when I show the proper
respect for the show and dress with
sartorial splendor
I still get abuse Brendan Fraser let's
get to the Daily Beast big scoop last
night Democratic Senator Claire
McCaskill of Missouri first identified
candidate now to be targeted by Russian
hackers ahead of the Midtown into The
Daily Beast was the first to link
McCaskill to phishing attempts to
infiltrate her campaign through staffs
email passwords around the time of the
hack attempt president Trump was in
Missouri chastising McCaskill and asking
the crowd to vote her out of office we
first learned of russia's midterm
hacking attempts last week during a
security forum
earlier this year we did discover that a
fake microsoft domain had been
established as the landing page for
phishing attacks and we saw metadata
that suggested those phishing attacks
were being directed at three candidates
who are all standing for election in the
midterm elections I can tell you that
they were all people who because of
their positions might have been
interesting targets from an espionage
standpoint as well as an election
disruption standpoint senator McClaskey
McCaskill has been highly critical of
Russia and is a top Senate Democrat
facing tough re-election this year she
issued a statement saying the cyber
attack was unsuccessful in quote it is
outrageous that they think they can get
away with this I will not be intimidated
it's an amazing reporting worth to
everybody's read at the Daily Beast's in
why senator McCaskill according to the
reporting of you guys it's a great
that's a really good question I think
it's also an unanswered question there
is the coincidental timing of Trump
going to Missouri saying we got to vote
her out and then within the month
this happens she was highly critical of
Russia she's also had been highly
critical of WikiLeaks
you know those are circumstantial we
haven't figured out why was targeted at
her although she is one of the more
vulnerable senators up in 2018 but what
really struck me about this was just how
unsophisticated the whole thing is
really they set up a fake page they tell
you that your email password is expired
and then they ask you to login and
change and that's literally it and
anyone can be duped by that I talked to
it verification now I talked I talked to
a cyber security expert on the
Democratic side of the ledger who said
this is the simplistic elements of this
they will catch up with people if they
aren't prepared right now so anyone
who's running for 2020 your campaign may
not be targeted during that campaign but
though aides who are working on
campaigns now and then go to your
campaign they may be targeted now and
they may bring that hacker with them
when they come to your campaign so it's
unsophisticated but it's definitely
malicious Casey is this something that
they're worried about on Capitol Hill
before this report even came out of me
is such a high profile senator targeted
yeah it could be anybody sure this is
something I mean this is not the first
time that this has happened other
members of Congress at you know come on
a lower profile scale have been target
using similar methods as what we saw
with John Podesta see males in the
presidential campaign and it has been
something that a lot of members to you
know despite the president's repeated
insistence that none of this is
happening none of it matters we
shouldn't you know don't look at that
members of Congress especially those on
the Intelligence Committee have access
to deep information about these kinds of
attempts to penetrate their campaigns
and they are concerned about it now to
Sam's point you know a lot of these
congressional campaigns they're not
there aren't presidential campaigns I
mean John Heilemann you know this you've
covered both of them it's there
they're often shoestring operations
there's often inexperienced you know
people have to start someplace
they're often young you can make a
mistake like this sometimes the people
who are most vulnerable are actually
people who are older John Podesta for
example fell victim to this whereas
other staffers didn't yeah I mean look
at me think my congressional Campa
campaigns a lot of these campaigns it's
not like they even I'm an IT department
right they're talking about and their
security amounts to like a McAfee
Antivirus software that everybody has
installed in their computers these are
they are not shoestring operations
they're not running with the level of
vigilance or the level of technical
sophistication that presidential
campaign and I would say it's not just
congressional campaigns they're a lot of
Senate campaigns that don't have
anything that resembles a genuine I mean
even multimillion-dollar Senate
campaigns that don't have anything that
resembles an IT department
unlike the multi-million dollar nearly
billion dollar operation that Hillary
Clinton campaign over Donald Trump
campaign is involved in and as you said
Casey even even those campaigns with all
of their vigilance and all of their
focus and knowing that they might be
targeted still you can find someone like
John Podesta someone others on the
campaign's who made simple mistakes that
ended up causing a huge amount of chaos
Michael Steele it's a new world out
there I imagine this isn't something
worried a ton about when you were the
chair of the RNC actually not not as
much then as now we we did find
interestingly enough when I came in as
chairman that a significant number of
state party operations didn't have
websites or had poorly managed websites
so every little entry point was
vulnerable and has been vulnerable for
quite some time you know there was a
point in that too
you know that period where everybody was
focused on the Democratic Party being
hacked folks now realize the Republican
Party was hacked as well so despite this
idea that this was a push to sort of
help Trump or to help Hillary Clinton
the bottom line is that we had foreign
agents who figured out the play inside
of our electoral system it's a big deal
for 2018 folks do not underestimate the
opportunity to here with so much on the
line in terms of power and control of
the house how that plays out on
legislation that could impact Russian
interests between now and 2020 so
there's a lot of State at stake here in
Claire McCaskill's campaign I think is
the tip of a very very deep iceberg and
let's just say one really quick thing
it's just the reality is that like on
presidential campaigns you go back to
John Kerry in the 2008 campaign there
have always been hacking attempts and in
successful hacks of presidential
campaigns the difference between what
happened in 2016 and what's going to
happen now and past efforts is that the
past efforts are generally done by the
Chinese who are looking for information
but not weaponizing that information
2016 and now into 2018 is hacking the
information and then putting it out in
order to cause political damage as
opposed to just gain intelligence Johnny
what's the obligation that these
campaigns should have I mean one of the
big fights that I've been covering on
the hill is calls for people to stay
away from whatever information is
gleaned via rushing Russian hacking
attempts you know don't put it in your
ads
don't spend money pushing a claim that
was hacked you know speaking before I
get to that question
speaking of hacking and this still stuns
me last westweek a week before the
Republicans voted down a bill that would
have to add additional money to protect
our voting apparatus and we talked about
hacking into information people's emails
that they actually said no no we're not
going to spend money to make sure that
the process in 2018 and 2010 technology
hacking is hacking so you know if we
ever get to the point where people are
doubting elections it's over as far as
you know you case you a question I go
back to even bring this back to trump I
believe at the time in the idiot defense
I even believed at the time when Trump
was getting the information from
Russians he was like this
great you know so I think that there's
now obviously a heightened understanding
if anybody if there were any gray areas
whatsoever about getting money from I
mean getting information from hostile
foreign actors that I do think right now
that every campaign would have an over
sensitivity to it so there's there's
there's actually conversations happening
right now between the top people at the
Democratic House campaign arm and the
Republican House campaign arm about this
very question what do you do when hack
material makes its way into the public
domain and they're at an impasse right
now
the Democratic campaign arm is saying
under no circumstances should anyone use
that material whatsoever we should make
a pact in that way it can't be
weaponized or it can be but it won't be
as damaging the Republican position has
been how can we ignore hack material
that makes its way out into the press
let's say the New York Times writes a
big expose on emails that were hacked by
the Russians which they will do because
these are editorial choices that the
press often makes and for good reason
are we at that point not allowed to
reference the New York Times or we're
not not allowed to reference the
Washington Post material and so that's
where the impasse is and I don't see how
you bridge that divide I know they're
trying to figure out a way but if it's
out in the public domain and the
Republicans say we should have to use it
Democrats are saying no you can't use
them well that's what happened in the
2016 campaign with the Podesta emails
they just flooded out in public sphere
and I think there's some evaluation now
about how that should be handled in the
2016 campaign there was I believe one
instance where on the debate stage a
candidate specifically referenced not
the presidential Congressional
specifically referenced hack materials
that would have been a step too far in
the current discussions that they're so
highly praised bill as you cover Capitol
Hill we have now this very public case
of Senator McCaskill attempted hacking
not a successful one what's the level of
concern you pick up among other members
I think there is a divide between the
hill and between this administration
because you saw just recently the
Department of Homeland Security
Secretary Kirsten Neilson kind of
downplay this threat and at the same
time if there is one issue where
Republicans and Democrats are aligning
it is on the issue of election security
they've already without making a lot of
hay dispersed more money to the states
for
election security there is now pending
consideration for another disbursement
of money to the states to the question
of why Claire McCaskill though as you
guys were discussing earlier I mean why
don't we just go with the most obvious
explanation which is that Donald Trump
has had no pretense unlike with some of
the other red state Democrats of having
any kind of a good relationship with
Claire McCaskill they've made
he went to Missouri and he criticized
her in her own State unlike what he's
done with some of these other red state
Democrats she came out early in
opposition to Brett Kavanaugh unlike the
other red state Democrats so they've had
this friction from the beginning she's
an obvious target and that is where you
see the interests of these Russian bots
in the Russian campaign aligned directly
with the president it will be
interesting to find out who those other
two Democratic members are and also to
understand what the scope is going into
2018 because Facebook you know
Zuckerberg was just questioned in a
conference call recently and he flat-out
refused to say what they know about
what's already going on in 2018 on his
platform worth reading the piece at The
Daily Beast today coming up next we'll
bring in Axios as Jonathan Swann with
his new reporting on the Michael Cohen
story and as we go to break the White
House noted a minor change to the
president's travel plans yesterday
morning citing bad weather and fog but
there was a problem with that our own
Hallie Jackson posted this photograph
writing the view from my office window
as the White House makes a bad weather
call meaning the president will take a
car to Andrews rather than depart via
his helicopter from the South Lawn where
reporters can gather to shout questions
at him perhaps even the weather has
become fake news we'll be right back on
Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
