day 5 5 3 of this Trump administration
there is breaking news yet again tonight
and it is this the source telling NBC
news that former Trump lawyer Michael
Cohen asserts the president knew about
the June 2016 Trump Tower meeting in
advance was told about it indeed by his
son Don jr. before it happened the
source also goes on to say Cohen is
willing to make that assertion to
Special Counsel Robert Muller
now you may recall that the June meeting
between Donald Trump jr. and several
different Russian nationals including it
turns out an attorney with reportedly
close ties to the Kremlin in that
meeting Russians were expected to
provide damaging political information
on Hillary Clinton let's listen to what
the president himself told three
journalists from The New York Times
about whether he knew about this Trump
Tower meeting might look at it very
closely to be honest with you okay I
just heard there was an email requesting
a meeting or something
yeah requesting a meeting that they have
information on Hillary Clinton that I
said I mean that's standard political
stuff did you know no I didn't know
anything about but you think it must
have been very important and here now
Donald Trump jr. speaking was Sean
Hannity about that June 2016 meeting a
lot of people gonna want to know this
about your father
mm-hm did you tell your father anything
about that oh it was such a nothing
there was nothing to tell I mean I
wouldn't even remembered it until we
start scouring through the stuff it was
it was literally just a wasted 20
minutes which was a shame the
president's lawyer Rudolph Giuliani told
NBC news tonight that Michael Cohen is
not credible and that he can't be
believed
Giuliani added that he spoke to the
president about this at length before as
well as other witnesses and he says it's
not true here is Rudy Giuliani talking
about Michael Cohen on CNN and CNN
tonight excuse me where the story first
broke number one
lie to people about taping them both the
president and other people and not only
that he went to subterfuge in order to
do it like a whole little game which
shows how pathologically is there is
also new reporting about the president's
preferred mode of messaging the New York
Times reporting Robert Muller is now
examining of all things the president's
Twitter postings Michael Schmitt and
Maggie Haberman broke this story Michael
Schmitt is standing by to join us he and
Haberman write that Muller is quote
scrutinizing tweets and negative
statements from the president about
Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the
former FBI director James b Comey
according to three people briefed on the
matter Muller is examining whether the
actions add up to attempts to obstruct
the investigation by both intimidating
witnesses and pressuring senior law
enforcement officials to tamp down the
inquiry Muller wants to question the
president about the tweets Trump has
been prolific in his attacks on both
sessions and Comey on Twitter and in
public comments and of course that's
just the start of it The Times also
notes the president's written and verbal
criticisms as well as his actions could
all be woven together as prosecutors try
to build their case the president is
facing yet another legal challenge the
Wall Street Journal reporting today that
the Trump organizations chief financial
officer Alan weiselberger subpoenaed to
testify before a federal grand jury here
in New York and the Michael Cohen
investigation if the name Alan
weiselberger negly familiar it may be
because we heard his name earlier this
week I've spoken to Alan weiselberger
about how to set the whole thing up with
funding yes and it's all the stuff all
the stuff because here you never know
where that company you never know what
he correct so I'm all over that
and I spoke to Alan about it when it
comes time for the financing Michael
Cohen talking to Donald Trump about Alan
weiselberger on that one secret
conversation that was released this week
now sharp-eyed television viewers may
also remember Alan why Solberg from The
Apprentice he was a judge on season two
of the show that aired on the NBC
television network a Democratic US
senator tonight described weiselberger
as holding the keys to the Trump
financial Kingdom others have said today
he knows about every incoming and
outgoing dollar going back years to when
Donald Trump's father ran the business
good place to bring in our leadoff panel
on a busy Thursday night Michael Schmidt
Pulitzer Prize winning Washington
correspondent for the New York Times
Robert Costa a national political
reporter for The Washington Post and
moderator in his spare time of
Washington week on PBS Rebecca Davis
O'Brien reporter for The Wall Street
Journal the aforementioned weiselberger
II and saw Weisenberger just to keep
things interesting deputy independent
counsel for the Whitewater Lewinsky
investigation he was chosen by Ken Starr
to conduct the grand jury questioning of
President Bill Clinton a big group
tonight but a lot to talk about at the
same time welcome to you all
mr. Schmidt tell us even though it has
to do with tonight's late development
we'll get to your piece of this story in
a bit why it would be so important for
the president if it turns out to be true
to have had advance knowledge about the
Trump Tower meeting beyond the fact that
it would mean his answer to your
question yeah so a basic level that you
know he made false statements to the
public about this but that wouldn't be
that different than many other things
that have gone on during his presidency
r--'s candidacy the difference would be
on a legal area if Muller believes that
the meeting itself was conspiring with
the Russians that there is a legal
problem with it it brings the president
into that area it brings his knowledge
and his role into more scrutiny and if
Muller really doesn't like that meeting
and wants to do something about it it's
more problematic for the president
Robert Kosta I know you have been on the
phone I've been on the phone source
connected to the Cowan camp told me
tonight what we've witnessed is a setup
what have you learned
oh speaking to Mayor Giuliani a few
minutes ago
he believes that Cowan is lying and he's
going to question Cohen's credibility in
the days ahead
he um if he believes Cohen's playing for
a pardon and he said if he is playing
for a part in his words he's doing it in
a stupid way said the president's not
considering a pardon for mr. Cohen but
you do see tonight these sources talking
to CNN and saying that the Cohen is
willing to talk to Muller
and the question will be right now will
moderate now call Cohen to do an
interview to sit down and talk about
that that meeting in 2016 let's talk
turkey here and that is a lot of
reporters are both pushing and chasing
down a narrative that here is news that
Cohen can put Donald Trump in possession
of knowledge about that meeting the
narrative is that the Trump camp leaked
the story because it's bad to own it in
advance what it also does it diminishes
the value of mr. Cohen as a potential
flipped target for the feds the Southern
District of New York can you speak to
that possible strategy when you look
right now at Michael Cohen's legal
situation he has not even been contacted
by Muller that we can report at the post
at this moment and so his path ahead
legally is challenging he's under
scrutiny his offices in his hotel room
have been raided the Southern District
of New York is looking into all of his
business dealings and now you have this
float of information two different
sources tonight that he has more
information about president Trump's
activity and conduct
as a candidate and whether he's looking
for a pardon from the president because
he has all this information he's
alleging always looking to cooperate
with federal investigators there's a
debate inside of Cohen's orbit about
whether he's making smart moves at this
moment if he is trying to save himself
legally all right counselor that comes
to your area of expertise all what would
be the legal implications of learning
that the president knew in advance about
the meeting well potentially the crime
involved here would be there's a
campaign finance law that says you can't
accept aid from a foreign government
during the campaign but keep in mind
that under that that law is not a
criminal violation unless you act
willfully which means you knew you were
violating the law so Muller would have
to prove first of all that that Cohen is
telling the truth that President Trump
knew about the meeting he would have to
prove that President Trump knew it was a
violation of law to accept aid from a
foreign government and he would have to
prove that anything really happened
after this meeting because at this this
was a quick meeting where they didn't
have any dirt that they were willing to
talk about based on what we've been told
by the truck Trump camp and that was the
end of that so I think there is
potential legal liability but I think
it's incredibly speculative at this
point the interesting thing will be you
know if Muller can tie it to any later
efforts you know by the Russians and any
later evidence of collusion which so far
you know we haven't seen at all
Sall is ignorant any defense and here's
what I mean by that if I may speak
English we've had a ton of people come
on this broadcast and say people came up
traditionally through politics say I
would have called the FBI right away if
I had known about this anything about
this meeting we're talking about an
administration of political neophytes
they didn't come up through the classic
channels would would the ignorant of
their obligation to notify the FBI be
any defense in hindsight well they don't
have an obligation to notify the FBI you
question is there's a general Maxim
ignorant of the law is no excuse but
there are exceptions to that and this
campaign finance law is one of those
exceptions now you said that everybody
was a neophyte there's one person in
that meeting that was not a neophyte and
that's Paul Manafort so that will be a
very interesting development if anything
comes from that all the others were
neophytes I mean President Trump during
the campaign when he was a candidate
talked about justice elite Samuel Alito
signing bills right rather than signing
opinions so you're talking about
somebody whose knowledge of American
government and civics was on the level
of the average fifth grader so it's it's
quite possible that he didn't know that
this was a violation of the law but also
keep in mind I know that's not what
you're talking about with the with this
meeting in Trump Tower Campaign Finance
sorry hacking laws laws about hacking
computers they don't require willfulness
ignorance of the law is no excuse with
those laws so you got to keep in mind
what law we're talking about here with
the Trump Tower meeting you're talking
about a campaign finance law that a
person would have to know it's illegal
to actually accept aid from a foreign
government and this button at the end of
the sentence for our viewers tonight's
story is that the president was told by
his son Don Jr all of this according to
what Cowan is prepared to share with
prosecutors that this meeting was on the
docket I want to remind you Donald Trump
jr. in Senate Judiciary Committee
testimony said quote I wouldn't have
wasted his time with it I never spoke to
my father about it that was September
2017 all of this brings us to Rebecca
and the story we were chasing all day
long until tonight's story welcome to
our our time clock tell me the
importance of this man to trump the
person to Trump the head of family
business how far back does he go what
would he know about what kinds of things
well Alan weiselberger was more than
just a CFO he was also a
he's also been the financial gatekeeper
for Donald Trump himself and for his
family for a long time he's been around
in the orbit of this this man and his
businesses for decades and I think you
know one question
he's surfaced in a number of issues that
have come up in the his he was involved
in the foundation and he's been linked
to the payments related the two women
who alleged sexual encounters with
Donald Trump so you know we don't know
again and this is a reminder of course
that beyond this behind this volley of
back and forth between the Trump camp
and the Cohen camp what's going on right
now and that we've seen play out over
the last 12 hours since the story broke
there are two investigations going on
right now and the fact that mr.
weiselberger was asked to testify before
a grand jury we don't know what he was
asked but the fact that this man who has
access to the innermost sanctum of the
Trump Organization was asked to speak
about who knows what you know we should
be paying attention to that and that
surely signifies something about what
the interest of federal prosecutors is
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
