joining us now by phone Betsy would
refer reporter for The Daily Beast and
Betsy you have been reporting about
President Trump's reaction to the
release of the audio recording Michael
Cohen made of their conversation about
setting up a company to pay off Karen
McDougal to buy her silence so that she
would not publicly discuss her one-year
affair that she claims she had with
Donald Trump what do we know about the
president's reaction this week that's
right my colleague Ethel ensued saying
and I had a new story up this night
detailing the extent to which President
Trump was outraged irate and just
absolutely furious when he saw these
stories breaking about Michael Cohen's
team making public this audio that
showed that the president was very much
aware of the fact that his attorney at
the time Michael Cohen was trying to
negotiate a way for them to take over
their rights to control that hush money
payment related to his alleged affair
with Karen McDougal the former Playboy
Playmate one thing that a source told my
colleague and I is that the president
actually hurled expletives
as he was watching this story unfold in
real-time
additionally what I can tell you is that
Donald Trump the president and Michael
Cohen his former attorney who used to be
you know extremely close very you deeply
connected for years and years a really
loyal pair what I can tell you now
tonight is that these two men are dead
to each other Michael Cohen has resolved
himself to the fact that he is never
going to ask and he sort of friendly or
amicable or warm relationship with
Donald Trump ever again and at the same
time Trump's outside allies helmed by
his outside attorney Rudy Giuliani are
preparing to do everything in their
power to turn up the heat on Michael
Cohen and to go after him and to go
after and card one thing that's very
clear that we've seen as this story has
unfolded is that right now the top
priority for people in Trump's orbit and
this is going to be held by his outside
advisors the top priority is going to be
doing everything in their power to
destroy the credibility of Michael Cohen
so you can expect to see that unfold in
the coming days and weeks thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below
for more from the last word and the rest
of MSNBC
