thing one tonight is the Seaquest she's
a 164 foot mega-yacht worth 40 million
dollars
and while the Seaquest has been spotted
all over the Atlantic and the Caribbean
this week she's been on Lake Erie in
Huron Ohio and that's where there was a
bit of an incident apparently someone
unmoored the Seaquest in the middle of
the night setting her adrift no one was
hurt but the yacht struck the dock as
the crew struggled to get her back on
her control sustaining an estimated five
to ten thousand dollars in damage from
scrapes and scratches police are looking
for surveillance video that may reveal
the perpetrator and so they have not yet
determined if the person who did it knew
that the owner of the Seaquest was the
mega-rich with an Nate Way money
billionaire Secretary of Education Betsy
DeVos now one would imagine the DeVos
family does have insurance to cover the
damage and luckily they do have nine
other yachts they can ride in while the
Seaquest gets fixed up but of course not
everyone in Trump's bourbon has that
kind of dough some are just out there
trying to make a buck like former press
secretary Sean Spicer who's having just
a heck of a time Hawking his new book
off review that's thing too in 60
seconds there's been quite a bit of
public heckling of Trump administration
officials lately you may remember both
homeland secretaries security secretary
Kristen Nielsen and White House adviser
Stephen Miller were confronted by
protesters at Mexican restaurants last
month former press secretary Shaun
Spicer is probably wishing he could have
it easy as those two this week Spicer
had a New York book signing for his new
memoir on which he praised his president
Trump quote he is a unicorn riding a
unicorn over a rainbow
well it ain't all rainbows and unicorns
here pal
second protester at Sean Spicer's book
vent was also reportedly thrown out for
silently holding up a sign that read lol
FoxNews won't hire you which is mean the
briefing is currently 193rd of Amazon
bestseller list and it's not because
there's no market for garbage books
number one and number four on that list
for Fox News analyst Greg Jarrett's of
the Russia hoax and anchor Janeane
bureau's liars knickers and liberals hey
there are chris hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
