President Trump is basically asked
Americans to forget the last eight years
of the health care debate the president
tweeted quote Republicans will totally
protect people with pre-existing
conditions Democrats will not vote
Republican that would be a lie hashtag
lie alert protecting people with
pre-existing conditions is a central
tenet of Obama care except dismantling
Obamacare has been a central tenet for
both President Trump and the GOP
Republicans in Congress have voted 70
times 7 0 times to repeal protections
for people with pre-existing conditions
that were created by Obamacare the
Affordable Care Act same thing the law
passed by Democrats when those attempts
failed Republicans tried to pass their
own health care law that would have
gutted those provisions then Donald
Trump's own administration argued in
court that Obama cares pre-existing
condition protections are
unconstitutional
and just this week the administration
announced a policy making it easier for
states to allow plans with fewer
pre-existing protections the president's
claim is totally at odds with what
Republicans have done over the past
eight years but this is more than your
typical Trump lie because it's not just
Donald Trump making this argument
Republicans running in the midterms are
making it as well everyone agrees we're
going to protect pre-existing conditions
and Wisconsin pre-existing conditions
are covering and as long as I'm governor
they always will be
I'm Josh Hawley I support forcing
insurance companies to cover all
pre-existing conditions I support
forcing insurance companies to cover
pre-existing conditions here's the truth
Kevin Cramer voted for guaranteed
coverage for pre-existing conditions
they want the voters to know I'm
committed to protecting people the
pre-existing conditions I'm fighting for
it I fought for it and I voted for it
yeah except that every single one of
those Republican candidates has tried to
weaken protections for people with
pre-existing conditions remember to
setting' remember back before Obamacare
if you didn't work for a company like
this one which offers really good health
care
and you weren't on Cobra or you couldn't
afford Cobra and you had a pre-existing
condition there was no insurance for you
I suppose you could always buy some
insurance but it would be more expensive
than your health care this is the only
major country the only developed country
in the world in which personal
bankruptcy is caused by healthcare
concerns by healthcare spending issues
by now every one of those Republicans
you just saw is running in a close
election and they are realizing that
voters actually like Obamacare check it
out Obamacare is the most popular item
in the latest Fox News poll the law has
more favorability than the Republican
Party does and much more than the GOP
tax cuts voters also choose health care
as their most important issue according
to a new poll out from the Kaiser Family
Foundation by a lot by the way see where
health care is compared to everything
else and that same poll shows that
voters by a two-to-one margin trust
Democrats to protect health care
coverage for pre-existing conditions
than they do Republicans 26% of people
think that Republicans are going to
protect pre-existing conditions I don't
even know how the number is that big I
guess about 23% of people believe that
Barack Obama is a Kenyan born Muslims so
it's only 3% more than that and I guess
about 23% of people believe in UFOs so
it's just 3% more than that 26 percent
of people believe Republicans who ran
for eight years on eliminating
pre-existing conditions I think the
Democrats would do a better job
Republicans do a better job than
Democrats in keeping it last night in
Wisconsin the president who campaigned
on terminating all of Obamacare made
this statement Republicans will always
protect as Leah said Americans with
pre-existing conditions 100 percent 100
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
