hundred days out now for the midterm
elections in November and the Prez is
acting nervous just in the past few days
he's reversed himself on a number of
issues he delayed his invitation of
Russian President Vladimir Putin until
2019 he backed down his demand for a
border wall money about 5 billion in the
upcoming funding bill and he promised to
bail out farmers hurt by his tariff war
well today Trump traveled to two
Midwestern states where he tried to
convince voters that his tough talk on
tariffs for example will work out it
could be a tough sell in Iowa for
example prices for soybeans pork and
other major farm goods have tumbled
according to the morning consult Paul as
of June 50% of Iowa voters disapprove of
the president's performance now and just
yesterday a new NBC marys poll showed
President Trump
underwater well below 50 in three
Midwestern states 36% of voters in both
Michigan and Wisconsin approved the
president that saw while 38% voters in
Minnesota proof so not exactly 50% from
orange owned by Jason Johnson politics
editor at the root com so some of those
states like Michigan Wisconsin he
carried him you know Iowa yes not doing
so well right now
who's telling Trump if you got to fix
this thing with tariffs we got a problem
that's the example there you're hurting
real people with real product it's
probably the governor's right like Scott
Walker is probably calling through every
single person poeple saying look if you
want me to keep this job if you want me
to keep doing what I'm doing in this
state by pushing your policies and some
voter suppression you're gonna need to
do something about this he's he is
killing these guys at the local level
because even though Trump can go to a
rally and have 20,000 people show up and
cheer he is dragging down the
Republicans in that state who can't
explain his policies and that's what's
hurting him cross Midway I've been
saying for a long time the Democrats
need a leader to beat Trump they don't
need a leader on this stuff right tell
me why it's different than having to
have an opponent well here's the thing
you know Trump if you're going against
Donald Trump all you need is somebody
who could fight with him directly but
his policies right his policies are more
dangerous than him his policies you know
politics is local
exactly it's people where they are
exactly it hits people where they are
I'll take your vote no they don't have
to vote for somebody else they just vote
against Trump exactly their vote against
his policies that vote against the guys
who like his policies third shifts right
I called some friends in Indiana called
some friends in Ohio third shifts of
steel mills are getting shut down over
this okay
you know even if he does the graveyard
that's the I got to pay for my kids
tuition and the fall shift and it's
happening because of these steel tariffs
so even if he's got this 12 billion to
help the farmers if the steel tariffs
keep going that's gonna damage steel
workers and everybody who works with
steel workers across a minute how long
does he have to get a readjustment where
he can prove that he did the right thing
he squeezed these other countries into
readjusting August in a week he's
basically got maybe until Labor Day Ohio
Governor John Kasich no fan of the Pres
a Republican but no fan of a Trump
slammed president Trump's 12 billion
dollar bailout of farmers as terrible
policy here's John Kasich please
resorted to more well farmer welfare you
know farmers don't want aid they want
trade that's what they want now it's
been compounded by actually furthering
the debt of this country spending as
much as twelve billion dollars providing
aid to make up for the damage that's
been done by the continuing terror
Governor Kasich later suggested the aid
package was akin to buying off or buying
the votes of farmers what do you make of
that well it's true it's true and the
problem is Mike DeWine is a big trump
supporter Ohio's Republican Party is a
very approach from party but if this
policy can't be explained and if people
in Northeast Ohio and southern Ohio
being hurt by these policies you know
Kasich can say what he wants now but
they can't explain this they can't just
he's tough yeah he's tough and also he's
still well-loved he's the guy who sort
of stood up to him even if he sort of
distance from the party the president
can't find a way to say adding these
tariffs and lowering your prices now and
making it difficult for you heading into
the fall when it's it's time to do
harvest season we gotta buy school
clothes can't explain how's he get away
we're saying I'm not demanding the wall
right now because the wall is a big part
of his anti immigration line because all
he's got to do is say it's gonna get
made
remember Trump's been lying by saying
that the wall was already starting to be
built right when we all know what hasn't
the wall has always been symbolic it's
symbolic about people who are worried
about immigration people who are racist
people who just feel that they need to
do something about illegal immigration
so he can back off from this now as long
as he resurrects it at some point he'll
be fine with his base thank you Jason
Johnson an exuberant performance of that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
