I've spoken to Alan weiselberger about
how to set the whole thing up with yes
all the stuff because here you never
know where that company you never know
what he correct so I'm all over that and
I spoke to Alan about it when it comes
time for the financing which will be the
secret trump Cohen recording introduced
us to a brand new character in Donald
Trump's legal sagas Alan weitzel Berg
portrayed in that tape as a player in
discussion I feel like some day I'm
gonna read portrayed in the movie by but
for now portrayed in this discussion
talking about a hush money payment to
playmate Karen McDougal The Wall Street
Journal today breaking the news that
weiselberger has been subpoenaed to
testify before a grand jury in New York
in the michael cohen criminal case bad
news for cohen and perhaps also for
donald trump because of weiselberger
resume as described in the journalist
quote for decades mr. weiselberger has
served as executive vice president and
chief financial officer at the trump
organization and was once described by a
person close to the company as the most
senior person in the organization that's
not a trump after mr. Trump was elected
he handed control of his financial
assets and business interests to his two
adult sons and mr. weiselberger joining
us now from the Washington Post national
political reporter and moderator of
Washington week Robert Costa from the
New York Times political reporter Nick
compass re joining us at the table
Charlie Sykes contributing editor for
The Weekly Standard and host of The
Daily Standard podcast me me and
Jonathan are still here lucky for us let
me start with you Charlie so I've heard
people say today that if Michael Cohen
knows where all the bodies are buried
mister weiselberger did the digging this
is someone who who knows everything yeah
in Trump world this has got to be the
most terrifying possible scenario when
you think about it that your fixer is
flipping on you and that the guy who has
all of the financial secrets is is
flipping on you so in terms of it and
we've said for some time that the Trump
White House recognizes that the Michael
Cohen you know might pose the greatest
existential threat to the presidency
more so than some of the Russian
collusion allegations but now it seems
to be weaponized Southern District of
New York we talk a lot about the molar
investigation but before there was a
Muller investigation SD my I was sort of
the the the the where all the all-stars
came to you know prosecute the toughest
and most important cases this certainly
looks like has the hallmarks of the way
the Southern District prosecutes case
like the Cohen case absolutely I mean
this is a classic Southern District case
frankly so it this isn't gonna be new to
them I mean naughty
you know it's higher profile but but
right been plenty high the president's
tapes conversation talking about money
to a lame-o let's just stop I know we
have commercials let's just stop let's
stop we're talking about how this is a
normal case for the Southern District no
this is the President of the United
States who has someone with the title
fixer and the fixer and the president
has someone who was their financial guy
who's now been subpoenaed there's
nothing normal about this
I agree the angle what I was referring
to was the sort of broader or skeleton
type of case of it's a financial fraud
case it looks like in a lot of ways azar
similar is this how I mean James coming
writes about how it was like a mob
family I mean is that the kind yes I
mean I think it's a combination and look
most mob cases have a financial aspect
cuz at the end of the day organized
crime is about money as well they just
tend to enforce it with violence as
opposed to just intimidation that we
were just talking about doesn't use
Twitter but yes this reminds me of many
mob cases that I and you know many
others did in the Southern District for
many years and are still doing and you
know it in a couple of ways and one is
the Trump Cohen relationship which is
like I mean there's no other way to
describe it it is very much like a mafia
boss and either his consigliere or even
more sort of a
a soldier or a capo who's so loyal to
him that Trump won probably trusted him
with many many things and this man would
quote take a bullet for him until he
won't because every mob boss is brought
down and really you know the families
have been decimated for that reason
because their most loyal soldiers and
Kapos turned on them because when faced
with prison that's what they do if I
could say one thing though about this
weiselberger subpoena this to me shows
the danger to Michael Cohen of what he
is not yet doing which as far as I know
from an outsider looking and he is not
yet going in and speaking with
prosecutors he's doing this PR campaign
weiselberger getting subpoenaed Verret
cooperation is very much a race who's in
the door first and who's going to be the
most cooperative truthfully cooperative
but cooperative Cohen you should really
look at this now and where this is going
we don't have weiselberger made on more
than him and Cohen may not be valuable
to them anymore and you only flip if
you're viewed as having something
helpful that I can't get somewhere else
you hit the nail on that let me ask you
rubber cosa to speak to your papers
fantastic reporting today under the
headline I'm not going to be a punching
bag anymore just picking up a Mimi's
point about Michael Cohen's PR campaign
you guys report that inside the White
House Trump raged about the release of
his and Cohen September 2016
conversation about financing the deal
with mcdougal a former Playboy model to
sell the rights to her story of an
alleged 10 month affair with Trump to
American media Inc the owner of the
National Enquirer which never published
her account did he rage because people
found out about her or did he rage
because he knows he's in legal trouble
because of it talking to White House
officials and Friends of the president
in recent days you really get a sense
that they are outraged at Michael Cohen
they thought he was the ultimate
loyalist soand they could convince to
stay put to not work or cooperate with
federal prosecutors at some point in the
future to not be releasing these tapes
and they also are alarmed that he's
working with lanny davis a longtime
adviser to the clinton family both
former President Clinton and Secretary
of State Clinton yet talking to Lanny
Davis he says that Michael Cohen was
pushed to this point that he wanted to
stay loyal but he thinks that Rudy
Guiliani the president's
lawyer has said things that are untrue
and it's time for Cohen to get out there
and tell the stories and he's gonna keep
telling the story even if the White
House doesn't like it robocar so you
tweeted something that was so
interesting to me and so inside Trump's
head where you spend more time than
anyone should have to but you you wrote
about how this the selection of Lanny
Davis itself a Clinton family loyalist
was like salt in a wound for Donald
Trump talk about that it was because
Lanny Davis was someone who wrote a book
about how he believes the election was
stolen from Secretary Clinton in 2016 by
Russian interference by different
factors and you see now this White House
seemed Davis alongside Michael Cohen it
brings back memories of 2016 it puts the
ultimate foe in their mind the Clintons
with the ultimate loyalists Michael
Cohen and that's a jarring image for
those close to President Trump and Nick
conv story there are some signs of
strain at the White House a big
flashpoint yesterday with a reporter
getting kicked out of an event the
president hasn't taken any questions
since the Cohn tape was released he
usually likes to field at least a few
shouted questions or walk up to
reporters in the Northland or the South
Lawn they are not acting I guess in the
Jonathan Lemire inspired post Helsinki
era and the and the Cohen release at the
Cohn tapes they're not acting like a
White House that feels confident about
anything look smart questions and good
journalism are a death ray to a White
House in trouble and this is a White
House in trouble if it's a mob movie
it's not the Godfather it's Johnny
dangerous layer it Sopranos on the East
River it's a farce and it's not just
that you have a Cohen you know how many
of these mob movies the plot revolves
around the accountant so now you have
the consigliere and the accountant
possibly in trouble and flipping that is
terrible news if there are many bones
buried at Trump Tower and if there are
bones buried there these two guys know
what it is so all along we see when when
the president is under great pressure he
lashes out I think in this case look I
think he knows that by
taking a swing at CNN he's gonna get all
of us in a mood to talk about the media
for a couple of days which is never a
good look for us and we're already
stopping talking about how Putin but who
can blame us if the accountant is in the
crosshairs I just think they are trying
to distract us a bit and do their
favorite thing which is get which is to
make us talk about ourselves as
therefore really important all right
we're gonna resist it the way after
reasons doughnuts every time I walked by
we just wanted to get on the record with
all the signs of strain at this White
House and I man I would blame Lemire for
it anyway so but you want to get back to
the idea that you know every White House
deals with the crushing burdens of the
job this White House is dealing with the
crushing burdens of the president's own
misconduct because whatever you think of
the fact that michael cohen recorded his
conversation with donald trump this
White House now has to find someone to
field questions and to field the legal
liabilities that come with a brand new
bucket of questions that a brand new
line of inquiry at least public facing
new lines about the relationship with
national enquirer whether those amounted
to gifts whether there was collusion if
you will between the campaign and a
media outlet and whether that outlet was
even operating as a media outlet I think
the First Amendment is usually deployed
legally to justify publishing a story
I'm not sure if the First Amendment is a
defense for killing a story for money so
so how does this White House sort of
continue to navigate as the legal issues
and the investigations seem to multiply
it is a crushing pressure on the West
Wing right now and it's a Westman it's
also hemorrhaging staff that has lost
people war departures expected in the
coming weeks they're having great
difficulty bringing in qualified
replacements who people who want to come
into that building right now knowing all
that's going on
knowing that robert muller is watching
everything seeing these new fronts open
up seemingly on a daily basis and and
yes this is a White House that his deal
has dealt with some external crises it's
dealt with some North Korea it is
dealing you know now we're picking a
fight with around but so much of this is
what the president has brought on it
himself that whether it is his sins from
his past life as celebrity businessman
or his conduct in office and it is it is
driving people around him he's having
trouble keeping good aides with him he
has now surrounded himself with people
more or less yes men who aren't
and who are willing to do his bidding
including not to dwell on it but picking
on these fights with the media this week
when they're clearly looking for a
change of it are you surprised to see
bill shine not leaving a mark or doing
anything to make any of the problems
less glaring he seems since he's arrived
all of the weaknesses all the structural
weaknesses of the Trump White House are
if anything more clear well you know
everything Jonathan said is true but
also you know Donald Trump has two
things going for him that he that he's
counting on number one he has succeeded
in getting a large portion of the
population to distrust the news media he
has immunized himself against a lot of
this reporting and he's gonna continue
doing that to try to delegitimize the
fact base supporting that's number one
number two he's got a base that frankly
does not care whether the president lies
they don't care whether he was having a
an affair with a porn star or with with
a play by a Playboy model or that he
lied about it or that he paid money to
cover it up these are two things these
are almost like the superpowers
I mean his main superpowers is this
complete shamelessness but but those are
things that he has counted on and and I
think he continues to count on it hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
