MSNBC legal analyst Danny Cevallos who
is an expertise at defense witness a
more of it on the defense side of things
mr. Cevallos good to see you sir good to
see you too all right so let's go
through it is it could it be used how
would you use it so let's do the basic
thing is a person's tweet as different
the words in a person's tweet as
definitive to you in a court of law as a
recording yes they can be admitted the
first problem is you have to
authenticate the evidence in other words
you have to demonstrate that it is what
it purports to be and when you get into
social media that can sometimes be an
issue if I try to introduce a computer
printout of a webpage or a tweet then
I'm going to at least need some evidence
some testimony to say that hey that
comes from my account or some metadata
or some computer evidence showing that
it came from my computer or my iPhone
but if you can authenticate the tweet
there's no reason why tweets are not
statements like any others that might be
against your interest that get
introduced against you when used in
court but let's go way back before any
trial there's no question that Muller is
looking at these tweets and already has
reviewed probably all of them and does
so on an ongoing basis because if
nothing else whether or not they're
ultimately admissible they are a glimpse
into the mind of the person making those
statements the president and it keeps it
almost helps you with a timeline right
if he's tweeting then you know that oh
maybe I had a look at that day who did
he meet with things like that let me all
right so let's go through a few these
tweets and let me get your take on this
so May 12 27 teen Trump tweet James
Comey better hope that there are no
tapes of our conversations before he
starts leaking to the press this is
literally days after Comey is fired
right how would you handle this evidence
and is it is this evidence of
obstruction how would it be used as
evidence of obstruction if you look at
the that tweet and then the tweet that
preceded it about Comey before Comey was
fired that first one talked about how
Comey or Hillary was aided by Comey it
was somewhat benign
but then now you get into this the
nastier tweet after Comey is terminated
and you start putting all of these
together to show that number one Trump
is probably putting up some kind of
implicit threat Comey better hope there
are no tapes it's even more so if there
are no tapes what if it's just a bald
threat for Comey to keep it quiet if it
was something to induce Comey to remain
silent especially in the face of any
duty to speak like for example in front
of a grand jury or Congress then these
are the kinds of things that Muller will
find very interesting irrespective of
whether or not they're eventually way
down the road sought to be introduced at
a trial could you remember there was one
really controversial tweet that did
border on whether it was it seemed to be
that he that he did and all of a sudden
his lawyer said no no no I wrote it I
wrote it yes maybe my favorite tweet of
the year yes yes John Dowd yes right so
I guess my question is why couldn't the
president's lawyers at any point in time
just make that claim if that if not the
lawyer wrote it danced Covino wrote it
it wasn't the president can they
establish that it's happened enough
times that you actually could could
create enough reasonable doubt about
whether he authors his own tweets the
reason that particular tweet which
supposedly was authored by John Dowd and
he said so days afterwards the reason
that is such a dangerous practice is
that in certain circumstances the words
of someone's attorney can be imputed to
the client so that is a risk right there
but secondly it baffle it it tests the
bounds of credibility if John Dowd
authored this tweet first it contained
misspellings second it contained what
would be a very damaging statement as to
criminal liability because it included
the words Michael Flynn lied to the vice
president and also the FBI which if true
suggests that President Trump was aware
that Flynn was lying to the FBI which is
a crime so whether it's authored by
Trump or his lawyers it makes the
lawyers look just galactically
incompetent if they were to author in
tweets that said
criminal activity so you don't think it
will be difficult for the prosecution to
authenticate this but let me ask you
another question
you heard Rudy Giuliani said if you're
gonna obstruct justice you wouldn't do
it so publicly okay I mean is there a
part of the code that I'm unaware of
that says obstruction of justice has to
be done in secret you have to you have
to obstruct intentionally but you don't
have to obstruct in secret behind closed
doors practically speaking it's the way
direction usually happens so why isn't
dis constantly saying Muller's probe is
a witch-hunt Muller's probe is a
witch-hunt at what point does that
become obstruction if you're the sitting
president United States and chief law
enforcement officer know by the way have
the authority potentially to
questionable constitutional authority
about firing them as a criminal defense
attorney I think a creative prosecutor
could take what you just said and make
that obstruction but then they have a
decision beyond that beyond just saying
this fits into a theory of criminal
liability they have asked themselves can
I prove this beyond a reasonable doubt
to a jury in my particular jurisdiction
so yes you can are take reate a
prosecutor could take those facts and
say that they constitute obstruction
because especially they constitute some
form of intimidation but it has to fit
within the the seven or eight or so
statutes that address obstruction you
need an existing investigation or
proceeding as long as you have those
elements then you might have a crime I
know it's possible to obstruct justice
without the crime actually have habit
having happened but let me ask you how
much weaker is an obstruction case if
you can't prove the central crime it's
as a criminal defense attorney I would
say you have a point there but you there
are so many high profile prosecutions
and then low prior profile prosecutions
that we never hear about of section 1001
and that's making false statements to
investigators Martha Stewart is a famous
example so the DOJ and the US Attorney's
have no qualms at all about charging
someone with a crime in fact I have to
give them credit they have to they have
to enforce this law they have to prevent
as a matter of policy people coming in
for informal interviews and just lying
to investigators so it is true
in the United States there may be no
underlying crime but if you choose to
come in and speak to investigators and
obstruct justice by fabricating evidence
or lying then that is a separate crime
even if there is no underlying crime and
and it probably has to be that way in
order for the DOJ to do business well
obviously this trial if it ever happened
would be a political trial since it's a
it not a normal court of law trial but
and so the politics of this might matter
as well but the legal aspect you have
covered quite well Danny Cevallos much
appreciated sir hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV Daily
and MSNBC you get more bit to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mind set right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
