accusations that Donald Trump and his
former lawyer made other hush money
payments before the election well now
they're out Michael avenatti you know
this guy lawyer for stormy Daniels
tweeted this earlier breaking Donald
Trump conspired with Michael Cohen to
pay off multiple other women prior to
election day in 2016 they were also
concerned about a pregnancy Cohen has
evidence and info in his possession and
it must be released to the public now
Cohen has already released a tape of his
conversation with Trump about paying off
a former Playboy Playmate and possible
more tapes to come while the Washington
Post reports the government has now
seized more than 100 recordings Cohen
made of his conversations with people
discussing matters that could relate to
trump and his businesses and with Trump
himself talking with me now the woman
who truly knows best Emily Jane Fox
senior reporter at Vanity Fair who has
been writing about Trump and Cohen and
I'm telling you if you want to
understand the inside skinny of the
world of Michael Cohen
no one knows it better than this woman I
want to point out one thing yesterday
when President Trump was shocked and
offended and amazed that Michael Cohen
would have ever taped him we should
remind our audience trumps lying
Roy Cohn his lawyer for years and years
and one of his idols he taped him all
the time or he taped conversations all
the time so Trump is well-versed in that
behavior okey doke avenatti claims today
he has new evidence about multiple
payoffs do you think this is gonna
affect Cohen in any way like this is
just such a circular thing that I can't
figure out where it's even going at this
I don't know that this would affect Cohn
either this happened or it didn't happen
we have not seen any evidence of it
perhaps it exists it wouldn't be the
most shocking thing in the entire world
if there was perhaps other payments
during the campaign but Michael Cohen
knows this the government which sees
almost four million documents and files
and electronic devices from Michael
Cohen and April knows this and so if it
exists it will either be used as
evidence against Michael Cohen or away
from Michael Cohen did cooperate if he
goes that route so I'm not really sure
what value would serve for Cohen for
this to come out in advance of
I understand that there's a value to the
American people but I'm sure that the
American people will at some point find
out whether or not that's true just
because there's a hundred tapes do we
know if there's anything incriminating
on them because President Trump having a
long career involving not paying
contractors going bankrupt over four
times he's figured out don't sign your
name on anything don't write anything
down do they really get any big whoppers
in these tapes from what I understand
it's not necessarily that what is on
these recordings that could be damaging
it is the back story behind the
recordings and that is what could make
Michael potentially a very valuable
witness if he chooses to cooperate
because he can provide some of the
context that maybe is missing on some of
these recordings so for the one
recording that we have of these hundred
recordings there's a lot of questions
that were raised we're not sure who's
saying what or why anyone is saying
something but Michael Cohen can provide
that context if he chooses to do so with
investigators and that is where his
value could be as a witness what are
people close to Cohen telling you about
his head space because when I think back
to the campaign there was not a more
ardent supporter outspoken surrogate for
president Trump think back to some of
the more ridiculous television
interviews heated defending President
Trump and saying he would take a bullet
for him it was as though he put Trump
before all else in his life is he still
there no Matt I would say it is a
complete 180 I interviewed him last
August and that's when he said I would
take a bullet for the president and for
his family that is not the sense I get
right now he would take a bullet for his
family he would do anything he could to
get his family out of the situation he's
not only a very frustrated and angry and
watching his family suffer in a deep way
but he's in deep financial trouble as
well and so he has done a real turn in
terms of where he is mentally and I
think that it will be reflected in what
he chooses to do going forward take me
to the Trump's because you just wrote a
book on the Trump family specifically
the trunk children why do you think we
haven't heard from them it's not like
Ivanka Trump doesn't have a pub
presence I see her she's going on the
road with the president today she's on
Twitter if my dad was accused of
adultery over and over again Trump has
denied it why do you think we haven't
heard from them why wouldn't they get
out there and say my father would never
do something like this don't you
remember when she was asked at the
Winter Olympics about these sort of
dalliance is she said that's not an
appropriate question to ask a daughter
now she did say stuff after the Access
Hollywood tapes and and the first lady
also came out and did a major interview
after the Access Hollywood tapes I think
there is no upside for Ivanka personally
but how they do vodkas say it's an
inappropriate to ask the daughter of the
President
she has sat for interviews next to her
father on the Howard Stern Show as the
president discussed her breasts you're
asking me to explain something that is
completely not take me inside the house
of Trump this is what this is how Ivanka
operates she is someone who only does
things that serve her it doesn't
necessarily serve the American people
it doesn't necessarily serve the women
and children and families she's supposed
to be helping out where when she took
her job in the West Wing if it serves
her brand and if it serves her father's
brand that is all that matters and
speaking out on these issues don't serve
those two things there's just no world
in which she would say anything in this
situation I just know that if suddenly
all over the media it was reported that
my dad was cheating on my mom and
everyone knew it and it was with a
playmate I would sure as I come out
there and defend my dad's honor if in
fact he hadn't have done anything
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
