as promised back with me Fat Joe bill
kristol Jess McIntosh and Leo right reg
or when we last left Yulia a few moments
ago there was something you were gonna
say about Trump and Trish sure so I was
gonna say that Trump is a symptom he's
not the problem
that he is in this case has actually
exacerbated a lot of pre-existing
problems or better yet has exposed the
rot and so in that respect one of the
things that that we've really seen is
that he is put a spotlight on resistance
on people who are challenging and I
think it's one of the things that gets
overlooked particularly in an era and a
K and a chaotic error and an era of
chaos like right now which is that there
are people who are mobilizing they're
people that are running for office there
are people who are making huge strides
out of necessity but in a way that is
incredibly valuable and significant I
mean we're seeing electorates changed
dramatically in ways that I never
thought would be possible if
progressives were ever able to figure
out how to make our people turn out in
local elections and off-year elections
and midterms and specials the same way
we turn out in presidential elections
that would be the ballgame and what we
have seen sense Trump's election is the
groundswell of people who have suddenly
realized that they have a very serious
stake in civic participation and we're
seeing special election turnouts at like
46 percent that are usually at like nine
so this could be and I hate to say
anything is worth it because it's really
truly terrible what's happening to tons
of families across America right now and
I don't know that anything is worth that
but there is a chance that it inspires
such a backlash of activism that we
really do change our relationship to the
political structure and that sort of the
only non depressing thing that I can
think about 2018 and if that is a big
change it would be somewhat accidental
if you buy the theory that Trump got to
be president by accident and didn't
really expect to be President yeah but I
think it would be a health there's a can
be a healthy reaction to something even
if it's an accidental thing shorted
exposed to certain things about our
country is used I think but also he's
making it so much worse I mean I always
come back to that with chop you can talk
about symptoms and the culture and all
kinds
things that are wrong but having a
president we know out of that we've had
a lot of demagogues we've had a lot of
liars we've had a lot of irresponsible
political leaders on both sides honestly
over decades we really haven't had one
as president in the United States and
one who as president is using his
standing his office to just make things
relentlessly to hammer away and make
things worse in fact it turns into
discourse
we dropped the ball and we got to
reflect on ourselves and say that we do
enough now we got to do more so with all
these races with everything that's
coming up we we for sure will not let
Donald Trump become president for a
second time that's how you feel I know
so hmm you know so thinking about this
year I want to do one weird thing at the
end for everyone
2018 in one word I'm gonna cheat since
2018 was all about breaking the rules
okay and say chaos but opportunity I'm
gonna go with what Trump's doing to
America and say sabotage
happy Anniversary exhausting and say I
would say this year's been a roller
coaster a roller coaster and we need
reliable people you need good reliable
operators to make sure we all get off
the roller coaster in one piece at one
time my special thanks to a panel as we
reflect on everything Bill Kristol Fat
Joe Jess McIntosh and Leroy true gore
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our youtube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
