this is why we agreed today first of all
to work together toward zero tariffs
zero non-tariff barriers and zero
subsidies on non auto industrial goods
this will open markets for farmers and
workers increase investment and lead to
greater prosperity in both the United
States and the European Union it will
also make trade fairer and more
reciprocal my favorite word President
Trump in European Commission chief
jean-claude Juncker yesterday at the
White House announced a ceasefire of
sorts in trade tensions joining us now
from Capitol Hill
NBC News chief White House correspondent
Hallie Jackson Hallie good morning good
to see you that event in the Rose Garden
which we just watched there kind of came
together quickly you guys were
scrambling to figure out how he happened
so how did it happen not even kind of it
did come together quickly there was
announcement that said hey everybody
from the press gathered by the palm room
doors and everybody started sprinting
I'm told that the president felt like in
this meeting he really got a win that
there was this idea that younger that
the EU is going to do what the president
wanted and be able to sort of coordinate
more in the way that the u.s. had hoped
and so rather than just bringing the
pool for what we call a spray the
president and his team decided we'll
just bring everybody in and do a big
announcement all at once they figured
out it would quick to set it up in the
Rose Garden sure enough it was at least
four members of the media who started
running in and try to to set this thing
up it was not obviously a news
conference it was simply joint
statements in which the president as you
just played said we got a very big deal
was it a very big deal well there's
still not a lot of specifics there's not
a lot of details it was basically
talking to agree to more talks and kind
of a date on tour a ceasefire in this
escalating tit-for-tat tariff situation
that's been happening the EU will buy
more soybeans apparently from US farmers
which is going to be a huge relief to
folks especially in the Midwest and some
of these hard-hit states that have
really been feeling the pinch
watch for the president should be
talking about this deal today he's
headed to the Midwest he's gonna be in
Iowa and Illinois he's heading to a
place probably one of the few places
that that really likes his tariffs a
steel plant right these steel aluminum
tariffs that the president put him
place has obviously been been welcomed
by the steel and aluminum industry so
the president is heading to a steel
plant to be able to talk that up a bit
as this is a focus but he's come under
some serious fire from Republicans on
the hill who have been very unhappy with
this particularly Republicans like Ben
Sasse from Nebraska from these farm
states quick fact-check Steve Reder was
this a big deal no it was sort of an
agreement to talk some more and look by
the way let's just take one small
example the EU as an entity doesn't buy
soybeans right what are they gonna do
with them put them in the you know in
Brussels people buy from people buy
soybeans and so somehow they've got to
get you farmers to buy servants I want
to do one of the factors if occurred
very quickly on something Holly said
what Trump's going out to a steel plant
to celebrate these steel tariffs only
ten percent of our jobs in the steel
industry are actually in plants that
make steel the other ninety percent are
in plants that use steel and they are
opposed to the tariffs just assembly the
automakers are opposed to the tariffs
and everybody else who uses steel or
opposed to the chaps so Trump is playing
again to a very very sliver of a base
Holly meanwhile there was a reporter who
was not in that Rose Garden press
conference yesterday the White House
restricted access for CNN's Kaitlyn
Collins after she asked the president
questions about Michael Cohen earlier in
a pool spray in the Oval Office let's
listen to her exchange thank you all
very much appreciated
thank you I call it an exchange it
wasn't an exchange because she didn't
get any answers if you're just listening
on the radio in the car let me repeat
Kaitlyn Collins questions again she's
with CNN she asked did Michael Cohen
betray you mr. president
did Michael Cohen betray you mr.
president are you worried about what
Michael Cohen is going to say to
prosecutors and then finally are you
worried about what's on the other tapes
mr. president all news of the day
questions which prevented her from being
allowed into as a reporter she had an
open press event from being allowed to
that press conference in the Rose Garden
what's the White House saying here so
she also by the way asked a question
about Vladimir Putin and why the Russian
president has not actually accepted the
invitation yet from Donald Trump that's
been extended the White House is saying
well these questions she didn't
generally when she was asked to leave
but there's a couple of things that are
really important to note here Willie
number one Katelyn Collins the CNN
reporter was there acting as a
representative for everybody else for
all of us she was the pool reporter
today it happens to be Fox tomorrow
it'll be us here at NBC it rotates every
five days so she was there asking those
questions on behalf of every other
reporter who can't go into the Oval
Office because of space limitations
right as you can see the pool there if
she had not asked those questions it
would have been problematic any
reputable journalist in her place would
have done exactly the same thing I
certainly would have anybody that I know
here at NBC would have asked those same
questions to the White House didn't like
it it's possible the president does not
like these unruly sprays he has made
comments publicly about them before
especially when he's sitting next to a
world leader sometimes you see these
leaders like give him a face like wow
this is crazy huh but the thing is this
is what happens in the United States
this is what we do here when we go into
the Oval Office we ask the president
questions that is what happens so the
fact that the White House then pulled
Katelyn Collins the CNN Representative
into a meeting and said this was
inappropriate highly problematic and let
me just say one other thing they said
she didn't leave when she was asked I
have been in that room and
in that position many many times and
here's the thing the second the
president is done talking the staffers
who are there to do their job and clear
the media out understandably start
yelling at the press to leave the
president will often often answer
questions you will ask five or six
questions the president may answer
question three in question for you don't
know what he's gonna answer or not and
so the Brits if you're there in front of
the president United States and his
staffers are trying to yell over them as
you're trying to leave but he's trying
to answer a question it is highly
problematic the bottom line is this is
almost unprecedented it is inexcusable
for the White House to make this move it
is not going to be tolerated by members
of the White House press corps I will
tell you that the White House
Correspondents Association is not happy
saying this will not stand
and we're you know is the chief White
House correspondent here for NBC this is
not not a good situation to be in it is
not okay and we've made that clear not
only was Caitlin Collins well within her
rights to ask those questions but as you
say you've been there you've done that
before it's whatever you please like
that and the president often enjoys an
exchange so it's an outrageous display
by the White House in this case I want
to ask one more thing Hallie we can't
let you go the story over the missing
question in the White House's transcript
from the president's news conference
with Vladimir Putin and Helsinki we
talked about this yesterday the
administration now is saying the blame
belongs to a switch in the audio mixer
and saying that others have the same
problem can you explain what happened
and explain how the White House is
explaining this and what they're doing I
think the important piece Willie is what
they're actually doing now so the deal
is when you're in these rooms there is
obviously a transit or Vladimir Putin is
speaking not in English he's speaking in
Russian and so there's a translator who
is doing a live interpretation as the
event happens the White House
stenographer is listening and doing the
stenography from a feed and in this
instance the the feed was because the
translator was finishing up translating
something that Vladimir Putin had just
said the beginning of Jeff Mason's
question from Reuters who asked that
question that was omitted from the
transcript originally which was did you
want Donald Trump to win the election
the transit er was speaking over the
beginning of Jeff's question the the mic
switched over to the from the
translation to the English side after
that question was asked and so that is
the White House explanation for why the
second part
that question was the only one written
down there pointing to other transcripts
people who were also listening to that
feed to say hey that that's what
happened there are multiple feed
sometimes of these things I was in the
room so I was listening to the
headphones and in live so I don't you
know and we had the feed we had Hallie
has the question that's why I was so
confusing you know we're unilateral
we're there in the room and we're
feeding it back from our cameras so so
it's a different thing than what the
stenographer is listening to here's the
really important thing the White House
now knows it's wrong right are they
going to correct the record will they
actually come out and publicly say we
were wrong we're gonna correct the
transcript my colleague Peter Alexander
late last night found out that yes they
are correcting the presidential record
so this is going to now be inserted
correctly so that for all of history and
all the time you can see the Jeff Mason
did ask this question of Vladimir Putin
did you want Donald Trump to win and
Vladimir Putin said yeah quickly how
does that include the White House video
because it doesn't appear on the video
either exactly there's a question of
that it's a similar issue with the feed
and where it cut out and we're still
work on finding out whether the White
House will re sort of configure that so
that you can see that on the video all
right so the White House is not
malicious an audio problem and they're
gonna fix it from here Hallie Jackson
covering a ton of ground forces
submitting Thank You Hallie good to see
you nice impersonation of jean-claude
juncker too by the way that was good
baloney I mean anybody who watched that
press conference and the coverage afters
knows that Vladimir Putin said yes I
want to trump the win they knew the
question they knew the answer the White
House knew the answer and they did it
anyway this excuse is baloney and it
could have just been somebody doing a
transcript really I think so it's
ballooned out of the transcript this is
a pretty amazing yeah that feeds into
conspiracy throughout the White House we
also noticed in the White House it has
gone from thank you press Thank You
press to get the hell out well in
fairness it's actually usually always
been the important thing yesterday was
in the chorus of people saying this will
not stand with Fox News
absolutely yeah that's right yeah they
put out a statement yesterday still
ahead here on Morning Joe president
Trump was supposed to meet with
lawmakers from farm states after his
talk with the European Commission
President yesterday instead those
lawmakers got to attend that unscheduled
Rose Garden announcement we'll talk to
Republican congresswoman
who was there for all of it Kristi Noem
is next on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
