the president literally kissing and
making up with a head of the European
Union one day after criticizing the EU
at a rally it's just one example of the
president and his team now trying to
change the narrative on some of the most
contentious issue issues out there
issues problems that they created I have
a great team here to help me break all
of it down but first I want to explain
what I'm talking about we know that for
the entire course of his presidency
Donald Trump has seemed to go out of his
way to do exactly the opposite of what
his critics want him to do but maybe
that's changing take trade on Wednesday
the president went from slamming the EU
to praising its leadership and declaring
victory for averting a trade war that's
a huge change from 11 days ago I think
the European Union is a foe what they do
to us in trade what the European Union
is doing to us is incredible how bad we
just want it to be a level playing field
for our farmers for manufacturers for
everybody and we also want a big
beneficiary frankly to be the European
Union now what did he actually
accomplish the president says the
European Union agreed to buy a more
natural gas and soybeans from the United
States in exchange he's promising to
hold off on tariffs while the two sides
talk the more immediate victory may
belong to the president's fellow
Republicans especially those in the
Midwest who are worried about the impact
of his trade policy but they do not want
to risk alienating his base then there's
the issue of election security the
president took a ton of criticism again
from Republicans and Democrats for
insisting that Russia wasn't targeting
the u.s. that triggered a week-long
series of walk backs and clarifications
now culminating in this president Trump
chairing a full meeting of the National
Security Council tomorrow to discuss you
guessed it election security and Russian
interference and speaking of Russia
guests who got to try and clean up the
president's massive mess after Helsinki
it was Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
testifying in the Senate Wednesday and
grilled by members of both parties with
him has the president told you what he
and President Putin discuss in their
two-hour closed-door meeting in Helsinki
presidents have a pra√ßa to choose who's
in meetings or not I'm confident you've
had private one-on-one meetings what is
it that causes the president purposely
purposely create distrust in these
institutions and what we're doing I just
disagree with most of what you just said
there poor Mike Pompeo North Korea
Helsinki he's gonna need a mop and a
bucket when he goes around the hill the
biggest question of the day Pompeyo
tried to clear up any lingering
questions about whether the president
was on board with the consensus which is
Russia hacked the election attempted I
want you to know President Trump has
stated that he accepts our intelligence
community's conclusion that Russia
meddled in the 2016 election he has a
complete and proper understanding of
what happened
I know i briefed him on it for over a
year he might understand it he just
doesn't tell anyone that so why is all
of this happening keep in mind this
Sunday will mark 100 days until the
midterm elections something that is
certainly not lost on this president or
his party hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
