Donald Trump broke through the Democrats
blue wall in 2016 but a new NBC News
Marist Poll shows some trouble for
Republicans in the Midwest in the battle
for control of Congress in the 2018
midterms Democrats have a nine-point
lead in Michigan a 12-point lead in
Minnesota and an eight-point lead in
Wisconsin as for voters opinion of the
president's job he's down at 36% in
Michigan 38% in Minnesota and 36% in
Wisconsin majority of voters in all of
those states disapproved the job he's
doing asked if the president deserves
reelection about three and ten in all
three states say yes and about six and
ten say no so Eugene Robinson the
subject Susan Eugene Scott and watch my
Eugene Washington Post this obviously
was the key to victory for president
Trump you look at a state like Michigan
a state like Wisconsin by the way he
almost won Minnesota as well how
concerned is the White House as it looks
at these polls quite concerned I'll
actually be in Michigan next week
talking to voters and a poll I wrote
about yesterday that was a Marist Poll
said one of the biggest changes is
actually with suburban women these are
women who were boarded the Trump train
should we say because of Ivanka and some
of the women surrogates and honestly
because of some dislikes force Hillary
Clinton but there is no Hillary Clinton
now and so we're seeing a lot of these
voters looking at Donald Trump and
concluding that they don't like what
they see and the only person that they
can blame it on it's the president
themself so bill what do you see in
these numbers ya know I think Israel
just some thought the talk of how he was
doing so great he's consolidating the
Republican base is consolidating a
slightly smaller base than existed two
or three years ago boost the number of
read self-described Republicans are
shrunk by about three percent of the
electorate which isn't huge but it's you
know 28 to 25 it's 10 percent of
Republicans do those independent numbers
are straight numbers are horrible and
you need those in those suburban
districts that work two or three
districts that could flip in Michigan
one or two in Minnesota so it's
interesting that he's at the midterm who
do you prefer to control Congress
numbers are so bad there and for me the
final point that says to reelect I've
always thought this he has like 38
percent approval on some of those days
but 30 percent think you should be
reelected in 2020 you can somewhat
approve
for Donald Trump now you don't like the
Hillary Clinton still retrospectively
you like the Supreme Court nominations
you like the tax cut whatever but that
doesn't mean you wanted an additional
four years of Donald Trump so whatever
happens on November 6 I think I November
7th 2018 we're in a sort of new
political universe because it's a
prospective choice what do you want for
more years
not justify your vote against Hillary
Clinton in 2016 or justify the fact that
you've been defending Trump with your
neighbors you know for the last 18
months so that's the reelect being solo
is striking
so one thing we have to remember the
purposes this is Donald Trump running
against nobody right I mean so right
that's so people have this idealistic
you know if it's my ideal candidate of
course I would vote for that candidate
and I was listening to people last night
in the restaurant they were talking
about Donald Trump and this gentleman
was listing off all the things he loved
about Donald Trump then his friend asked
him would you go from again he said no
it's very surprising you know there was
a focus group a friend a colleague of
mine just in last week in Oakland Ohio
which exactly had to lose all Trump
voters sort of a luck tint Trump voters
a lot of suburban women that Susan's
been talking about and they were asked
after you saw approved yeah more or less
better than the alternative you know I
hate the media whatever you know I don't
like the little if I don't like Nancy
Pelosi what about 2020 and that's a sure
about that
story for the Washington Post and one of
the things he talked to a lot of Trump
tires is what he called them and there
were a lot of people willing to try
Trump out of frustration not just
because they hated Hillary Clinton but
they were frustrated and that was were
the Republicans and also some Democrats
who said let me just try it can't get
much worse and I think that's also what
we're seeing in those numbers we're
seeing I tried it and I don't like it
you know Eugene Scott if you look at our
NBC Wall Street Journal poll I would
remind people that the president
knighted States has an 88 percent
approval rating among Republicans so I
guess what we're talking about here is a
few of those reluctant Republicans and
some independent voters in the middle
absolutely and I think it's important
for people to remember that Republicans
make up only about 25% of the population
most people are independents and so
while there this group these really
conservative Americans who really do
align with what they see coming out of
the White House the overwhelming
majority of Americans do not and
and all these posts suggest that they
will perform differently this fall look
I think there's a two other small things
just to remember here one is that I
think there's a lot of concern at least
among people I talk to you about who is
it Trump's going to be running against
in 2020 yeah and there are a variety of
potential Democratic candidates that I
actually could push some people and look
at primary candidates Republican Haley
the Nicki but the second thing I would
just mention is that if you if you parse
through all the way through Trump's
policies it is very hard to find
anything that is actually going to help
the voters who elect the Trump that
Midwestern guy or woman in manufacturing
who lost this job is working in a copy
shop making $15 an hour instead of 35
find me something in what Trump has done
that is going to make their life better
and then you throw trade on top of it in
the farm States and all the rest of it
there's a lot people haven't yet
processed that but that's suck yeah I I
hear you on that but I'm just not
convinced that that the people who love
Donald Trump are going to be convinced
that the Democrat running against Hannah
is on there significant the people who
are running but but those people are a
small number who love Donald Trump maybe
but again back to the point who's he
gonna be running against Eugene Scott of
the Washington Post great to have you
with us thanks so much crystal also
knows Fat Joe's new pal thanks for me
hundred my friend
he stole your shades before the before
the second I let them to you know he
wanted to look a little more cool from
you still ahead on Morning Joe the Trump
administration banned a reporter from a
rose garden event yesterday after she
asked the president questions about
Russia and Michael Cohen NBC News chief
White House correspondent Hallie Jackson
gives us some perspective on that The
New York Times is Peter Baker also will
weigh in on that and much more when we
come right back thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
