Oh our good buddy Richard Haass he's the
president of the Council on Foreign
Relations summed up yesterday with two
tweets we thought we'd set the table
this way and late afternoon Richard
first tweeted today is ending
considerably better than it started what
with one postponement of the Putin visit
to possible US EU trade truce 3
secretary Pompeo declaring us does not
will not recognize Russian annexation of
Crimea and 4 u.s. district judge ruling
to allow emoluments case to proceed well
two hours later Richard tweeted this I
tweeted today had ended better than it
began ignoring Yogi's wisdom that it
ain't over till it's over now some
congressmen claiming to be conservatives
have moved to impeach the Deputy
Attorney General I'm old enough to
remember when conservatives stood for
norms and the rule of law so with that
as the backdrop thank you Richard Haass
we start right there
a group of Republicans in the House have
introduced articles of impeachment
against Deputy Attorney General Rod
Rosenstein in connection to Special
Counsel Robert Muller's probe into
Russia's election interference the
resolution introduced by chairman of the
house freedom caucus mark meadows along
with fellow freedom caucus member Jim
Jordan and nine other co-sponsors
accuses rose ensign of trying to block
congressional oversight of Muller's
investigation they claim the deputy AG
has withheld documents from and made
misleading statements to Congress on the
matter a spokesman for Meadows tells NBC
News that resolution is not considered a
privilege motion that means whether it
eventually comes up for a floor vote is
now in the hands of the Republican
leadership last week House Speaker Paul
Ryan said Rosenstein should be allowed
to finish his investigation but last
night meadow suggested lawmakers can go
around the speaker to impeach rod Rosen
Stein we hope that it doesn't have to
come to that obviously this is the first
step tonight but it doesn't require
consent from the speaker and quite
frankly it's either we hold them in
contempt where we get the documents or
we impeach him and and the only thing
that we have control over is the ability
to bring impeachment straight to the
floor so last night in reaction top
Democrats on the House Judiciary
Oversight and Intel committees released
a joint statement reading this
resolution
to impeach Deputy Attorney General
Roth's Rosenstein is a direct attack on
the special counsels investigation . to
date special counsel Muller has obtained
30 indictments and five guilty pleas
against a group that includes four Trump
campaign officials in 26 Russian
nationals the president should not
mistake this move by his congressional
enablers as a pretext to take any action
against mr. Rosenstein or mr. Muller and
his investigation so Kasey what is the
freedom caucus up to here obviously
they've been a thorn in the side of
Rosen Stein we saw it in that
congressional hearing Jim Jordan and
Mark Meadows were very tough on him that
day didn't push it far enough in terms
in parliamentary terms to force a vote
on the impeachment for rod rice and sign
so are they just sending a message at
this point or do they mean it yeah and I
mean thinking about how this would
actually have to work there would have
to be 218 people to run it with to
impeach him that's literally never gonna
happen I mean I get text messages all
day long from Republican members of
Congress that I talk to you regularly
who maybe they don't want to be out
there criticizing mark meadows in the
freedom caucus in public but in private
they all are defending this
investigation and rod Rosen Stein and
some of them are starting to say it more
publicly in statements as well so first
of all I don't think this is a
legitimate possibility at least not in
the way that they did it and in fact the
fact that the reality that this isn't
quote/unquote privileged I mean that's
kind of congressional speak for
essentially they're not forcing
leadership's hands so they took one step
back to away from this but at the same
time they are sending a signal to the
White House I think that's what you saw
in that Democratic statement essentially
saying look don't don't view this mr.
president as license to go ahead and do
this and think that it's gonna be okay
this is a way jeremy for republicans who
are against the Moller investigation I
want to protect the president to get one
step closer to Bob Mahler if they
believe somehow they can remove rod
Rosen Stein well that may be their
ultimate objective but look let's take a
broader look at this Helsinki was an
unmitigated disaster from a foreign
policy perspective and also politically
politically for Republicans on the hill
and now you have the Republican Party
essentially split if you look at the
Republicans on the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee I know we're going
to talk about this who are questioning
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo they were
along with Democrats saying our foreign
policy visa V Russia is a disaster it's
suspiciously so and they
harshly critical of the president and so
here we have House Republicans meeting I
think a key distraction from the events
of this week and so they roll out these
articles of impeachment which are really
no more than a press release it's going
nowhere
so let's Rick look at a new poll that
shows a majority of Americans do not
believe the FBI is unfair to the
president according to the latest NPR
PBS Newshour Marist Paul's six and ten
registered voters say the FBI just
trying to do its job a third of voters
say the bureau is biased against the
Trump administration but among
Republicans 37 percent believe the FBI
is just doing its job a little over half
55 percent say the bureau is biased
against the administration so the
freedom caucus members perhaps believe
they have some cover among their own
voters right well they do but the
problem is they are making it worse for
voters who were in swing districts we
were trying to hold on to their seats
this is nothing more than the PR stunt
this is designed to undermine the mall
investigation they have no reason to
acquire these documents it's right now
I've always believed that Congress has
oversight over the executive branch and
they should have oversight over the
executive branch but not during an
active investigation thinking they had
their own investigatory powers and they
can in in in hindsight when the mall
investigation is incomplete they can go
and review all these things and see
things were done properly but to do it
now to have these documents which means
they will get out into the public which
will undermine the investigation and
that's simply what it's designed to do
and while it might help Jim Jordan mark
meadows and their particular districts
because their districts are probably
frustrated that you know we got to do
something you got to do something so
impeaching Rosen's Rosenstein seems to
be a way out but I don't think it helps
the Republican caucus as a whole and
against Sousa as we take a step back
we've made many times the idea that rod
Rosen Stein appointed by this president
is part of some great president some
some great conspiracy to take down
Donald Trump defies belief
yeah it's absurd and let's not forget
there's also not a number three there so
if they get rid of Rob Rosen Stein who
will they replace him what they can't
get someone through the Senate but
putting that all aside I agree with Rick
this is a PR Sun this is like a little
goodbye gift to Donald Trump they're
leaving for a month they're going into
recess so nothing's going to have
and they just kind of threw this out
there is their last hurrah DC to get
like hit all the Fox shows like next 24
hours thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
