day 552 of the Trump administration and
we are still tracking continued fallout
over the release of that taped
conversation between then candidate
Donald Trump and his former lawyer and
fixer Michael Cohen again we learned
tonight the feds have over a hundred
more Cohan recordings more on that in a
moment
back to last night's released recording
here is a key portion where Trump and
Cohen are apparently and
matter-of-factly discussing buying the
rights to the story from a former
Playboy model who claims she had an
affair with Trump in 2006 I need to open
up a company for the transfer of all of
that info regarding our friend David you
know so that I'm gonna do that right
away I've actually come up on TV and I
just broke into Alan why superb about
how to set the whole thing up with
funding yes and it's all the stuff all
the stuff because here you never know
where that company never know what he's
gonna get correct so I'm all over that
and I spoke to Alan about it when it
comes time for the financing which will
be the audio was given to CNN by Michael
Cohen's attorney Lanny Davis NBC News
has authenticated the recording with
Davis but we don't know if the original
recording has been edited at all as
we've reported both sides dispute what's
on the tape you just heard Cohen's
attorney says Trump brought up by paying
in cash president Trump's attorney Rudy
Giuliani flatly says the president can
be heard saying don't pay with cash
according to the president's lawyers the
payment was never made earlier today
President Trump refused to answer
questions about the recording at the
White House
a boisterous day in the oval office to
be sure but no more boisterous than many
other days that went on for about 30
more seconds you just heard CNN reporter
Katelyn Collins in that clip she went on
to ask the president a few more
questions mostly about Vladimir Putin
according to CNN after the White House
announced another event in the Rose
Garden later in the day Collins herself
was asked to come to former Fox News
executive bill shines office in the West
Wing she was met by shine who is these
days deputy chief of staff for
communications in the White House and by
White House press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders Collins said they told
her she was disinvited from the Rose
Garden event that was open to all press
because the question she asked earlier
were inappropriate for the venue and
that she was shouting condemnation of
the move quickly poured in from members
of the news media the White House
Correspondents Association even Fox News
supported the CNN correspondent in this
case the White House released a
statement today that read quote at the
conclusion of a press event in the Oval
Office reporter shouted questions and
refused to leave despite repeatedly
being asked to do so subsequently our
staff informed her she was not welcomed
to participate in the next event but
made clear that any other journalist
from her network could attend she said
it didn't matter to her because she
hadn't planned to be there anyway to be
clear we support a free press and asked
that everyone be respectful of the
presidency and guests at the White House
meanwhile President Trump did respond to
news of the Cohan recording being
released this morning he said on Twitter
what kind of a lawyer would tape a
client so sad is this the first never
heard of it before
why was the tape so abruptly terminated
cut while I was presumably saying
positive things I hear there are other
clients and many reporters that are
taped can this be so too bad meanwhile
Michael Cohen's attorney said today
his client is now committed and telling
the truth Michael Cohen has an answer to
why he taped conversations and I think
you'll have to give that answer himself
I can't reveal that but I will say that
Michael Cohen has turned a corner in his
life and he's now dedicated to telling
the truth to everyone and we'll see what
happens
Philip Rucker of the Washington Post
reports tonight that the tapes release
raises concerns in the White House that
Cohen could spill secrets about Trump to
the FBI quote Cohen has felt wounded and
abandoned by Trump waiting for calls or
even a signal of support that never came
Cohen got frustrated when Trump started
talking about him in the past tense
panicked last month when he thought the
president no longer cared about his
plight and became furious when Trump
lawyer Rudolph W Giuliani contradicted
some of his accounts according to his
associates in Cohen's gravest hour as
one associate described it Trump was
leaving him out in the wilderness the
result is open warfare between attorney
and former client with that let's bring
in our leadoff panel for a Wednesday
night Matt Apuzzo Pulitzer prize-winning
New York Times reporter Cynthia auxin is
back with us a former federal prosecutor
and a veteran of the Civil Rights
Division at the Justice Department and
the aforementioned
Philip Rucker Pulitzer Prize winning
White House bureau chief for the
Washington Post
good evening to you all Phil I'd like to
begin with you and your work tonight you
report that there are over 100 more
recordings that Cohen has made that have
been seized by the feds but that this
one that we just heard was the longest
and most substantive what else can you
add to the record tonight from your
reporting that's right Brian
and many of the recordings that the feds
have are actually of Michael Cohen
taping secretly taping conversations
that he had with reporters with
journalists during the Trump campaign
and and after Trump's election there are
a number of Congress know conversations
between Cohen and Trump but sources are
telling us that those conversations are
not as substantive as the one that was
released last night that said there is
concern inside the White House and more
broadly in Trump's orbit about these
recordings and I think more
importantly about what Michael Cohen may
now feel compelled to share with
prosecutors if he chooses he's clearly
decided to break with president Trump
with by releasing this audio with the
combative statements that his attorney
Lanny Davis has been making and there's
a lot of concern that he may want to
share what he knows with federal
prosecutors he'll further a lot of the
recorded conversations are said to be
with members of the news media and it's
further said about going that he just
would roll on his phone during
conversations kind of in lieu of
note-taking and as a matter of course
that's right that's what Lanny Davis his
attorney told us that Cohen had a
practice of recording conversations
instead of taking notes it sounds odd
for a lawyer to do that but he did and
he did it on his iPhone he would keep
hold of those audio files and you know
Lanny Davis said he didn't intend to do
anything with those audio recordings
other than to keep them as his own
personal record but that was the way he
chose to keep his records when he was
working as Donald Trump's personal
attorney Matt Apuzzo I'd like to play
for you Rudolph Giuliani with sean
hannity tonight because Rudy here's the
tape and views the transcript a
different way he's been talking about
his experience listening to mobsters on
tape and while this conversation likely
taped in Trump Tower and not the
ravenite social club is much clearer
than a lot of law enforcement mobster
wires let's listen to the former mayor
of New York City
you got it listen to it four or five
times which is when I talked about mafia
tapes I talked about this being a mafia
tape I said I'm an expert on tapes I did
4,000 hours of men on tape saying Donald
Trump says don't pay with cash
interruption : no no no no I got it
check no no no and then very very
suspiciously he cuts the tape off
because it's a very very innocent very
solid exhalation so Matt there you have
it your reaction well I'm you so we live
into the tape four or five times and you
know I have not listened to as many
hours of of secretive mob recordings as
Rudy Giuliani so I can't I can't really
compare the two but but this is a case
where you know Rudy Giuliani is saying
well here believe our transcript because
you can't believe what you hear and and
this is the this is what we run into a
little bit with with both candidate
Donald Trump and Donald Trump in the
administration right now is they say
things and then it turns out that those
things are not true
and then reporters say ok but what about
the other thing and there's a and we're
not gonna talk about that and so it's
it's it's a strategy that we've not seen
in Washington ever really work before
because most press secretaries most
politicians realize that getting caught
in the lie is like usually way worse
than whatever it is you're being asked
about you know so whether it's you're
the president's got a plan to fire the
Secretary of State or the president
dictated misleading statement and his
son's name or there's a tape and it
shows that the president knew that the
National Enquirer had the rights to this
you know this this story about an
alleged affair and every time they say
they don't know anything about it other
stories fall so you know it's fake news
and then time after time it turns out
it's real and then they just say move on
so you know let's I will see what
happens if they can enhance the tape I
guess well let's turn to a former Fed
all right sent the nation turns it's
lonely eyes to you short of hiring a
skywriter as I've said before it appears
mr. Cohen is anxious to work with the
feds
two questions for you how does this tape
being out there affect that bid and
secondly what do you make of the tape
well I don't think it does mr. Cohen any
good to have released the tape what
we've seen over the last couple months
is Cohen trying to get a pardon from
Trump he was sort of fishing for a
pardon and that went
we're and now he spent the last time
with Lanny Davis kind of fishing for
some kind of agreement or some kind of
deal to flip and and so far they aren't
biting and the problem for him is
prosecutors are control freaks and we
like to be in charge of our case and we
like to do it in the courtroom we do not
as much as we love you Brian we do not
like to do it on the eleventh hour and
we do not like to do it on Good Morning
America and we do not like to do it on
the Today Show so it doesn't help it
doesn't help Cohen that Lanny Davis is
on this media campaign and that they're
releasing tapes in fact what he should
do is be quiet
he should hire he can hire Lanny Davis
or he can hire somebody who else who
likes to be quiet and they should have
private discussions with the US
Attorney's Office I think it's a mistake
and it almost makes me wonder because as
much as he's fishing around for a deal
and he can't seem to get one if he
angers them enough he won't get one
because they can just go ahead and
prosecute him and deal with them down
the road and that's kind of what he's
looking at if he doesn't start behaving
in in a in a smarter way
in my opinion and as far as the tape
goes whether it's cash or cheque I don't
think it makes a difference the point is
that the president has lied about this
he was involved in the discussions he
knew what they were doing and that
there's a real threat here for
conspiracy to violate campaign finance
laws to the president United States
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
