so Matt you were last on this broadcast
Friday night when reporters was
preferring the theory for the first time
that many of us were going after the
story wrong and the airing of the tape
was a Giuliani method of lessening
Cohen's value in fact in the piece you
contributed to in The Times tonight I'm
looking at this Giuliani quote about
Lanny Davis he's basically destroying
his client as a witness because he
really isn't a criminal lawyer he's
playing it like a shill as opposed to a
lawyer his whole theory you bring it all
out that's great but now the guy's
ruined as a witness
what prosecutor is going to use him you
see where I'm going that it's it's
diminishing of Cohen's potential value
as a flip
yeah and it's it's interesting because
to Phil's point about how Michael Cohen
feels you know out in the wilderness
you know Cohen's lawyers actually
approached Rudy Giuliani and said you
know would is the president planning to
pardon Michael Cohen how is this gonna
go and Giuliani kind of like you know
we'll see how it goes and that was not
reassuring to Cohen and then you have
Giuliani making these statements talking
about how the tape is going to sculpt
Ettore is gonna be good for Donald Trump
and you know the the hiring of Lanny
Davis you don't hire Lanny Davis if you
want to be quiet and lay low you you
hire Lena Davis if you want to be on
television and you want to get your side
out and you wanna you want to fight on
cable news and and so yeah whether or
not that's ultimately good for Michael
Cohen I don't know but Lanny Davis's
book subtitle is a tell it all tell it
first and tell yourself and here they
they they told it second hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
