we got one big step closer of Donald
Trump's tax returns today and one big
step closer to exposing how Donald Trump
has been conducting his private
businesses for profit while President of
the United States a federal judge ruled
against president Trump's attempt to
dismiss a lawsuit brought against the
president under the emoluments Clause of
the Constitution today the judge ruled
that the plaintiffs quote convincingly
argued that the term emolument means any
profit gain or advantage Trump could
receive from his businesses as the
Washington Post points out this ruling
appeared to mark the first time a
federal judge had interpreted those
constitutional provisions and applied
their restrictions to a sitting
president joining our discussion now
David Cay Johnston Pulitzer Prize
winning journalist who founded DC report
org he is the author of it's even worse
than you think
what the Trump administration is doing
to America and David Cay your book is
about actual governing policies that the
Trump administration has been conducting
but every day Donald Trump has been
conducting the business of the Trump
companies and the Trump Organization and
this lawsuit seems to be the vehicle
that has a chance of exposing more of
that than even possibly the Muller
investigation well it certainly does
because this lawsuit was very well
crafted and they got the judge to go
back and see how dictionaries defined
emolument the Justice Department wants
us to think emolument means paying a
bribe
well bribe is already in the
Constitution we don't need it it's
redundant to do so and if the end of his
52 pages judge misete whose mother
didn't raise any fools goes through the
Trump Hotel deal and points out that
Donald Trump changed who was at the
government Services Agency the people
who run the lease for the Trump Hotel
and then they gave this opinion that
said that he could run the place even
though the contract says no elected
official of the government may be
involved in that deal I think that's
gonna turn out to be very important when
the Justice Department appeals this case
and tries to stop this case again
because in these kind
of cases the Justice Department
functions as the president's lawyer in a
loss of liquor right and they're
defending the office they're defending
the office yeah and and so one of the
normal targets of discovery in this case
would be the president's tax returns
including corporate tax returns to try
to find out through those tax returns
exactly how much money how much profits
just the size of the emoluments correct
and I would expect that the crew people
are going to move very quickly to start
discovery they're going to want to look
at the books and records behind Donald's
tax returns and his filings with the
District of Columbia and with the
federal government and Donald has a long
well-documented history of hiding
records of claiming they were destroyed
or aren't available and of signing
letters authorizing what I would
politely call unorthodox accounting
methods as in all for me nothing for you
and David the what do you see is the
possible timetable of this lawsuit well
it depends on how quickly the Justice
Department moves to appeal which I
assume they're going to do and they've
got I'm not don't remember the Court
Rule I think they've got the 30 or 60
days to do this but crew is going to
push to act as quickly as they possibly
can the Citizens for responsibility
ethics in Washington the people who
brought this case and who crafted their
complaint very smartly they have
professor Lawrence tribe and other great
legal authorities working on their side
and so this case through the appeals
process could end up going to a United
States Supreme Court where Donald Trump
might by that time have had two justices
appointed yes
more likely to go first to the Court of
Appeals but there could be a direct
appeal I don't think this is over and I
don't think Cruz going to get access
right away but they're gonna push right
away for this but I think if people who
want to really understand policy you
know to get the judge's decision off the
internet and read pages 48 and 49 they
are very compelling you don't need to be
a lawyer to understand
two pages they deal with the post office
lease and remember we have two
emoluments clauses one applies to all
federal officials about foreign gifts
then there's also the domestic clause
and that's the one I think is going to
cause Trump more trouble and we can
expect questions in judge Kavanagh as
confirmation hearing about this case
yeah if we get the answers I'll be
surprised right but this is this is an
obvious case for Democrats especially to
be looking at and saying what about the
monuments yes and and and I expect that
will press very hard and Cavanaugh I'm
sure in the farce that we call judicial
hearings is going to be ready to avoid
answering anything David Cay Johnston
thank you very much for joining us
tonight really appreciate it thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
