I'll present Champa the president the
European Commission today agreed to work
toward resolving trade disputes let's
watch that we agreed today first of all
to work together towards zero tariffs
zero non-tariff barriers and zero
subsidies on non auto industrial goods
we will also work to reduce barriers and
increase trade and services chemicals
pharmaceuticals medical products as well
as soybeans well this comes a date that
was the key phrase by the way soybeans
this came a little bit at the time that
the Trump administration announced a 12
billion dollar bailout the farmers
harmed as a result of Trump's ongoing
trade war it didn't sit well with some
Republicans that are on Johnson
Wisconsin said this is becoming more and
more like a Soviet type of economy here
Sybrina it seems to me that he's feeling
the heat he put on that little show
today
they haven't resolved the problem this
was just relief the president is
realizing that those have been hit
hardest by his tariffs are the very
people who voted for him the
agricultural industry but this is a
short-term short-term fix for a
self-inflicted wound
and a lot of Republicans have panned the
proposal now the question is what are
they gonna do about it just a couple
weeks ago the Senate voted to limit the
president's authority on terrace but it
was non-binding so are they actually
going to now have more support perhaps
for sending something more definitive to
his desk
that would actually require
congressional approval before he were to
pursue any further policy on tyrants
when I watched that press conference
stay in the Rose Garden I kept thinking
back to two weeks ago the end of the
NATO summit in Brussels where the
president came out afterwards and said
all these countries are now going to be
chipping in more for the common defense
for NATO funding we still don't know
what exactly that agreement was McCrone
from france basically denied that there
was any new agreement here there was
nothing in that press conference that we
could sink our teeth into it was all a
bunch of we're starting a dialogue I
think it's gonna go a good place he's
trying to change the subject from what
would happen yesterday with 12 bill not
finally a meal out more evidence of
Trump's love for all things Fox the New
York Times reports that during the
president's trip to Helsinki the first
lady that would milania's TV on airfare
first one was tuned to CNN when the
president boarded Trump Report he raged
at his staff for violin
at the White House entourage should
begin each trip tuned to Fox
The Times reports that an internal email
chain White House officials confirmed
the tune in the TVs to Fox would be
standard operating procedure going
forward
Aaron state TV that's what it looks like
at least on Air Force One had to known
anything else the first lady spokeswoman
responded today by saying she can watch
whatever TV station she's serious the
president I states heard that the first
lady's TV was set to CNN so he had
achieved and said it must always be is
the approach that's being taken within
the White House and what he insists upon
even for members of his own family I
think that says a lot about exactly what
kind of bubble of information he wants
around us organic farming here these
people were being cultivated with
thought well what was really interesting
is they looked as if this was the latest
example of Melania Trump saying I'm
gonna do whatever I want to do she has
done that multiple times the code she
did like that like the Troublesome code
and she did say that these reports were
wrong she pretty much put out a
statement that's it if I want to watch
CNN that's what I'm president who is so
sensitive to criticism that he can only
live within his own echo chamber and
this of course comes as he continues to
attack the press as the White House is
barring reporters from events as he was
telling people just yesterday don't
listen to or believe what you hear in
the news so it's also part of this
broader authoritarian view that he has
of the media where he is now normalizing
this the attacks that are being made on
the freedom of the press he's ultimately
result setting a tone from the top that
tries to discredit the media and the
institutions that are a key part of this
democracy Jane you never think of 1984
but the TV that's always on yeah it's
always watching and always Big Brother's
always talking yeah I mean that's what
could be happening but he needs to know
that people are watching him as well
thank you mom you turn the tables there
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
