as we've been reporting today President
Trump called stormy Daniels horseface
yesterday prompted this post by
President Obama's former chief official
White House photographer Pete Souza who
highlighted this photograph with the
caption it's only okay to call a horse a
horse face example of how Souza is using
the moments captured during his time in
the Obama White House to take jabs at
the Trump administration the tactic
known to his millions of Instagram
followers as throwing shade but Souza's
trolling of President Trump is no longer
limited to social media his new book is
titled shade a tale of two presidents
and Pete Souza joins us now peak morning
good to see you thanks for having me how
and when did this begin for you he
didn't set out to throw shade I
understand you'd even know what that
meant a couple of years ago no I mean
actually started a couple of days after
the inauguration when I posted a picture
of President Obama in the Oval Office
with the red curtains in the background
and I just said kind of like the old
curtains better it had a double meeting
and I think people caught on to so we
usually don't see this from a White
House photographer who has that
fly-on-the-wall quality to him or to her
what made you want to step out and make
this stand well I think this guy
disrespects the office of the presidency
I mean it's as simple as that if if John
McCain or Mitt Romney or Marco Rubio had
been elected president I wouldn't be
doing this because I think they would
have respected the office I don't think
he does
alright let's take a couple look at some
of these is your response to president
Trump's claim that President Obama had
his phones tapped during the election
you had what residents saying say what
say what and I was trying to imagine how
President Obama was reacting to reading
this where Trump accused him of a high
crime essentially and I couldn't I know
President Obama really well I don't know
how he would have reacted so that's why
I had the different expressions do you
hear from President Obama about your
photographs he tells me that friends
when he's on the road tell him about
what does he think he you know I think
he thinks they're probably pretty funny
so here's your response to president
from criticism of President Obama not
doing enough to confront Russian
President Vladimir Putin about election
meddling with the cat
not much laughter happening here that
was in Beijing in 2014 I mean you know
it kind of says it all right I mean
President Obama was not afraid of being
tough on world leaders when necessary
two things one is the power of
photographs to sort of be a narrative
corrector because we live in a time
where I think it's fair to say the
occupant of the White House likes to
pedal and falsities throughs and
photographs are a great way to sort of
counterbalance that do you find that
that's sort of your calling here to use
your photographs as a way to you know
promote truth that's my first sometimes
definitely I mean the crowd on an
inauguration day yeah you know I mean
the picture from 2009 which was the
biggest crowd ever at an inauguration to
counter Trump's claims that he had the
biggest now my second question is just
about you yourself you've taken how I
mean God knows how many pictures you
took during the course of the Obama
presidency
do you have an encyclopedic knowledge of
what those photos are and where to pull
them out from I mean when you see a
tweet in your in your head is it working
you know that day at that point I
remember this picture from the Obama
administration I'm gonna go find it yes
you have that tie yeah it's it's it's
usually in my head really and oftentimes
I just google it because the pictures
I'm using are ones that we had made
public while we were in office sure so
they're public domain and I can usually
google them and find them so you ever
made you can recall specific moments in
junctures that you took yes have you
ever used private pictures that weren't
public domain no why not because I just
don't think it's the right thing to do
you saved from the next book yeah what's
interesting to someone looking at the
pictures or at least it's interesting to
me is in the crowd shots most of the
crowd shots that you use in this book
and in others people look really happy
to see the President of the United
States and if you juxtapose it to the
crowd shots today with mr. Trump they
seem you know on the edge of being
gleeful
but about you know something bad is
gonna happen I mean he's gonna you know
make fun of people it's like a comedy
show but your crowd shots are different
well I don't think President Obama from
the podium would you know bully people
he didn't call the press that were
they're the enemy of the people so he
was talking to them and not talking
about other people in a negative way in
fairness there are a lot of people very
excited to see President Trump if you
ever been to one of those rallies
I didn't the tempo of the crowd is
different right but they're happy to see
Trump as well this is beat your response
to the appointment of robert muller as
special counsel in charge of the russia
investigation what are you saying here
with this picture i don't remember what
my caption is it's too small to read but
i did want to point out that that robert
muller is one of the greatest public
servants of our generation he served in
the FBI was asked to stay on past his
term by President Obama I mean this this
this guy is without question just a
great government service person and it
served Republican and Democratic
presidents obviously now this one week I
want to bring you in on this is Pete's
response to president Trump's
disparaging comments about women
particularly his attack on you
Mika what do you say Mika's back on this
one and show that President Obama had a
lot of women in senior positions around
him Mika and in fact he asked her at the
White House Council on women and girls
who passed the lilly Ledbetter Act I
mean this President Obama really
considered elevating the level of women
and helping them use their voices and
find leadership positions was better for
America and all of that has literally
been wiped away the council is gone and
what we have now I guess in terms of
examples of female leadership would be
Kellyanne Conway
Ivanka and Melania and Sarah Huckabee
Sanders so it's hard when they don't
defend women when they're being defamed
it's it's hard to understand what has
happened let's take a look at another
one this is your response be to reports
of President Trump calling the White
House a dump you said in the caption
despite what some say the White House
definitely is not a dump what a shameful
thing to say or even to think I mean I
think that says it all I think there are
so many people that permanent workers of
the White House that do so much every
day to keep that how it's looking great
and functioning and this is your
response peated president Ron's nickname
for North Korean leader Kim Jong good
right there's only one rocket man Sir
Elton John I kind of cracked myself so
you knew you had the institutional
memory that you had taken a photo oh
yeah yeah yeah as soon as he called him
little rocket man I said I remember that
photo that day that's great how long do
you take on the caption because it's not
just the captions are the tough work I
feel like some captions take longer than
others some of them though come up yeah
that was easy
you're a photograph Trump prior to his
presidency well I mean two days after
the election that was that was it when
he came to the White House and then on
inauguration day I took at the job I was
the washington-based photographer for
the Chicago Tribune
yeah when Barack Obama was elected to
the Senate 2004 got to know him because
of that
professional relationship that we had
what's it like to be as I said a fly on
the wall almost everywhere the president
United States goes and to really get to
know him intimately in a way that none
of us ever will yeah I mean the
interesting thing about the White House
with however is you see the president in
all aspects of their life you know in
the Situation Room but then with playing
with his daughters in the snow and he
would always be just sort of off to the
sides like who is this guy he's got all
the scoops I didn't realize you were the
photographer what were you like and what
was it like that horrible
up in Sandy of Connecticut yeah yeah
well I mean the day of the shooting was
was hard because President Obama took
that so personally that and you know
just imagine imagining what it must have
been like for those 20 parents of
six-year-olds that that died and then to
go to Sandy Hook and spent three hours
with the families privately consoling
them in a way that was the worst
situation ever to happen in their life
and it was two days later and so they
were still trying to come to grips with
what was happening and they were having
to talk to the president United States I
mean we don't see that kind of
interaction from the president today
which i think is unfortunate pete souza
saw it all over eight years the good and
the truly awful the book is shade a tale
of two presidents it's out now Pete
thanks so much gonna see it thank Myka
and still ahead Jamal khashoggi has not
been seen since October 2nd and
president Trump is pushing back against
the growing criticism of Saudi Arabia by
invoking Brett Kavanaugh calling this
another case of guilty until proven
innocent
Plus Democrat better o'rourke finds
something in common with President Trump
will tell you what that is
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
