the American public appears to have a
hard time comprehending Trump's bizarre
behavior over in Russia a new Quinnipiac
poll finds that a majority of Americans
51% that's a majority say they believe
that Russia has compromising information
about the president they've got
something warn them tell me right now
it's Phil bump national crisis putter
for the National Post and Heidi
president national political reporter
for NBC News Philip I want to ask you
about that poll also 50 I was like to
look at the independent voter and 55% a
bit more of them also think that the
president's somehow compromised to put
it lightly by something that Putin has
in his bag over there what do you make
of that it's a public opinion yeah I
mean it is I'm not terribly surprised by
the results of that poll simply because
so many Americans holds such a negative
opinion of the president one of the
things I think that jumped out of me
about that question in particular was
even about a fifth of Republicans think
that perhaps the Russians have something
incriminating on president Trump and I
think that part of this is part of the
problem here obviously is the fact that
we have so far been unable to explain
why it is the president Trump behaved in
the way that he did exactly to your
point I mean if you look for example the
fact that we don't know what happened
during that conversation if you look at
Secretary of State Pompeo explanation of
how tough Trump has been on Russia you
just played that excerpt of him saying
there was no distance between what the
administration was doing what the
president was doing but that's simply
not true we have reporting that suggests
that on multiple occasions when the
administration was taking a hard line on
Russia President Trump opposed it he got
irritated according to reporting once he
learned how many people how many Russian
diplomats were being expelled from the
country he took a long time to implement
sanctions there are all these ways in
which he has repeatedly demonstrated
himself personally repeatedly
demonstrated the weakness on Russia that
remains unexplained and wasn't explained
today by pompei Philip to make your
point today I think I heard Pompeo who
it does impress me and sometimes often
more than the president presses me said
today he agreed with the chair of the
committee corker bob corker from
tennessee the chair a republican that
they should be looking at the tougher
sanctions against russia i don't hear
the president talk about tougher
sanctions against russia yeah i mean
though the way the president describes
how he's reacted to russia he is the
toughest there's ever been for a variety
of reasons some of which are valid and
some of which aren't i mean there was
for example people may remember
that the UN ambassador nikki Haley made
an announcement about some impending
sanctions on Russia that were then
scaled back they ended up not happening
because apparently President Trump
didn't want to move forward with them so
they're all these ways in which what
President Trump is doing is separate
from what the administration's doing and
then he tries to take credit for it well
the administration of Donald Trump has
also been reluctant or unable to say
with any clarity what the president
discussed with Putin for two hours
behind closed doors last week secretary
Pompeo defended the president's apparent
need for secrecy and a contentious back
and forth with Democrats Senator Bob
Menendez of Jersey New Jersey has the
president told you what he and President
Putin discuss in their two-hour
closed-door meeting in Helsinki
presidents have a Praga to choose who's
in meetings then oppressors are entitled
to have private meetings I'm telling you
what US policy is did here's how the
Putin that our release or ultimately
relaxed sanctions senator what you need
to conduct your role your appropriate
wall I will provide you today senator I
understand the game that you're playing
know you know mr. secretary all due
respect I don't appreciate you
characterizing my questions my questions
is to get to the truth we don't know
what the truth is let's put Menendez
aside in his manner of interrogating but
let's talk about this the president
hasn't apparently told his Secretary of
State what went on for two hours at
Helsinki that's interesting well he says
that he did and yet that was one of the
specific questions one of the senators
tried to get pomp Hill on the record now
you're telling me you know everything
that you got a full debriefing from the
president he said yes good and then he
proceeded to ask him specific questions
including about sanctions and Pompeyo
would not answer it and one of the
things that he did in addition to saying
we're not changing policy was to
continually go back to the president's
statements about Russia well here's when
he made a strong statement and here's
when he said he believed the
intelligence community but for every
single one of those statements there's
10 more calling it a witch-hunt calling
it a hoax and then standing beside
Vladimir Putin and calling our own
country foolish and denigrating US
intelligence agencies so what he's
actually doing when he says I disagree
with you senator corker is he's telling
the American
people that he disagrees with their own
eyes he disagrees with what all of us
saw in Helsinki and he disagrees with
the fact that we all are an adult's and
we see for ourselves the fact that the
president's overwhelming tone and
statement I know I know
but I think it's straight reportable
notice I said this last week if you
watch anything about the body language
the weight the way the Putin came
springing out onto that platform after
his two-hour meeting he was in heaven he
jumped up onto that stage and he just
eat just just look at him he's got a
little swagger he waving his arms around
later
he just loves this moment where's Obama
where the other guy looks like he's had
a hard time and then he get something
with that little mischievous grin of his
with his cheeks way up there he looks
like he's smirking he you did have a
grin in just the body language as well
not just that I've got this yard by the
shorts like I own this guy is the
message a lot of people took which is
our polling 55% of independent voters
said I think the guy's got something on
that big guy to his right hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
