the president's Trump lawyer now has
said that the tape is exculpatory and
bolsters his client's argument and last
night one foxy denied that the president
anything wrong this is at most an
attempt to do something I don't know of
any attempt in this category of of crime
what they're looking at so in any event
I don't think anyone can suggest that
this represents anything where the
creditors did anything wrong well let me
suggest it anyway the president lashed
out at Cohen this morning tweeting what
kind of a war would tape a client so sad
is this a first never heard of it before
why was the tape so abruptly terminated
cut while I was presumably saying
positive things I hear their other
clients and many reporters that are hard
tapes can this be so too bad after
meeting with the president the European
Commission today Trump avoided taking
any questions from the press let's watch
this is a press conference with no press
questions thank you very much
thank you very much what a press
briefing on the Rose guard in fact the
president made took no questions there
either
anyways CNN is reporting now that the
report who asked them a question was
summoned to build shines office that's
the former co-president of Fox News and
current deputy chief of staff for
communications at the White House while
there she was informed that she would be
barred from attending a press
availability in the Rose Garden because
her questions quote were inappropriate
for the venue and because she was
shouting it's a common practice of
course for pool reporters to ask
questions in that setting for more I'm
drama Betsy Woodruff politics reporter
for The Daily Beast Paul Butler a former
federal prosecutor Ken Delaney an
intelligence and that security reporter
for NBC News well let's talk about this
I can about this so we hear the
president eyes States talking about
making a payoff to this company of those
the National Enquirer of $150,000 the
purpose of the payoff is apparently to
keep the story from printed but they
make it to take it out of the hands of
Karen McDougal
who said she had the relationship with
Trump get her to give up her story give
up rights to using it but giving it to
anybody else so that they can kill this
story and doing it within months of the
presidential election that fall when
he's a candidate for president to kill
this story to kill the bad news to
protect him as a candidate and all that
what's the significance of all this
beyond the sneakiness of the whole thing
well the first significance chris is
that the White House lied about it when
when this first came out hope Hicks said
that Donald Trump knew nothing about
this payment but this this tape clearly
shows that he was aware of it they even
talked about the idea that the president
of this company David Becker could get
hit by a bus and might change his mind
about only owning the rights to this
woman's story so therefore they would
they had to consider buying the rights
themselves the second issue here is
whether this amounts to a campaign
finance violation and this tape is not
dispositive on that point but Lanny
Davis Michael Cohen's lawyer said in an
interview with NBC News that he believes
that's what happened here that this was
a payment made to squelch a story that
was dangerous to Donald Trump's election
that it wasn't
counter for properly that it could be a
campaign finance violation the same way
John Edwards the former senator was
charged with felonies now Edwards was
acquitted but this fact pattern is much
more incriminating because this payment
was made right before the election and
Michael Cohen C wasn't prepared to
testify that it was about protecting
Trump well in those days with John
Edwards he was getting help from bunny
Mao and a wealthy woman one of the
wealthiest people in the world basically
who paid for the payoff what's her name
his filmography her I think was their
title and Canterbury shipped quiet with
him but he but there's a case where you
have Trump did all this and he's paying
money to shut up somebody to Karen
McDougal to help his campaign yes it's a
campaign contribution you could argue
but it's him contributing to his own
campaign which under Buckley Vallejo a
constitutional ruling you're allowed to
give all the money in the world if you
own it to your own campaign so how's
that square with it being a violation
well because you have to account for
those contributions because the the law
says the public has a right to know
who's giving even if it's you and how
much you gave but you're right Chris
look the bottom line is if this is all
they ever get on Donald Trump this is
someone call this a kind of a chicken
feed we'll use a different word charge
against the president United States
nonetheless if there was a criminal
conspiracy here to violate campaign
finance laws that could end up being an
important situation Paul you know I
guess times have changed under Trump but
not for the better we have defined
deviancy way down I guess there was a
time when we all be thrilled thrilled
actually in a negative way to hear that
the president States was on the phone
with his Fixer lawyer talking about
paying off a woman because he had an
affair that he was afraid she'd go
public with that used to be big news
before Trump I mean go back to Clinton
go back to enema Kennedy wherever I mean
I wouldn't be shocked to know this kind
of thing that's happened in the past if
it did but I would be shocked we had a
tape of it we could hear the president's
own voice talking about funding I mean
he's actually talking about cash and
write verses checks and it's all the
details of a sort of a criminal
conspiracy your thoughts it's really
shady it's really unseemly it's probably
legal on the part of Trump if all he's
doing is paying hush money to
people like Karen McDougal and stormy
Daniels that's not against the law as
Ken said what would be a criminal issue
is if this is in fact to a the campaign
which the tape makes fairly clear it is
then it should have been reported how
does this make counties that make it
look like in the tape we were listening
to just now the whole tape then it was a
campaign contribution that shut her up
it would hurt his chances in winning the
election because they're very concerned
about the period before the election
Cullen is clearly now an agent of the
campaign he's no longer just mr. Fixit
in mr. Trump's lawyer he's making
representations on behalf of the
campaign the other thing that's really
got a worry president Trump is the way
that other members of the Trump
Organization have been brought in now
Alan weiselberger who was the CFO of the
Trump Organization he's implicated in
trying to set up this shell corporation
as well as the CEO of am i which is
national Enquirer's holding company
again both of these people may not only
have the exposure for conspiracy to
violate the campaign law but they can
open up a whole Pandora's box to the
Trump organization's finances we're
pretty sure President Trump does not
want a prosecutor to go anywhere near
his finances you're the best Paul thank
you I can't tell you how much I
appreciate you coming on this program
according to the New York Times federal
authorities have to come to believe that
am i that's the company that owns the
nest on choir acted more it's a
political supporter then as a news
organization was not functioning under
what campaign finance law calls a
legitimate press functions they were
contributing basically by helping Trump
out that could create legal and
political challenges for the president
David pecker the chairman of the seat
and she and CEO of ami that's the
holding company of the National Enquirer
is a close friend of the President and
also of Michael Cowan sources tell the
Wall Street Journal that when pecker
took over - am I in the late 1990s he
imposed a moratorium on negative stories
catch this about mr. Trump no bad news
on Donald Trump his friend sources also
tell the paper that throughout the 2016
presidential campaign am i would
privately communicate quote to bolster
the can eight and bash his opponents
let me go to Betsy in this a couple of
things tradecraft journalism if you get
a tape recording from somebody and then
from their adversary in the fight so you
get the tape recording from Lanny
Davis's working for Michael Cohen they
get handed like they did this CNN the
other day or you get a transcript of it
which one would you think was really
being forthright because I can't
remember Nixon Nixon try to give a big
barrel of transcripts um but it heavily
did redacted his version of the board
but you give the trick the tape out it
seems like you're giving more it closer
to the truth your thoughts I think
without a doubt it's a lot easier to
sort of doctor or mess around with a
transcript something typed up than it is
with audio that's not to say eligible
when you don't like a line or two
exactly that's noticing you can't doctor
audio and of course there are parts of
this tape that are hard to understand
there's as you heard it I I don't have
any knowledge that everything let's be
good I don't know if I don't have reason
to believe that I can't speak to it but
of course if you're trying to project
confidence releasing a tape releasing
audio recordings is much stronger than
releasing a transcript the fact that
Rudy Giuliani is talking about needing
to slow things down or look at this
official transcript it doesn't look
great
well we're big people here boys and
girls all grown up we're used to hearing
the politicians are not Saints okay move
on what do you think that most part
Americans would think when they hear the
way the president's talking to his fixer
lawyer in this conversation whether it's
comfort with the conversation what's
striking is how Cavalier the president's
tone is in this audio he talks about
paying off a tabloid company to try to
cover up a story related to his alleged
affair with a former Playboy Playmate
like he's talking about setting up a
golf outing like you said alleged he
doesn't think it's it happened
apparently but he talks about it like
it's like it's just sort of another
average day in the life of Donald Trump
paying off tabloids not to run stories
that could potentially be mortifying to
you and to your family and I think
that's what makes this audio so striking
and so significant is that it just
speaks to the way that Trump did
business the way that he handles these
issues that for just about anybody else
would be extraordinarily controversial I
mean imagine if President Obama had had
some even event going if he behaved like
this president it wouldn't be in closed
called by his enemies Reince Priebus the
all stood former chief of staff to trump
dismissed the recordings there's nothing
special and had this glowing take of his
former boss I was one of the people that
would freak out over every one of these
kinds of stories and overtime what I
figured out with the president is that
nothing sticks to him none of this
sticks and in what I found about his
character is that he is a person who's
able which I am not one of these kinds
of people that can handle 50 and
kaboodle you know massive you know
bullets coming at you well I don't want
you to be a media critic Ken because
that's not your role here neither it's
Munir is it mine but there he is on a
network a cable network where they're
bragging together about how good he is
at avoiding responsibility for behavior
that most other people would be held
accountable for their raving about his
sneakiness has how he could sneaks by
and doesn't get caught that's supposedly
a journalistic conversate aren't they
great we can't catch him and the irony
is the one of the reasons nothing sticks
to him is because he has a whole
right-wing media apparatus until like
right they wake up every night but look
I think you know what's interesting
about about the tapes is as we saw with
the Nixon Watergate situation Nixon
might have survived Watergate if not for
the tapes the tapes were this sort of
brutal unvarnished machinations in the
Oval Office now depending on how many
tapes there are in this situation with
Michael Cohen and Donald Trump it may
start to affect how some of these
middle-of-the-road people who don't want
to believe what we say how they start to
look at how this president behaves I
agree by the way Nixon set up his own
Frankenstein's monster he set up the
tapes yep I'm sure he thought about the
rest of his life why did I tape myself
in this case it was the lawyer fixer who
was preparing himself for whatever he
did but it ended up today being here on
television the tapes of the backroom
match the nations of one Donald Trump
sneaking around Thank You Betsy would
you thank you Paul Butler I said you're
the great one thank you Ken I'm so glad
we have you ken Delaney and working with
NBC coming up hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
you
