welcome back in tonight's meet the
midterms perhaps some buyer's remorse in
two of the states that help but put
Donald Trump in the White House Michigan
and Wisconsin President Trump beat
Hillary Clinton 48 47 in Michigan two
years ago but in the latest NBC News
Marist Poll just 36 percent of
registered voters say they approve of
the president's job performance 54%
disapprove looking ahead to 2020 62%
said they'd like to give a new person a
chance just 28% think Donald Trump
deserves to be reelected the picture so
much rosier in Wisconsin another state
that Donald Trump won in 2016 with less
than 50% of the vote forty eight percent
to be exact according to our new NBC
News Marist Poll 36 percent of
registered Wisconsin voters approve of
the president's performance 52%
disapprove and an overwhelming 63
percent Wisconsin voters think someone
else deserves a chance
31% would like to see Donald Trump get a
second term next presidential election
is more than two years from now but this
year's midterms are just three and a
half months from now and when nearly
two-thirds of voters in two key states
say someone other than the Republican
president should be elected that has to
set off alarm bells for Republicans
hoping do not just maintain control of
Congress this cycle but worried about
all others our power come 2021
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
