welcome back we are continuing to
monitor monitors Secretary of State Mike
Pompeii is testimony before the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee heard me now
is someone who knows a little something
about foreign policy and the Intel
community and it's Leon Panetta he was
of course defense secretary and CIA
director at different times under
President Obama he was also previously a
White House chief of staff OMB director
Budget Committee chairman member of
Congress served in a Republican White
House Democratic White House anyway I'd
run out of time if I keep doing the
resume nice to see you sir
let me start with a basic question to
educate us all why do you have a
security clearance still and what's the
what's the purpose of it the former
directors of the CIA retain a security
clearance in the event that the director
of the CIA wants to call you either back
to Washington or call you to brief you
on what's going on and tried to seek
your advice that's usually the purpose
of having that kind of clearance and you
know I when I was director I I called
upon my former directors actually
brought him to meetings at at Langley
and briefed them had staff their brief
them on sensitive issues and then kind
of open it up to get their advice how
does that process work when you leave
government so you retain a clearance do
you check in do you have to file and you
have to file a disclosure form once a
year do people need to know about your
finances what are the rules for sort of
ex-officios you know Chuck I don't I
don't know what's rules are I don't know
what is the press what we're trying to
find out it is the president's threat
and meaningful well obviously the
president has I would assume the
authority to do to actually
revoke somebody's clearance if that's
what he wants to do obviously the way
the rules are with regards to clearances
you usually don't lose a clearance
unless you've abused it in some way
gotcha either revealing classified
information or having some personal
problems that could raise questions
about whether you could retain
classified information but to just do it
because you don't particularly like the
comments that somebody's making with
regards to your presidency that's that's
probably an abuse of that responsibility
and is it only the CIA that gets this
and is it only members of the high-level
members of Intel or what like when you
stop keeping that clearance deputy
director next level down what is that
what is that what's your understanding I
don't I don't know all the rules as to
who was retains those security
clearances or not I do know that former
directors of the CIA have that clearance
let me move to this issue of trying to
figure out what President Trump and
Vladimir Putin talked about in that
two-hour meeting you've seen a lot of
back-and-forth secretary Pompeo seems to
indicate he thinks he has a pretty
pretty good understanding do you believe
him you know I watched the testimony I
think Mike Pompeo did the best job he
could under the circumstances obviously
he wasn't present at that meeting
between Putin and Trump and you know
it's it's obvious that you know it's
hard to to really be able to understand
just exactly what was discussed and what
was agreed to I think what you're seeing
here is kind of a disconnect
it's a disconnect between mr. Trump and
the tweets and the discussions and the
things he likes to do and what Mike
Pompeo called US policy which is what he
and and Jim mattis and I guess Bolton to
some extent all agree is US policy and
it's much more consistent with what the
United States has stood for but there is
this disconnect and I think Mike Pompeo
obviously had a difficult time
responding to chairman corkers comments
about why is there this disconnect with
a president who says what he says and
yet what you say about US policy and I
don't think Mike gave a very good answer
on that one there was political reported
on something today called a special
collection service at your former
employer over in Langley there the CIA
where obviously that the US government
essentially has the ability to find out
through perhaps taps of Russian
officials orders that are sent around to
that who Putin briefed and things like
that that actually the CIA my that Jena
Haspel might actually have a better idea
right now what happened in that meeting
than Mike Pompeo is that how good your
service your former so though that this
sort of special collection service is at
the CIA well there there's not much
question without going into classified
information that there are I'm hoping to
get you to longer sure you only lose
your security clearance on this in this
segment sir that's right teasing yes but
go ahead and tell me about it you know
that there's there's a lot of
capabilities there and obviously there's
no question in my mind that the Russians
probably did tape that conversation
whether the Finns did it whether other
intelligence services did it whether the
CIA had any capability there whether NSA
did obviously we don't know the answer
to that but there's not much question in
my mind knowing the intelligence people
and how they think that somebody will
you know has some kind of capability to
know what went on in that room between
President Trump and President Putin and
obviously without speculating we don't
know but if it's a if it's something
that's not what we're being told that
obviously would be explosive let me ask
you to comment on something in a former
it would be successor of yours said John
Brennan said this at the Helsinki press
conference Donald Trump's press
conference performance in Helsinki rises
to and exceeds the threshold of quote
high crimes and misdemeanors it was
nothing short of treasonous not only
were trumps comments in basilic he is
wholly in the pocket of Putin Republican
Patriots where are you I know you and
John Brennan don't use the same colorful
language all the time so but do you
agree with his sentiment there you know
I I'm careful I guess there's a lawyer
to use that kind of word without knowing
whether or not you could prove that to
be the case and and I have some question
whether or not the president United
States betrayed this country and
deliberately tried to betray it I think
the bigger issue is you ain't gonna
happen on that stage you're saying the
President did you feel like the
president betrayed the country on that
stage on that sharing that stage with
Putin and saying what he said about the
Intel community you know I I think the
president made a comment he then came
back to this country and betrayed that
or tried to correct the comment that he
made I think it's just gonna it's
difficult to kind of nail down that kind
of charge against the president United
States I think on the other hand the the
real issue is whether or not the
president as president the United States
exercised his responsibility correctly
as president in dealing with with Russia
and in dealing with the issues that were
involved in that discussion I think that
is an area that can very well be
questioned and has been questioned not
only by Democratic senators but by
Republican senators I think that's what
we ought to focus on what is what is the
average intelligence officer who
commutes to work every day back and
forth from Langley to wherever they live
in suburban Virginia what does it do to
their morale well you don't like to hear
the president United States say that he
trusts
rusha more than he trusts our own
intelligence people when it comes to the
issue of Russian interference in our
election and when a president says that
and you're you're an agent or an officer
in the CIA and you're out there putting
your life on the line trying to gather
intelligence on what our enemies are up
to and you hear the president say that
there's no question it impacts on morale
at the same time I know these people
pretty well and they're going to
continue to put their lives on the line
they're going to continue to do their
job but does it impact on their morale
you're damn right it does I'm curious
where you stand on this issue you've
seen the Salt Lake Tribune paper
essentially called on John Huntsman to
resign because of what happened in
Russia some have called on Dan Coates to
resign on principle neither one of them
have done it John Huntsman gave a very I
thought thoughtful rebuttal was an
interesting rebuttal that he made I
think in interesting point counter
points where do you sit on this issue
you've served in administrations where
you've disagreed on policy when do you
think a public servant and you've served
in so many roles appointed and elected
that a public servant should use it's
threat of resignation as a statement
Chuck I think you have to look at at
this particular administration and this
particular president who is obviously
very erratic and unpredictable in the
way he handles himself and for me
frankly I find some degree of comfort in
having people like Coates Huntsman
Pompeyo
maddis there to try to provide at least
some some guidance some advice some
ability to try to protect this president
from making a terrible decision with
regards to this country so yeah I know
there's going to be disagreements and
every individual has to make up their
own mind as to whether or not that line
has been crossed in terms of their
conscience but I I think in this
situation I would be a hell of a lot
more calm
having those people in their positions
they're not in their positions Leon
Panetta a lot of formers but you're
always a walnut farmer to me and I know
that's always what you want to be known
as so Lam Panetta thank you sir
always good to hear you come out and
share your views thanks Chuck hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
