we now have a secret audio recording
that apparently shows Donald Trump
discussing payments to bury a story
about an alleged affair with a Playboy
Playmate and the timing here is
everything the payments were discussed
just before he won the election think
about that Trump's former lawyer and
longtime fixer Michael Cohen had his
lawyer released the audiotape publicly
late last night and we're going to play
it in a moment but first let's set
things up because we need to talk more
specifically about timing Michael Cohen
made the audiotape in September of 2016
that is two months before the
presidential election it was one month
after the national Enquirer's publisher
that's American media bought the rights
to the story a former Playboy Playmate
Karen McDougal who claims she had an
affair with Trump in 2006 and I should
remind you am I is run by David pecker a
dear dear friend for many decades of
Trump when I got with him actually you
know there was a there was a real
relationship there there was real there
were real feelings between the two of us
not just myself not just him there was a
real relationship there and I kind of
out of sight out of mind with everything
else and you know in Stephens side I did
have a lot of guilt but I still continue
now in the beginning of the tape that we
are talking about the conversation seems
geared toward campaign issues we hear we
appear to hear Trump talking on the
phone then the conversation turns to
Cohen mentioning that Cohen has to set
up a company the company was to be used
for a transfer to someone named David
who you just mentioned there you go it
appears to be a reference there's this
picture - David pecker I mentioned it
he's the head of ami they published the
National Inquirer they paid me - 150
grand for the rights to her story and
never published it but it is important
to note here that Donald Trump and David
pecker I said it these guys are long
long longtime friends
alright so now that you know who the
players are let's get to the tape NBC
News has authenticated the audio with
Cohen's attorney but we do not know if
there has been any altering or editing
of the original you should know that
parts of it are hard to hear which makes
the story much more complicated and
there is some profanity listen for
yourself
maybe because of this would be better if
you didn't go you know because of this
for that one you know to get rid of this
because it's so false with this and such
I think it's okay mr. Walker he we felt
him I don't think we have a chance here
tonight here for you we got served from
the New York Times I told you this will
require us to unseal the divorce papers
with Ivana fighting it caplets it is
going never never
don't ever be able they don't have a
pledge they don't have a legitimate
purpose of a woman that doesn't correct
some in any way yes and it's all forgot
to three weeks and all you have to do is
delay it even after that it's not gonna
have to be opened there's no there's no
purpose for talked about Charleston I
need to open up a company for the
transfer of all of that info regarding
our friend David you know so that I'm
gonna do that right away I've actually
come up at me and I just poked into
Allen weiselberger about how to set the
whole thing up with
funding yes and it's all the stuff all
the stuff because here you never know
where that company never know where he
gets it so I'm all over that and I spoke
to Alan about it when it comes time for
the financing which will be okay so it's
the last part of the tape that's in
question each side has a different
explanation Cohen's lawyer claims Trump
says he wants to pay with cash but Trump
lawyer Rudy Giuliani said Trump clearly
said not cash adding quote it shows the
president wanted it done in a way that
was memorialized they also talked about
doing it through a corporation which
would indicate they didn't want it done
by cash you're not going to do a cash
transaction through a corporation that's
Rudy Giuliani's words really matter here
because if Trump wanted to reimburse
American media with cash it could
indicate an intent to hide the payment
and that is the reason why we're even
talking about this Michael Cohen is
under investigation for a similar
payment made to adult film star stormy
Daniels just before the election if the
payments were made to help get Trump
elected that could be a violation of
campaign finance laws of course
President Trump is responding to all of
this tweeting what kind of a lawyer
would tape a client so sad is this a
first never heard of it before
why was the tape so abruptly terminated
cut while I was presumably saying
positive things I hear there are other
clients and many reporters that are
taped can this be so too bad
joining us now Paul Ginsburg a forensic
audio expert who has worked with the CIA
and the FBI Chuck Rosenberg former US
attorney and senior FBI official and
David Rothkopf a visiting scholar at the
Carnegie Endowment for international
peace Paul let's go to you first I know
you slowed the audio down slightly and
you stripped away sort of the background
room noise to make it easier for the
viewer to hear exactly what was said and
I want to listen to the last part of the
tape again when they're talking about
the payment because that's what matters
here I need
Allen is Allen wisely Berg who's the CFO
of the Trump Organization who has been
with the company for years he actually
worked with Donald Trump's father Fred
Trump so as far as someone who knows the
intricate details of the way this place
works
Allen certainly does and you wonder is
he now embroiled in this Paul what were
you hearing that portion of the tape
I heard mr. Cohen talking and then Trump
says something maybe one syllable and
then paid by cash and then Cohen says no
no no no no what do you think that
something unintelligible is and is does
the science allow for us to figure that
out
well I don't feel it was the word don't
I don't hear a T sound it was it was
more in line with the word more more
paid by cash and he was asking or trying
to verify how how this was to be paid
how I admissible is this kind of stuff
in court obviously both sides are we're
all listening to a tape but if you hear
it differently and Rudy Giuliani says
it's one thing and Lanny Davis who's
Michael Cohen's lawyer says it's another
and they vote both actually provided
transcripts of what they say it is how
do if if this were to be in a court or
in front of investigators as it is
how does one determine what's true well
this is really a jury question generally
a recording will be played in court and
each side will proffer its own
transcript of what they think was on the
tape and then the judge will caution the
jury that the transcript is just what
each of these parties believes was on
the tape with the tape is the actual
evidence and whatever you hear is really
what what rules walk us through this
because the conversation obviously
appears to be about the campaign if it
is if it is a campaign finance violation
then what what are the repercussions
because you think about the average
American out there why should they care
about this well these are the rules by
which we all play so that's why we ought
to care the rules are pretty clear
Stephanie if you're running for office
which by the way I don't recommend you
do what do you think I did you'd be
wonderful the institution I'm concerned
about I'm limited in the amount of money
I can give you and you have to file an
accurate and honest campaign report with
the FEC those are the rules and so if
I'm giving money on your behalf to
someone else or if you're filing false
campaign reports that's a violation of
federal criminal law by the way what mr.
Ginsburg says the spot on I've spent
hundreds of hours as a federal
prosecutor listening to jailhouse tapes
and other tapes and sometimes you can't
make out a word or two or a sentence or
two the transcript is not evidence the
evidence is the tape but the evidence
and this is really important is also the
testimony of the person who
authenticates the tape the witness a
michael cohen for instance well how
significant is it if a president or a
presidential candidate is involved in
something like this and I'm not trying
to be sassy but he's not the first
president to have an affair not one
person who voted for him thought he was
a moral or honorable person they knew he
was a sleazy business guy and in spite
of that voted for him so what are we
learning here that's going to change
change change anyone's view or cause
real problems for the president and his
fix her well I think the issue is
context right you know we heard some
things we heard the tape about grabbing
women by certain parts during the
election it didn't have an effect but
that was in the context of an election
and people didn't have everything we've
learned about Russia they didn't have
stormy Daniels they didn't have the
summer varus you know issue going on
they didn't have you know the echo
chamber digging into these things they
didn't have you guys sitting here doing
an audio analysis word by word of a tape
and there are 12 tapes that were claimed
as privileged and there are undoubtedly
many more tapes beyond those 12 that are
out there plus other testimony plus the
manna for trial and so we are sort of
just wading in to a new kind of a swamp
illegal swamp and we're up to our ankles
and the question is when we get to the
election where will we be and what will
the effect on the election I just ask
why would Michael Cohen and/or Rudy
Guiliani say yeah let's put this tape
out there is Michael it is the goal may
be to get David pecker to flip like I
don't understand why they would want
this out there either because no money I
believe was was ever actually paid to
ami so I have a theory but it's only a
theory I don't fully understand my own
theory it's possible that the Special
Master in the case the judge determining
whether or not this stuff is privileged
found that it was privileged but that
there is a crime fraud exception to it
and rather than let the judge make a
finding that a crime fraud exception
applied to obviate the privilege they
decided let's get ahead of that ruling
this exception means that the privilege
disappears if the lawyer is engaged in a
fraud with the client that's exactly
right so I'm your lawyer we're
discussing how we can trade on inside
information that's not a privileged
conversation
that's a crime and so that crime fraud
exception would obviate our otherwise
they're admitting guilt before me found
guilty they're not admitting guilt
they're admitting that this conversation
is not privileged that's what they would
say
at least they all look totally sleazy
they all are totally sleazy let's let's
say I'm sleazy I don't want to advertise
that and that's what they're doing no I
think what they're doing is something
different
Chuck's point is a legal point but I
think they're playing a political game I
don't think they think the president is
actually going to come to trial for this
I think he's going to a come to trial
before the American people in November
and I think at some point he might come
to trial before the Congress of the
United States and so they're both
positioning themselves to say Michael
cones not credible the president's not
credible the president is doing these
sleazy things they're there people are
taking sides trying to win a political
game and I think Lanny Davis comes from
a certain place politically you've heard
Michael avenatti who's got certain
opinions on this that are coming this
thinks Michael Cohen looks good here or
Rudy Giuliani thinks the president does
well I think Lanny Davis may think the
president looks bad here and let's
remember well but let's remember the
president lied about this relationship
with mcdougal the president lied about
knowing anything about it hope Hicks
lied about this you know this is you
know not the lie of the day yesterday
because we have four or five big lies
every day but it's you know it is part
of a pattern that shows that the
president is not to be trusted on
anything so the issue here because we're
all gonna get carried away about talking
about cash all day isn't the cash I
think whether the payment was made by
cash it may speak to a little bit of
intent may speak to I don't want to get
caught but the issue is the discussion
about there's money being paid and the
timing of having to do with the campaign
that's exactly right Ally we can abide
by the law using cash we could break the
law using a check and so determining
whether or not Trump said cash or Cohen
said cash is interesting but also a
little bit beside the point
right if they made a payment and the
payment was intended to influence an
election and it was an excess of the
amount allowed by law and we ended up
filing false campaign reports that's a
crime by cheque or cash
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that
and down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
