the new report says the Department of
Justice is instructing its attorneys to
drop the term undocumented immigrants
and instead use the controversial phrase
illegal aliens that's according to a DOJ
email obtained by CNN Wow this comes
just one day before the government's
deadline to reunite more than 2,500
migrant children taken from their
parents at the border and it says that
it will meet the deadline but only for
families that are eligible to be
reunited the Justice Department says
1637 parents are eligible for
reunification of those more than 1,000
have already been reunited and the
balance is expected to be completed by
tomorrow it's not sure why 100 percent
of parents separated from their children
at the border shouldn't be reunited with
their parents that leaves more than 900
parents deemed ineligible because in
some cases the government can't find
them or they have a criminal record or
they're suspected of a crime
DOJ lawyers say 463 of those parents may
have already been deported the process
is so confusing the ACLU says quote
things down here are a mess if we keep
about this Ally now those children are
in US custody without parent well what
society thinks this is okay this is
barbarous it's it's it's just a terrible
thing to do you're talking about
humanity I'm going to talk about policy
we now have to house feed clothe and
give medical attention to those children
look free and they're our responsibility
why would we do that
joining us now is Robert Kerry's a
former director of the Office of refugee
settlement in the Department of Health
and Human Services
Bob thanks very much for joining us I
just want to read this again the Justice
Department says 1637 parents are
eligible for reunification 914 parents
are deemed ineligible you say that this
administration is so inconsistent that
the term eligible isn't even clear no
it's absolutely unclear what ineligible
means is this because someone had a
minor traffic violation 20 years ago and
is that deeming them ineligible to be
reunited with their own child after the
US government because there's a criminal
justice system that wouldn't make
anybody
process I know we would you an American
child is not separated from his parent
because of his demeanor actually but
that's something I don't understand the
logic deport them deport them with their
children I'm not even arguing that what
is the argument to separate them
indefinitely and deport one parent you
know I think it's a punitive policy and
it has not been coherent you know it was
clear when this policy was implemented
if we call it a policy that it would
affect on the children and the parents
was not considered the effect on how
they would be reunified was not
considered the systems were not put in
place to ensure that when they were
forcibly taking a child from a parent
that they were matching those databases
and had systems in place to reunify them
what about the effect on us did the
foster care system need an additional
lot of children what did not need to be
separated from their parents what
contingent within the United States does
this work for well none that I if it's
seen as a punitive measure to deter
people to seek asylum then that may be a
purpose but that's been you know
countless studies have shown that
doesn't work it's not effective it's not
even a goal we should have no right we
this administration has first of all
said reportedly told the US attorneys to
use the term illegal aliens instead of
undocumented immigrants and the only
thing that can be behind something like
that is to paint a picture of these
people that makes them bad people but
seeking asylum is not a crime if you
have a credible fear of where you live
and those credible fears may not be
something we understand it might be gang
violence it might be sexual violence it
might be the collapse of the rule of law
which is occurring in some Central
American countries absolutely it's not
illegal anywhere no it's there
international Accords to which the u.s.
is a signatory you know it's due process
it doesn't mean that they don't have a
right they don't sign role in to a
hearing what's the reason why we should
now say illegal aliens what's what's the
rationale I don't know it's to paint I
believe it is to paint these people who
are seeking protection in the worst
possible light it's the same language
that's being applied to refugees you
know it's demonizing people who are
seeking the protection of the US
government which is something that we
have historically not done
it's not where we want to be either Bob
good to see you thank you Bob Kerrey is
a former director of the Office of
refugee settlement Wow
First Lady Melania Trump doesn't want to
talk about what TV channel is on Air
Force One I would love it to us about
why illegal aliens is the term preferred
why we criminalize refugees why we doing
ID us cover this is not who we are
I'm a double immigrant I'm an immigrant
to this country as well I've chosen this
country because it has a remarkable
great history of humanity it uplifts
people that is not where we are right
now this is an ugly moment I'm still an
American and I'm gonna stay an American
you're not calling for open borders no
no these people get hearings most of
them what actually most of them don't
get approved 70% of the Central American
refugee claimants don't get approved
we're not overrun by it by refugee
seekers this is just a crazy argument we
do have a jobs problem in this country
an enormous amount of jobs left unfilled
in large part right now because we're
not letting immigrants in to fill them
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
