and thanks to you at home for joining us
this hour on what has been a fast-moving
news day and what is turning out to be a
fast-moving news night in particular you
will have noticed as the day went on and
into this evening there has been a ton
of news and an increasing amount of news
on the case of Jamaal khashoggi the
Saudi born dissident journalists who has
disappeared it was sort of surreal to
see those images early today of the
American Secretary of State in Saudi
Arabia meeting with that country's
leadership while the Kingdom heads into
week three now of trying to come up with
an explanation for what happened to this
Washington Post journalist after he
walked into a Saudi consulate in Turkey
and then was never seen or heard from
again it's unsettling enough to see
these images right the US Secretary of
State yucking it up with the ruling
crown prince of Saudi Arabia while that
crown prince stands fairly credibly
accused of orchestrating the murder of a
us-based journalist a Virginia resident
an employee of one of America's great
national newspapers there's Mike Pompeo
ha ha great to see a mild friend then
shortly after we got those images out of
Saudi Arabia the President himself gave
an interview to The Associated Press
from the Oval Office in which he said
this apparent murder case in his words
is just another case of you're guilty
until proven innocent to understand some
of what the president is talking about
there I think it may be worth
remembering that since Jamal khashoggi
went missing President Trump has also
publicly asserted that the US government
has an active investigation into this
matter that in fact we have
investigators on the ground where
khashoggi disappeared looking into this
the president has said that publicly
that does not seem to be the case after
the president made that public assertion
that there's some u.s. investigation
underway where khashoggi disappeared the
FBI had to clarify to the press that
actually no we're not we're not looking
into this the FBI has not been invited
to investigate this matter in Turkey
they have not been on the ground
investigating this matter
despite the fact that the president
saying they were but now it's clear from
the president's behavior I think that
one of two things is going on here we
are facing now either the prospect that
the president can't criticize Saudi
Arabia and its leaders for some reason
he somehow beholden to them for a reason
he cannot or will not explain he feels
bound for some reason to literally get
let them get away with the murder of a
u.s. resident or there's the alternate
prospect here that there are no ulterior
motives driving the president's behavior
that there's nothing secret or
compromising that we need to know about
that's operating behind the scenes here
rather this is simply a manifestation of
the fact that the president doesn't
think that murdering a journalist for
The Washington Post is all that big a
thing
why would we care I mean I shouldn't say
that these two prospects are mutually
exclusive I guess they could both be
true he could both be compromised by the
Saudis in the sense that he's not free
to criticize them no matter what they do
even when they start killing us-based
journalists and alongside that he could
also not really feel like criticizing
this kind of a murder because of who was
murdered and he doesn't make this kind
of a murderer is that big a deal I mean
they could both exist right but it seems
to me those are the feasible
explanations thus far for the
president's behavior I have yet to hear
any even proposed alternate explanation
from the president's behavior from
anybody inside the White House or from
the President himself not least in this
new interview that he's just done with
the AP tonight
so we're watching that story we've
actually got some breaking news on that
story coming up in a moment with a New
York Times reporter who just broke a
really important piece of this before we
get to that interview I want to let you
know though in terms of what else is
coming up this hour we're going to know
three weeks from tonight whether or not
America is going to change up the
Congress after these first two years of
the Trump presidency today is the
deadline to register to vote in six more
states Louisiana Kansas Maryland New
Jersey Oregon and West Virginia today's
that voter registration deadline in all
those states we've got a couple of big
stories coming up tonight on the
election and specifically your ability
to
to vote in these elections Georgia
Secretary of State Brian Kemp got sued
two more times in the past 24 hours over
serious voter suppression concerns in
his state where he is running the
election as Georgia Secretary of State
and he is also running for governor as
the Republican Party's nominee for that
job we'll have news on that coming up we
also just got actually some great voting
news out of Georgia covering a lot of
bad voting news out of Georgia we got
great voting news out of Georgia tonight
it's it's not at all partisan it is not
a tilt for one side of the other it's
just really great news from that state
we're gonna have that good news story
coming up in just a moment but as I said
this has been a day and particularly an
evening of continuing breaking news a
lot of which relates to Jamal khashoggi
just tonight the New York Times has
published the results of basically some
forensic video and photographic analysis
digging into the identity of the 15 man
Saudi team that turkey says flew into
Turkey and traveled to the Saudi
consulate there at the time of the
disappearance of mr. khashoggi now
what's particularly important about what
the Times has done tonight with this
forensic work is that it this reporting
from the time tonight is going to
constrain I think and also sort of lay
bare Saudi Arabia's response thus far to
the disappearance of Jamal khashoggi but
also president Trump's response as well
I mean the bottom line here is that we
still have exactly no idea what happened
to Jamal khashoggi two weeks ago today
he walked into the Saudi consulate in
Istanbul and he just disappeared
never heard from again now Turkey has
been saying that he was lured into that
consulate and then killed by a 15 man
team a kill team that flew in from
Riyadh in Saudi Arabia Saudi government
we meanwhile is denying any involvement
for days now president Trump has been
telegraphing that he spoke with King
Salman and the crown prince of Saudi
Arabia MBS and they both reassured him
that they had nothing to do with the
disappearance of mr. khashoggi that they
too
are concerned about his whereabouts and
they are not only working with Turkey to
get to the bottom of this but they're
also conducting their own internal
investigation yesterday President Trump
himself decided that he would test
balloon one of the newest Saudi talking
points about what might have happened to
Jamal khashoggi so it so it might seem
like the rulers of that country should
be off the hook in his disappearance
president Trump told reporters yesterday
quote it sounded to me like maybe these
could have been rogue killers who knows
it's literally the phrase he is rogue
killers who knows a few hours later CNN
then the New York Times then NBC News
all reported that the Saudi government
in fact is discussing a plan in which
they might admit that Jamal khashoggi
was killed in their consulate but they
would say it was carried out by what did
Trump say rogue operatives yeah yeah he
was killed in our consulate but it
wasn't ordered by the government these
were rogue operatives who killed him on
their own recognizance during an
interrogation or a rendition attempt
that went horribly awry by claiming that
this thing was carried out by rogue
agents not controlled by the Saudi
government that would presumably be an
effort to absolve the Saudi leadership
particularly to absolve the crown prince
MBs of any responsibility it would allow
Mohammed bin Salman Crown Prince to say
that he didn't order the killing of
Jamal khashoggi some went rent someone
went rogue he can't be held accountable
for it well now tonight the New York
Times has dug in and they say they have
independently verified the identity of
at least nine members of this 15 member
team of Saudis they say they've
confirmed that they're members of the
Saudi security services the Saudi
military or other Saudi government
ministries the time say that they
compiled this information using a whole
bunch of different sources facial
recognition software publicly available
records social media profiles a database
of Saudi cellphone numbers Saudi news
reports leaked Saudi government
documents and in some cases the accounts
of witnesses in Saudi Arabia and
countries the
prince has visited so the times tonight
says they're able to place a number of
the suspects identified by turkey in the
disappearance of mr. khashoggi as a as
being in the same place as Mohammed bin
Salman being in the same place as the
Crown Prince MBs on several occasions
and this is the guy who's gonna haunt
your dreams a little bit tonight this
guy on the left side of the picture here
this one guy who is identified by Turkey
as a member of this 15 man team here he
is in a photo with MBS in Madrid in
Spain in April of this year here's the
same guy again with MBS this time in
Paris here he is again again with MBS
this time in Boston here he is again
again with MBS this time in Houston this
guy has been seen with the crown prince
MBs many times just this year by his
side as he gets off planes standing
guard me presumably if this guy this
same guy was present in the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul when Jamal
khashoggi disappeared inside that
consulate then that would provide a
direct link between the ruler of Saudi
Arabia the crown prince MBS and the
disappearance or the killing of mr.
Khashoggi
it would be a heck of a coincidence that
this guy who travels with him and is
always seen with him also happened to be
in that consulate and MBS had no idea
really
it would also shatter the suggestion
which President Trump and the Saudis are
now trying to float together that mr.
khashoggi might have died in some rogue
operation right that wasn't at all
related to the crown prince
apart from linking at least nine of the
15 Saudis to the Saudi royal court the
New York Times also points out the mere
presence of an autopsy expert as one of
the suspects who is also reportedly in
the consulate suggesting that the
killing might have been part of the
original plan not something that
happened accidentally
you don't bring along the autopsy expert
if you're planning to just ask the guy
hard questions
the times tonight details a slew of this
guy's titles including his most recent
where he was the head of the Saudi
scientific Council of forensics times
notes quote such a senior figure in the
Saudi medical establishment was unlikely
to join a rogue expedition organized by
an underling what the New York Times is
reporting here tonight is that if
President Trump is going to participate
with the Saudi royal family with the
rulers of Saudi Arabia in trying to
claim that whatever happened to this
us-based journalist is some active of
rogue actors totally unconnected to the
Saudi royal family and two in particular
the crown prince they're going to have a
very hard time making that case if they
intend to make it based on any evidence
because all of the publicly available
evidence compiled by The Times and
others suggest that at least some of the
people who inexplicably otherwise
inexplicably were in the consulate when
Khashoggi died seem to be directly
connected to the ruler of Saudi Arabia
joining us now live from Istanbul Turkey
where it is past the middle of the night
is David Kirkpatrick international
correspondent for the time who is one of
the authors of this piece tonight lead
author at this piece that's just posted
at the Times mr. Kirkpatrick thank you
for staying up so late to join us really
appreciate it good to talk to you so I
tried to summarize both the implications
and the basic findings of your piece
tonight first let me just ask you if I
got any of that wrong or if that
adequately is sort of summarizes where
you have landed with this reporting ya
know you've pretty much got it there so
four of these people appear to be
members of the crown prince's security
team and one of them is a very
high-ranking Saudi autopsy expert maybe
perhaps the the preeminent forensic
doctor in the kingdom in terms of the
autopsy expert I didn't realize this is
morbid but I guess that's the point can
you explain to our viewers and explain
to me what the implications are of
having an autopsy expert at at well on
this supposed team I guess I don't even
really think about outside of CSI and TV
and detective novels I don't really know
where
you might see an autopsy expert doctor
out in the wild why they would be
traveling with other people from the
security forces in the military what
this guy might have been doing there and
what this might say it's ghoulish for
sure it does look like this immediate
they put it another way
Turkish officials who have been our
source from much this information
concluded that this was a premeditated
assassination that the reason why you
bring along an autopsy doctor is because
there was an intent to cut up and
dismember the body in order to dispose
of the remains
what's more they brought with them the
doctor brought with him a bone saw so
they were certainly ready for the
possibility that they would be
dismembering a body that day one of the
things that has been sort of hard to get
our hands around here I think in terms
of understanding the evidence as it is
building in the public reporting around
this case especially in the absence of
any official investigation that we can
do any sort of accounting for it's been
hard to know whether or not Turkish
officials might have their own equities
might have their own reasons for trying
to paint the darkest and most ghoulish
possible picture about what happened
here I don't understand enough about the
relationship and rivalries between
Turkey and Saudi Arabia around something
like this to know whether or not Turkish
officials should be trusted when they
tell American reporters what they think
happened here it seems to me that this
is a big leap forward for you at the
Times tonight because you at the Times
have independently verified so much of
what Turkish officials have previously
suggested might have happened in terms
of this this kill team for lack of a
better term we're still relying on the
Turks for the names of the suspects the
people who got off the plane they're the
ones who have the passports but that
said they've begun leaking some of those
actual passport copies and you've asked
a very good question about the
relationship between the Turks and the
Saudis because on the one there is
certainly some rivalry between the two
governments on the other hand the Turks
have gone way out of their way to avoid
a fight with the Saudis or a
confrontation with a Saturday previously
so you might ask why are they is closing
this information you might also ask why
are they disclosing more of it why is it
coming so far mostly in the form of
leaks to to us or to the programmer in
media and why haven't they turned it
over to American intelligence agencies
there's um certainly among the Friends
of Jim Allen shogi that the Turks in a
sense are complicit in the cover-up if
they don't move expeditiously to make
all the evidence that they say they have
public in defense of that evidence a few
days ago it looked like Saudi Arabia was
saying and even the crown prince was
saying Jamal so he left the consulate
freely we know nothing about this
they've moved they have begun to come
around to acknowledging the central
claim of the Turks which is that Jamal
khashoggi
died in the consulate and that tells me
there's something to the evidence David
Kirkpatrick international correspondent
for the New York Times he's also the
author most recently of into the hands
of the soldiers freedom and chaos in
Egypt in the Middle East mr. Kirkpatrick
you get a special fake award from the
Rachel Maddow Show for staying up past
4:00 a.m. local time to be with us live
tonight thank you so much for your
reporting thank you very much all right
as I mentioned tons of new stuff to get
to tonight it's gonna be a busy show
stay with us hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
