the American people the media might be
very interested in this political
junkies love it but the American people
want to be socially free physically safe
financially secure but they care a lot
about a crime and if our president
committed one is there evidence of one
well Stephanie I would say this tape is
probably evidence of a crime - one and I
think it Mike well I
it means if Michael Cohen comes on board
he's going to provide the +1 information
that the prosecutors will need to
decipher what was being said here you
know I can tell you as a career
prosecutor we would never just introduce
the tape into evidence and say ladies
and gentlemen there you have it
conclusive proof that a crime is
committed it is but one piece of the
puzzle it's a pretty important piece
it's a powerful piece of the puzzle
because what we see if we take a step
back from debating who said cash who
said check what it all means and we it
we kind of figure out what is the larger
context well the larger context here is
that Michael Cohen is plainly a
political fixer because this is very
close in time to the election they're
talking about poll numbers and damaging
information in divorce agreements that
are perhaps not yet publicly available
and then they're talking about setting
up shell and sham corporations to make
hush money payments to Playboy models to
further conceal damaging evidence to a
presidential candidate so if we kind of
look at the context and not get so
immersed in the words themselves I think
it's a really troubling picture that
emerges particularly when as you
mentioned Stephanie Howe picks is
announcing on behalf of the president
that he has no knowledge of this and no
relationship with Karen McDougal I think
in the larger sense this is extremely
damaging okay a fixer who's created a
great being a great big mess I want to
stay on that point Bob Hope Hicks in
clearly said the president doesn't know
this woman knows nothing about it and
the president denied that here we are
fast forward well that's clearly a lie
clearly the president was aware of
Michael Cohen's activities they have
this discussion there doesn't seem to be
any sort of surprise
on behalf of then-candidate Trump but
it's interesting this morning mayor
Giuliani was texting me spoke to him
last night he continues to insist that
the president was just being informed
about MS mcdougal at during that
conversation okay but when you're
responding to him on text I had dinner
with Bob Costas a--last night I'm not
looking at my phone I'm enjoying the
appetizer entree and dessert and this
guy's working overtime I'm talking to
Lonny Davis and Rudy Giuliani
what are you saying back to him when
he's actually saying the president had
no knowledge you know and Giuliani knows
that is a flat-out lie he had an affair
with her so I asked mayor Giuliani could
he put the president in contact with
reporters we need some clarity about
what he knew at that time how could he
be speculating in many respects he says
he's spoken to the president but he's
not providing the kind of factual
clarity we need at this time all right
Ken Cohen's attorney Lonny Davis we
showed him there compared this case to
former vice presidential nominee John
Edwards indictment that was back in 2011
walk us through the significance there
I actually think as Glenn was alluding
to this is more important than the
debate about whether they paid cash or
they paid cheque and what Trump was
saying about that John Edwards was
charged with crimes because his wealthy
benefactors were making payments to
conceal an affair with his mistress
while he was running for president so he
was charged with illegal campaign
finance violations and conspiracy what
Lanny Davis is saying is that Michael
Cohen is prepared to testify that there
was a conspiracy to conceal these
payments these payments were made to
help Donald Trump's election if Michael
Cohen goes into court and says that no
that's that's that's a crime now the
question is whether robert muller or
some other prosecutor is going to take
that case against the sitting president
who can't be indicted okay I want to
bring in the one and only Michael
avenatti you know him stormy Daniels
attorney he joins us on the phone all
right Michael you took to Twitter and
you're talking about Cohen and his
attorney Lonny Davis saying quote mr.
Davis Lanny Davis mr. Davis is a good
lawyer but his client mr. Cohen is not
innocent nor is he a victim he is a
co-conspirator dishonest thug who
continues to refuse to come clean and do
the right thing
they are playing you and aiming for a
pardon where is the rest of the evidence
and tapes now Davis says Cohen is not
seeking a pardon and you don't
by that so Michael I gotta walk walk
through a few things I give you credit
cuz you said there's not one tape
there's tapes you were right but a week
ago didn't you go out to dinner with
Michael Cohen they had said you ran into
him in a restaurant and I have to tell
you we got 14,000 restaurants in New
York City so I personally don't buy that
you just ran into one another and I
think you said that you could actually
see yourself working with Cohen at some
point so let's get through the noise and
tell us what's really going on here well
Stephanie I have to get just by
happenstance run into Michael toe and
it's Khalid atella
61st and third I decided the last minute
to go to that restaurant I was with a
friend of mine and I walked into the
restaurant I was seated and my friend
said to me you're not gonna believe
who's here and I was like I'm sorry I'm
sorry continue so you ran into Michael
Cohen no I ran into Michael Cohen by
happenstance and you know stuck me but
that was not the first communication
that I'd had relating to us potentially
sitting down with Michael Cohen and
trying to resolve things as I as I said
I'm seeing and last night this has been
in the works for a number of weeks but
it was contingent on Michael Cohen
coming a hundred percent clean in
disclosing what he knew about the
president and the president culpability
as it relates to potential criminal
conduct and on Sunday we had we had
immediate actually set up on Monday
maybe two days ago 4:00 p.m. in New York
and I canceled that meeting on Sunday
because it became clear to me after
speaking with Lanny Davis at morning
that Michael was not prepared to be the
right thing and wanting to basically
have it both ways and what I should have
participate in something like that so my
issue is as follows our issue is as
follows there's a number of other tapes
there's a lot of additional damaging
information and Michael Cohen doesn't
want to provide that information to the
American public and doesn't want to come
clean he is playing and Lanie Davis is
playing the American public right now
and what I'm going to participate in
that and we're going to continue to
hammer away at which guy it's gonna be
very the right thing you think they're
putting forth a front where they're
saying I'm trying to do the right thing
I'm releasing this tape to show that I'm
a good guy and that's not actually the
truth what do you mean they're playing
us no that's exactly what they're that's
exactly what they're doing Stephanie
because again this is one of many tapes
this is not even the tip of the iceberg
and look if Lanny Davis is to be
believed his comments this morning that
Michael Cohen is not seeking a pardon my
hotel should issue a written statement
this morning stating that he will not
accept a pardon from Donald Trump
regardless of the circumstances why not
anyone who's facing prison time is not
going to sign a document that says I
will not accept a pardon there's no way
he's gonna would you do that I wouldn't
I definitely I absolutely would do that
if I went on national television I had
my attorney go on national television
and say that he was not seeking a pardon
I don't get it what if that's the truth
he should have no problem issuing that
statement and if he refuses to issue
that statement that should tell you
something
namely that he's trying to have it both
ways which is exactly what they're doing
right now there's nothing stopping
Michael Cohen and Lanny Davis from
releasing the balance of the tapes
there's over a dozen there's nothing
stopping them from coming clean and
doing the right thing that just is Glenn
what's the rationale behind Lanny Davis
Michael Cohen and even Giuliani being ok
with even releasing this tape how does
it serve any of them so here's why I
think mr. Giuliani opted to waive the
privilege on this and if reporting is
accurate some some dozen other tapes if
if they continued to try to keep these
tapes under wraps what would happen
there would probably be litigation in
court in New York about whether these
tapes would constitute crime fraud such
that ultimately if you had a judge
announced at the end of that litigation
that you know what yes what we're
hearing on these tapes constitute crime
fraud therefore they cannot be kept
under wraps the privilege will yield to
the crime fraud exception
what are we and that and that litigation
could
be accomplished fairly quickly literally
within a matter of weeks then you would
have a federal judge announcing to the
world that Donald Trump committed fraud
in these undercover recorded
conversations and that would be I think
politically and potentially even legally
damaging to the president so I think
this is another instance of mr. Giuliani
trying to get in front of bad
information getting it out there being
able to spin it and so we will all now
spend our time talking about who said
cash who said cheque and what does it
mean well I just don't think that's the
import of these tapes somebody here
Michael I turn to you why does that not
matter today you're watching Rudy
Giuliani split hairs between cash check
he didn't add money order but you can
throw that in there why is that
irrelevant
yeah that's to me yeah Stephanie's it
the reason why it's irrelevant because
it goes to the bigger issue it doesn't
really matter whether it was cash or
financing and by the way when Michael
Cohen speaks of financing I don't think
he's speaking of finance he as it
relates to you know they're gonna go out
and get a loan or something like that I
think what he's speaking to you is how
are they gonna make the payment but the
bigger issue in my mind is that this
does not appear to be the first time
that these two guys had sat down and
engaged in conversations about how
payments like this we're going to be
made but more importantly than that
Stephanie and this goes back to my first
point Michael Cohen could easily fill in
the gaps on what we're talking about he
could provide the context she could
provide a two paragraph or a three
paragraph written statement he doesn't
even have to go on television and talk
about the circumstances of what happened
here and this goes to my point they're
trying to have it both ways and that
doesn't work all right mr. Kosta here's
a name that stood out to me in here
in this tape you hear them reference
Alan weiselberger when he's talking
about setting up the company
this guy is an integral part of all
Trump finances not just Donald Trump he
worked for Fred Trump he has it he this
guy is deep in the weeds if this guy is
now caught in the crosshairs of all of
this this thing could crack wide open
much wider than if you paid cash or
checker of Hope Hicks lied it could have
consequences for the Trump Organization
not just some transaction between
Michael Cohen and candidate Trump this
was something that other people were
aware of and it's going to be come back
to Ken's point if the federal government
decides to make a case on election law
and misuse of election law and paying
people off without reporting it then
other players involved could be called
to testify or it could be in legal hot
water but what is the punishment for
something like this because in the tape
Michael Cohen talks about setting up a
company to transfer it to our friend
David he's talking about David Becker
who runs American media who owns a
National Enquirer who paid miss mcdougal
150 grand so let's say there's campaign
finance violations what is the actual
punishment because if we're sitting here
saying oh my goodness the president lied
about sleeping with a Playboy Playmate
guess what we knew that and a whole lot
worse before he was elected you know
it's a good point I've talked to a lot
of legal experts about this and not a
lot of them don't have very much
confidence that this is a strong I don't
think it's a good thing that he slept
with the Playmate when he was married to
Melania Trump but the American people
for whatever reasons seem to brush that
kind of behavior off John Edwards was
acquitted after all and many legal
experts think it would be unwise to
bring this campaign finance case against
Donald Trump but there may be other
issues here there may be bank fraud tax
fraud money laundering issues with the
way they structured the payments those
kinds of issues in the end could be more
dangerous and damaging than the campaign
finance issue all right Michael how does
all of this fit into your case with
stormy Daniels
well Stephanie the reason how it fits
into our case is that there's multiple
tapes like I said previously and in fact
we have sufficient reason to believe
that some of those tapes relate to my
client you may or may not recall that
months ago I demanded in writing to mr.
Ryan Michael Cohen's attorney at the
time and Michael Cohen that they
immediately provide us with tapes
relating to my clients especially or
including tapes between Keith Davidson
by clients former lawyer and Michael
Cohen discussing my client and the
payoffs they have refused to provide
that information they've continued to
refuse to provide it which is another
thing
full of why I don't think they're doing
the right thing right now we're going to
continue to press forward we want all of
the tapes release and we especially want
all of the tapes relating to my client
released immediately I'm just confused
at this point Michael what is your
current goal what is stormy Daniels goal
the the cases that you are involved in
what what are we waiting to see happen
got trade I get it the truth that
certainly serves the American people but
from your perspective and getting paid
for this
for representing stormy Daniels and for
her what do you want at this point well
again I mean we want the truth Stephanie
we've always wanted the truth we want
her freed from the NBA and its entirety
we want it to validate it we want
Michael Cohen health responsible for his
conduct relating to what happened to her
including the defamatory statements that
he's made about her we want the
president held responsible for the
defamatory statement our statements he's
made about her I mean that's ultimately
what we want but in the interim we need
and deserve and America needs and
deserves the truth about what happened
that is 100% true it doesn't matter what
your political affiliation is or your
your priorities American certainly
deserves the truth and we deserve it
from our elected officials
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
