I withdrew the United States from the
horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal and
Iran is not the same country anymore
that I can say and we'll see what
happens but we're ready to make a real
deal
not the deal that was done by the
previous administration which was a
disaster that was President Trump
speaking to a veterans group the VFW
yesterday in Kansas City he now seems
open to cutting a deal with Iran just
days after the all-caps Twitter threat
to that regime join us now from Capitol
Hill member of the Foreign Relations and
Judiciary Committee's Democratic Senator
Chris Coons of Delaware senator good
morning it's always good to see you I
the the argument seems to be at this
point this morning from the White House
that the president was sort of softening
the ground with that all-caps tweet to
set up a negotiation or a deal are you
convinced by that argument Willie I'm
not convinced this seems to be the same
playbook the president followed over
several months with Kim jong-un of North
Korea where he threatened and threatened
and threatened some sort of aggressive
all-out nuclear war on Twitter and was
increasingly abusive of Kim jong-un then
did a hundred and eighty degree turn had
a handshake photo-op summit in Singapore
a month ago which has so far produced no
significant outcomes my concern is that
he'll do the same that he has now very
briefly tweeted one all-caps threat at
president rouhani of the Iranian Islamic
Republic and will now declare himself
capable of concocting some better deal
the Iran nuclear agreement which took
years to put together and relied upon
our European allies and China and Russia
isn't something you can replace with
just a few tweets and a handshake
photo-op so on both a personal and a
professional level as the United States
Senator when you see a tweet like that
one from the president threatening Iran
in all caps come across the transom
what's your reaction to it I'm I shake
my head I'm concerned I frankly think
we're losing credibility international
the more times the more ways that our
president conducts something like
diplomacy on Twitter in a way that seems
unrelated to the actual reality on the
ground I think it undermines our
credibility his statement at the rally
in Kansas City that Iran is now a
totally different country is just
obviously untrue
senator noah rothman from commentary
magazine turning really briefly to
domestic politics he recently criticized
the left flank of their democratic party
saying the democrats are running a
relentless race to the left and that is
a losing proposition that they need to
abandon quote wild-eyed proposals
specifically what policy proposals do
you believe the activists left is
pursuing that constitute wild-eyed
proposals well the one that I was
talking about there if I remember that
interview correctly was folks who are my
friends and colleagues who think that we
should be reversing president Trump's
inhumane and unsuccessful immigration
policies and we should be reforming the
agency responsible for immigration
enforcement but they summarized that
position with hashtag abolish ice I
think that particular approach is too
easily
caricatured by President Trump as
misrepresenting Democrats as welcoming
open borders and abandoning any
immigration enforcement that's not the
case in my colleagues with whom I've
spoken they've adopted hashtag abolish
ice as a shorthand way of conveying a
more substantial position which is that
we we should have strong enforcement but
we ought to do it in a humane way the
opposite of recent immigration decisions
by President Trump and recent
enforcement actions by ice senator Coons
this Casey Hahn it's nice to see you I
want to turn back to not necessarily
foreign policy but foreign meddling the
president tweeting kind of rewriting
what's gone on with Vladimir Putin
saying that Russia is meddling in the
midterm election but that he's trying to
help Democrats there's been some
speculation as to where that information
may be coming from or if you just made
it up I'm wondering is there been any
conversations with you and your
colleagues perhaps those on the
Intelligence Committee or I know you
serve on foreign services I
what is there any truth to this any
evidence that you've seen Casey on the
Foreign Relations Committee we've heard
absolutely nothing that suggests Russia
is making an abrupt change in its
preferences as it prepares to attack our
elections again in 2018 what we've seen
across Western Europe a Central Europe
Eastern Europe is that Russia is a
persistent and aggressive adversary of
democracy it is true that in the United
States in the 2016 election Russia took
some actions to support both the far
right and far left in order to further
increase division in America but our
intelligence community unanimously
assessed that in the case of the
presidential election of 2016 they
ultimately made a decision to support
Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton and to
interfere with to attack our election to
achieve that result senator speaking of
our intelligence community yesterday you
and Senator flake not for the first time
attempted to pass a simple resolution in
the United States Senate basically
saying we believe our guys are doing a
great job and we believe our guys are
better than the Russians and the senator
from Georgia David Perdue used a
parliamentary maneuver to block the
resolution from coming to the floor of
the Senate so my question to you is
what's wrong with your resolution and if
nothing's wrong with your resolution
what's wrong with the United States
Senate there's nothing wrong with our
resolution it was dismissed last
Thursday as mere symbolism and I'll
remind you that sometimes symbolism like
our flag is an important rallying point
for Americans I think it is important I
believe senator flake thinks it's
important that the Senate speak with one
voice about backing our intelligence
community federal law enforcement but
our resolution also called for action it
called for full enforcement of the
sanctions that we imposed against Russia
excuse me that we empowered the
President to impose against Russia in a
98 to 2 vote last year but that hasn't
been yet fully imposed and it called for
hearings and for the release of notes
and records of the meeting
Helsinki so it was both important
symbolism in terms of supporting the
intelligence community and federal law
enforcement and our resolution called
for action what's wrong I think with the
Senate particularly with the Republican
caucus in the Senate is that there are
some senators unwilling to do even
symbolic measures that would be in any
way dis favorable to the White House
that strikes me as concerning you've got
senior administration officials who are
openly saying the opposite of what
President Trump said in Helsinki UN
ambassador nikki Haley just said I
believe yesterday we will never trust
Blatter Mir Putin if that's the case
then why is he being invited to the
White House senator gene Robinson you
and I have talked I know that one of
your particular interests on Foreign
Relations is the African continent the
only way that I can recall the president
has engaged with the African continent
and still refer to it as a bunch of
asshole countries
so do you find others in the
administration who are willing to engage
with you on Africa or do you not well to
be positive Secretary of Commerce Ross
recently led a trip to for African
countries to try and strengthen and
broaden our economic ties with countries
that have vibrant economies and where
there's significant opportunity and I
think that is an important step forward
at the meantime China is engaged in very
active very aggressive economic
diplomacy across the continent Zhi Jing
ping is in southern Africa right now and
just made a commitment of I think 14
billion in new investments in just one
country in South Africa one of Africa's
most dynamic countries with a very
promising economy my most recent meeting
with the Minister of Trade of South
Africa was a very somber one our sour
tariffs against their steel and aluminum
exports is going to have a really
negative impact on our relationship with
South Africa
since they're not really the country
we're trying to impact with president
Trump's tariffs that should be focused
on the us-china trade relationship this
is just another example you gene of the
sort of unintended harm that these wild
applied and widely swung tariffs are
having I think we hit four of the seven
continents this morning with Senator
Chris Coons we'll get to the other three
on your next appearance including
Antarctica so please be ready senator
thank you very much good to see you
Thank You Ellie still ahead this morning
former ambassador Michael McFaul will
join the conversation on the heels of
his White House meeting with trumps top
adviser on Russia just yesterday
Morning Joe we'll be right back thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
