de 551 of the Trump administration and
we have breaking news again this evening
we'll get right to it we have one of the
recordings made by Michael Cohen back in
2016 would then presidential candidate
Donald Trump in the recording which
first aired tonight on CNN Cohen and
Trump appear to be heard discussing
arrangements surrounding payment to
former Playboy model Karen McDougal the
payment was eventually made we know now
by Trump friend David pecker head of the
company that owns and publishes the
National Enquirer Cohen attorney lanny
davis supplied the tape you're about to
hear to CNN tonight you're going to hear
at first the president who appears to be
finishing up a phone call we do not were
know if there has been any editing or
altering of the original recording here
it is now in its entirety
maybe because of this would be better if
you didn't go you know baby because of
this for that one you know get rid of
this because it's so false when they're
sitting in such a book
yeah okay 100 mock burns he we
him just I don't think that box we got
served from the New York Times I told
you this will require us to unseal the
divorce papers with you fauna finding it
caplets is going never never
don't ever be able they don't have a
pledge they don't have a legitimate
purpose of a woman that doesn't one of
these correct some in England yes and
it's all forgot to three weeks now all
you have to do is delay influence even
after that's not gonna ever be opened
there's no there's no purpose for told
you about Charleston I need to open up a
company
or the transfer of all of that info
regarding our friend David you know so
that I'm gonna do that right away I've
actually come up on TV and I just broke
into Allen weiselberger about how to set
the whole thing up with funding yes and
it's all the stuff all the stuff because
here you never know where that company
you never know what he's gonna get
correct so I'm all over that
and I spoke to Alan about it when it
comes time for the financing which will
be because it's important we want to
hear again a key part of this
conversation remember the setting 2016
before the election Donald Trump and
Michael Cohen on a recording ultimately
seized by the FBI apparently about a
payment made to a former Playboy model I
need to open up a company for the
transfer of all of that info regarding
our friend David you know so that I
couldn't do that right away I've
actually come up to me and I just spoken
to Alan weiselberger about how to set
the whole thing up with funding yes and
it's all the stuffing all the stuff
because here you never know where that
company you never know what he gets it
correct so I'm I'm all over that and I
spoke to Alan about it when it comes
time for the financing which will be
Oh
CNN says tonight the Trump's attuning
attorney Rudy Giuliani was aware it had
the recording Trump waived his
attorney-client privilege that allowed
this tape to be released to prosecutors
Giuliani told CNN that the privilege was
waived because he and his team believe
it will help Trump the two sides
disagree about what is heard on the
recording Lanny Davis Cohen's lawyer
points to Trump's seemingly using the
word cash after Cohen mentions financing
Giuliani and a phone call to reporters
last week accused Cohen of raising the
idea of cash payments tonight Giuliani
was reached by telephone to talk with
Laura Ingraham of Fox News the president
does bring up cash but he says don't pay
with cash and then Cohen says no no no
and the president says check and then
Cohen says I got it
points president want the transaction to
be memorialized I don't think anyone can
suggest that this represents anything
where the president did anything wrong
with that let's bring in our leadoff
panel on a Tuesday night a lot to talk
about him with us to do so Robert Costa
national political reporter for The
Washington Post moderator of Washington
week on PBS Jackie Calmes White House
editor for the Los Angeles Times
Mimi Roca former assistant US attorney
for the Southern District of New York
now a distinguished fellow in criminal
justice at Pace University School of Law
and Emily Jane Fox here with us in New
York senior reporter for Vanity Fair
whose new book is about the Trump family
good evening and welcome to you all
Emily because you are most steeped on a
day-to-day basis with all things Cohen
and Trump I'm going to begin with you
why did this come out tonight what else
do you know about this and other
recordings what's interesting about the
timing tonight is on Friday night we
knew about what was on there according
according to Rudy Giuliani and my
sources in Cohen world were already
telling me at that point that this was
not the the true narrative
their mind and I think over the weekend
there were some stewing going on that
this was not what they believed was the
truth and the truth would ultimately
come out and I think that there was a
lot of growing frustration that people
were accepting this narrative that Rudy
Giuliani put out as truth the president
and his attorneys had waived privilege
on these recordings and so I think there
was a little bit of a throwing their
hands up a moment today where they were
like this is becoming the actual
narrative it's not the actual narrative
in our reading of our listening to the
recording and so they wanted to set the
record straight and I think that that is
that though defining reason why then
this tape came out at this
let's talk atmospherics for just 5
seconds I've heard this already kind of
erroneously referred to as a phone
conversation this by all accounts is an
in-person meeting you can hear room tone
the audio points to it as if it was
recorded by say device on Michael
Cohen's lap singing across from Donald
Trump at Trump Tower
that's exactly right this was a meeting
that took place in person in part of
their day-to-day normal interaction of
just you can hear him basically going
running through a checklist of all the
things that he had to tell the president
now what's interesting to me and this
was a point that actually Rudy Giuliani
brought up to me on Friday was that the
fact that they had these kinds of
conversations showed that they couldn't
that Michael Cohen was allowed to do
these kinds of transactions on his own
without running them by his boss and he
thought that that was exculpatory
because of the stormy Daniels stuff
where Michael Cohen had said in the past
that he acted on his own in those
payments but what I think is interesting
is this recording now shows that Michael
Cohen did have the time to run these by
his boss and that now President Trump
did know about the ins and outs of all
of these things that were going on so
even though he was in the midst of this
turbulent very busy presidential
campaign he was very well aware of what
Michael Cohen was doing when this brings
us to Robert Costa whose piece has just
we noted posted for The Washington Post
you are just off the phone with people
very close to the principles in this
case my phone's dead get you a
complimentary charge or weekend but
we're in the middle of a legal war here
I mean there's a lot going on just got
off the phone with lanny davis he said
as Emily was talking about they felt
prompted to
do this tonight to sit down and release
the tape because in Atlantis words he
doesn't want Michael Cohen to be a
punching bag and a few minutes later I
had a long conversation with Mayor
Giuliani and he started almost debating
me about whether the president knew
about the MacDougal deal based on this
whole recording
he said it's open to interpretation we
can have a fight about that he thinks
the president and his view of the whole
thing was just learning about this from
that conversation so you already see
both sides fighting and the most
important thing I was looking for
tonight from Giuliani was is a pardon in
the works for Michael Cohen as this
escalates as this whole thing becomes
even a bigger fight between the both
sides could have pardoned be on the
table Giuliani said he would not say yes
or no he just said it's extremely
inappropriate to talk about pardons at
this time he said there is certainly no
discussion at this moment and he said
any parting would be up to the president
and let's talk turkey here for one
second since we're all dealing from the
same hymnal the same recording you don't
hear the president expressed surprise or
ask questions about this venture that
someone is seemingly setting up an LLC
to take care of no surprise from then
Canada Trump and it's been deeply
reported by the posts and others that
there's been a long-standing
relationship with David Packer who runs
American media and which is part of that
whole media organization with Michael
Cohen with with Trump when he was a
tabloid figure they've had this very
close nexus for a long time also it's
been pointed out the president's
pseudonym on some of these matters in
court papers was David Dennison so
there's much speculation on the web
tonight as to which David they're
talking about exactly right I will not
make you answer that can we get a charge
for Bob Costas phone
Mimi Roca the only adult attorney here
in the room please save us first of all
do you hear any laws being broken as you
listen to that recording so from a
prosecutor's perspective what I see here
here on this recording is a good piece
of evidence in showing that some laws
were broken on its face by itself
probably not but no piece of evidence
stands alone we've talked before about
you know prosecutors take it's it's
building bricks on bricks you built to
build the wall
and this is one brick and by the way the
prosecutors potentially are not going to
be listening to this in a vacuum they're
going to have it with potentially
michael cohen interpreting it for him
and that's very important because he's
one of the participants in the
conversation and so we can all sit here
and try and guess about which david it
is and you know what they meant when
they said X but if Cohen cooperates this
shows people how valuable he can be
because he can interpret conversations
like this so as the laws that this could
show were broken we've all talked a lot
about campaign finance violations one of
the hardest things to show in a campaign
finance case is showing that the payment
was made to impact the election right I
think we've talked a lot about the
Edwards case and how that case they did
not get a conviction in large part
because they weren't able to show that
the payment to silence the women the
woman in that case was made to actually
impact the election here there's some
distinguishing factors this is made much
closer to the time of the election so we
now know we have a payment being made
whether it's by ami or directly from
Trump and Cohen doesn't really matter at
the end of the day but it's to silence
this woman from coming out very close to
the election and there's a little nugget
in this recording that's before the part
where they're talking about the actual
payment to Karen McDougal they're
talking about keeping the records sealed
in Ivana Trump divorce case divorce case
and Trump says a Cohen assured some it's
never coming out there they're never
gonna be unsealed and Trump says well
you just have to keep them sealed for
and it's not clearly weather he says a
couple of months or a couple of weeks no
but clearly what he's talking about
there is he's looking at a time frame
that they need to keep information under
wraps there he's talking about Ivana
Trump but guess what it's followed right
after by the conversation about this
payment to Karen McDougal so that right
there is a really could be a really
crucial piece of Intent evidence and a
campaign finance case showing that this
is what they're doing with that payment
to Karen McDougal and that's often the
hardest part of
to charge there also could be potential
fraud charges here they're talking about
setting up a company I'm guessing they
didn't tell the bank the truth when they
you know actually broke the check if
they were to tackle OCU exactly so
there's some potential father's even
some potential fraud on Karen McDougal
if she was scammed into thinking she was
being paid for one thing but was really
paid for another thing so I do think
that there's a whole host of crimes that
this could be evidence contribute to wow
that's a lot that's exactly why we
wanted you here tonight Jackie I was
just going through in my head the last
time and I don't think it's happened
before we have a senior member of the
masthead of an important West Coast
publication from the safe distance of
Washington reacting to news that broke
in New York that being our set of rules
what do you make early on now of the
potential blowback on the president come
morning well you've just to address the
potential legal aspects of this I think
as a political matter there's not a lot
that I see changing because people have
so baked in the cake of Donald Trump
that he's had these relationships with
women that he doesn't tell the truth as
he didn't tell the truth about Karen
McDougal and his knowledge of the
payment etc when I first heard this tape
initially I thought it was completely
ambiguous and that each side pro-trump
anti-trump just people in the middle
would hear in it what they wanted to and
I still believe that to some extent but
the more I listened to it the more it's
clear that this is not a good look for
Donald Trump he is talking clearly in
sort of conspiratorial tones almost code
with his lawyer fixer and it's clear
that he's not surprised by this talk of
Karen McDougal yet he told reporters on
Air Force One that he knew nothing about
it and so it's it's just it almost feels
like a talk between a godfather and you
know his consigliere it's just not it's
just icky but but whether you know but
that whether that changes anything
politically I just so have to doubt it
at this point
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching Emma
BC on YouTube if you want to keep up to
date with the videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
