folks stick with us
stick with us just stick with us don't
believe that crap you see from these
people the fake news just remember what
you're seeing and what you're reading is
not what's happening that was President
Trump again today with those comments
that reminded some folks of Orwell's
1984 sales of which have spiked since
inauguration day here's how former
longtime Republican political strategist
Steve Schmidt reacted to those words
earlier today on this network when
you're able to convince somebody what is
certainly true is not when you can
embrace the big lie with the same type
of effectiveness that fascist movements
used it that Hitler used it that muscle
Eenie used it that Soviets used it then
you are well on your way to doing grave
and lasting damage to the fundamental
institutional pillars of a democratic
republic like the United States with us
for this important discussion tonight
Doris Kearns Goodwin presidential
historian and author here with us in New
York she has written bestsellers about
oh four starters both Roosevelt's the
Kennedys LBJ and Lincoln her new book
very relevant to our era is leadership
in turbulent times it'll be available on
September 18th and I happen to know you
became a grandparent for the third time
this morning Congrats
and back to reality we snap what do you
make of folding tonight's lead story
into our times and I guess the way to
synopsize it what happens when one side
sees the president's word as no good
anymore I mean I think the greatest
danger as you were saying earlier to
democracy is the identity of ourselves
as a people depends upon a common
political truth and what we've got is an
erosion of trust in our institutions and
the president and the Congress in the
judicial system because you've got
different people saying different things
fake news alternative facts misspoken
statements half-truths and outright lies
there's a pattern here that I think is
very troubling it reminds me in a scary
way of the 18
in those days people just read their
partisan newspapers so they'd get
entirely different facts about something
that happened lincoln-douglas debates in
one paper the democratic paper they'd
say Lincoln was so terrible that he fell
on the floor in humiliation and they had
to carry him out in the Republican paper
they'd say he was so triumphant they
carried him out in their arms and that
led to the sectionalization it led to
alternative cultures it led to the
deepening disgust or stress that led to
the civil war we're in a very serious
situation when you don't have a common
direction a common purpose a common set
of facts
this president you've written about so
beautifully Abraham Lincoln of Illinois
was spoken about last night this is
former Speaker of the House Newt
Gingrich on Fox News and will talk about
this right afterwards
I think the person whose situation is
the most like president Trump's was
Abraham Lincoln Lincoln is fighting to
preserve the Constitution he's fighting
to preserve the Union and he's having to
do a lot of different things that are
very bold and in some cases very radical
and he's trying to do it in a way that
he is deeply bitterly opposed not just
by the slave-owning south but also by a
substantial number of democrats in the
north and i think that trumps in a very
similar place well as they say you wrote
the book what do you make of that well
even just in keeping with what we're
talking about tonight for Lincoln his
word was his bond the most important
thing to him was that he kept his word
even to the point where example once he
said he was going to issue the
Emancipation Proclamation there was huge
outcry in the north they thought the
army might disintegrate because many
were just for the Union and not for
anti-slavery and he said my word is out
it cannot come back on the night he died
he had already told people that he was
going to go to the Ford's Theater he
didn't want to go that night he was
having such a good time at the White
House talking to his friends it was a
happy moment the war was coming to an
end but he said my word is out I've told
the people I'll be there I have to go
that is the most important part of who
Abraham Lincoln was he had a near
suicidal depression when he didn't think
he'd kept his word to Mary and broken
his engagement when he hadn't kept his
word to his constituents and he
eldan an infrastructure project so to
compare that with what's happening today
when words mean nothing they're taken
back I mean look we even saw that
Hollywood access tape and we heard his
voice and then President Trump said that
wasn't my voice we heard on an audio
that he said something about the British
prime minister blasting her and then he
said no that was fake news we can't
subsist in a democracy unless we have
some sense of a common purpose
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
