just 105 days until the country votes in
the midterm elections have you noticed
how obsessed some conservatives have
become with Alexandria Ocasio Cortez she
of course is the Democratic Socialist
who won an upset victory last month
surprised everyone the Democratic
primary in New York's a 14th
congressional district and the day after
she won Trump TVs Sean Hannity put up
this amazing graphic lamenting her
gender with her absolutely shocking
support for women's rights fighting
climate change and supporting seniors
Acacio Cortez has recently been in the
Midwest campaigning for progressive
candidates alongside Bernie Sanders
which prompted another round of
conservative hand wringing the
conservative Fox Business Network
tweeted out a portion of one speech
without comment in what appeared to be a
warning about these words from the scary
socialists we will not rest until every
person in this country is paid a living
wage to lead a dignified life showing
stuff editor the conservative Daily
Caller went to one of the rallies
writing that she quote saw something
truly terrifying
I saw how easy it would be as a parent
to accept the idea that my children
deserve health care and education she
elaborated on Trump TV this morning
talked about things that everybody wants
especially like if you're a parent they
talked about education for your kids
health care for your kids these the
things that you want and you know if
you're not really paying attention to
how they're gonna pay for it or you know
the rest of that it's easy to fall into
that trap and say my kids deserve this
and you know well maybe the government
should be responsible for helping me
with that so what is it about this woman
that has right so worked up what does it
mean for the midterms and beyond joining
me now a New York Times columnist
Michelle Goldberg whose latest columns
had lied Democrats are moving left don't
panic
also with me MSNBC contributor Sam cedar
host of the majority report and Briana
gray senior politics editor the
intercept whose latest pieces headline
Bernie Sanders and Alexandria Ocasio
Cortes went to war with partisanship in
Kansas what do you think a year a long
time you're a longtime connoisseur
just for conservative media somewhere in
between that's fair look I think there's
a couple of things one is they have
spent years and years saying that Barack
Obama is a secret social right that that
this person's a secret socialist and it
was the secret part that sort of created
the suspicion when it's out in the open
it becomes a lot more difficult for them
to be like scrambles the wires it
scrambles the wires and so then there's
this other element of like it's so
irresistible like this honestly this was
a formula that used with forgive me with
gay sex right
there was a doctor paul cameron who
argued this he was one of the foremost
sort of anti-gay conservatives who wrote
in opined that gay sex was the best sex
it was that much more dangerous and in
some respects that is like this same
formula like this that was the so entice
that's right you could fall into this
trap of actually wanting your kids to
have health think they deserve to have
it right i mean you weren't you were in
that do you know my right thing you are
out there you i covered that rally
kansas and you know keeping in mind that
everyone said it wasn't going to work in
the midwest and this was a complete
waste of time and disaster
you know the venue had to be changed the
night before because it's sold out
within ten hours and something like
4,000 people showed up at this bigger
venue at one o'clock in the afternoon on
a Friday in triple degree heat yeah you
know that's not nothing
that's not nothing and I think that
doesn't mean that then it's gonna win by
the way of course many of us can be you
know reduced in that way but I think
what it shows is that there's a message
that is beyond partisanship and when she
talks about wanting to implement
programs that speak to human dignity
that speak to basic material needs
people hear that and people understand
that who might not otherwise associate
themselves with one party or the other
that's a good point it's some sort of
ghost of what the Daily Caller person
was saying right because she was saying
like none of the signals were there to
tell me that this is a bad thing that I
shouldn't like and I can see people
being you know seduced by it exactly I
mean I actually disagree that that goes
beyond partisanship right I mean I think
you have
whole political party that has created
it that genuinely does find this kind of
language threatening and quasi
totalitarian and believes that you know
first you're talking about children
deserving healthcare the next second
year being rien ated in FEMA camps but I
think that in as much as there are swing
voters and there are not very many swing
voters anymore you know in electorate
this polarized every election is a base
election but in as much as there are
swing voters they're not the kind of
people that beltway types like to
pretend they are these guys judicious
centrists carefully considered all
people I think who that who kind of are
most motivated by appeals to their sort
of basic material needs though let me
just also say one thing here which just
to be clear she also has a tremendous
amount of distinct political talent I'd
like just to be clear like if these
people are not created like out of thin
air like she is very good at doing this
that doesn't just like it's that the
little beyond the message I mean I don't
mean to repeat myself but I think the
policy prescriptions are almost
secondary there's nothing offensive in
what she's saying in terms of like
people wanting to their kids to have
health care but I think the idea that it
is being straightforward that it's
completely laid out there speaks to the
whole broader issue that you know
politico's don't necessarily contemplate
but it's just like basically like do I
think that person is authentic are they
telling me what they believe they are
and they seem to be pretty confident
about it and I think that goes a lot
further confidence than we imagined I
think there's something to the delivery
of course but you can't also ignore that
something like 70% of all congressional
candidates who are in between districts
Democrat to have won rants entering a
health care as you know the central
policy when I was in Kansas I got a ride
home from the airport with a 75 year old
Trump voter and her daughter and when I
asked her you know what she was doing
because she talked to me about how she
appreciated that her grandkids could be
on health care longer because of
Obamacare she appreciated that she was
on Medicare and when it was all about
Medicare expansion she was concerned
that both of her adult children were
living at home
couldn't get a working a living wage and
didn't have health care and when I
explained to her that I was going to a
Bernie rally and these are the things
that we cared about it didn't take but a
ten-minute car ride to get her on board
and I think that you can't undervalue
the fact that people aren't don't have
to be policy wonks to understand that
basic policies that enable them to live
a life in a wealthy and moral America as
Ocasio Cortez says matter and it's
they've been it done a disservice to not
have had them all these years this is
the Joe Lieberman column who you know is
sort of like perfect kind of Joe
Lieberman who said people should vote
Joe Crowley was still in the bell for
the Working Families Party because
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes hurts the party
Congress and even in America I think one
of the things that she does here which
gets this right which is like there's
always the like but how are you gonna
pay for it right or like oh yeah it
sounds great to like do all this stuff
but like let's be real and I think part
of the the part of the the path that has
been plowed by the Republicans is like
why are you even gonna talk about that
right right why play that game the
president just pulled 12 billion dollars
out of thin air like basically make some
cash payments in the farmers he's
screwing policy like well I even played
the game and I think that also she's bum
has you know kind of parried that
question really well which is we're
laying out a marker for the kind of
society that we want to create right are
not kind of coming to you with a white
paper about legislation that I'm going
to introduce next year the problem is is
that the the faux concern about the
deficit and and we can argue as to
whether or not there's money I mean they
came up with seventy billion dollars a
year for the military we didn't need
that right but the the notion of the
deficit is no longer one of those sort
of signifiers one of those cultural IDs
that like guns God was it used to be the
deficit then a cast aside very last
thing though I will say here right like
so you know there's this is someone
who's running who's gonna probably win I
think in her district that's Brock
squeeze very liberal district majority
people of color you know you've got like
Connor Lam you got people running in
very different ways
like I'm not I'm not quite sold on the
idea right like the the sort of the
thesis here right the the Bernie like
thesis is like this is universal stuff
and go out to Kansas and do it and I'm
not quite sold yet that that is true
well what if we look at the fact that
Bernie Sanders won every district in the
primary in West Virginia like that
doesn't mean that had been hoped that
her rant of politics is viable there
well no because a general election and a
primary election are very different
people are choosing based on pure
partisanship and upon a general election
and I think that being overly dismissive
of people on the ground who articulated
a choice for a more progressive vision
of the world who articulated a choice
for policies that spoke to their genuine
material concerns it's a fool's errand
whether it's loon or not I'm just saying
it is an it is an unanswered question
right about like the occult like I'm
gonna go run as a socialist and that's
gonna work pensions are somewhat
overplayed right I mean every district
sort of choose somebody who's
appropriate I don't necessarily I don't
I have no opinion about this primary
Kansas I do know that when I was in
Pennsylvania there would I've met people
who worked for both Connor Lam and also
for some of the socialist candidates who
won in the State House and they you know
kind of they didn't see them as being on
opposite sides of some kind of Great
Divide Michelle Goldberg Sam cedar and
Brianna gray thank you both for being
all you for being with me tonight hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
