the Senate Intelligence Committee making
time for us on a busy evening Donald
Trump talking about this in a way that
is obviously blatantly misleading what
do you think is actually significant
here tonight and same question to you on
your concerns about the safety of our
grid well Ari let's let me take him in
reverse order I've been saying for some
time you know America just passed a
budget largest defense budget ever seven
hundred and thirteen billion dollars
Russia has the defense budget of about
sixty seven billion dollars we're
spending tedx what they're spending and
I worry at times and this is not a
partisan to have it actually Trump or
any but that we are we may be buying the
world's best twentieth century military
in terms of tanks and guns and trucks
when 21st century conflict maybe more in
the realm of cyber and misinformation
and disinformation and we see Russia
actively using these tools
matter of fact we shouldn't be surprised
the equivalent of the chairman of the
Russian Joint Chiefs of Staff back in
2011 said that Russia couldn't compete
with the West with traditional armaments
but within cyber and misinformation and
disinformation they could compete and
frankly whether it is threatening the
grid
whether it is manipulating our elections
or manipulating social media and
candidly we're seeing some of these same
tactics come from China in terms of
theft of our intellectual property and
luring in some of our top tech companies
in ways that are frankly unfair and
biased towards China I do think we need
a 21st century security doctrine that
represents where a lot of these
conflicts may take place and I don't
think I think we're seeing the American
intelligence community and others move
in that direction but what makes it such
some more challenging right now is when
you've got a president as your previous
commentator indicated that just doesn't
acknowledge the threat doesn't
acknowledge the vulnerability and tends
to talk in hyperbole
in ways that frankly should concern all
of us I mean what I think many of us are
appealing to our Republican colleagues
don't just tweet about it don't just
privately acknowledge how off the rails
this president is with his his comments
and some of his policies but it's really
time for all of us I think history is
gonna judge all of us over these coming
weeks how we react you say that you
mentioned your colleagues John Kennedy a
Republican used stark language today
about some of the people targeted by
this big perhaps melodramatic threat
from the White House to take security
clearances and yet that issue does have
others asking whether we're facing a
kind of an enemies list take a listen
mr. clapper and mr. Brennan have been
acting like political hacks now that's
not at legal but it's unusual should you
revoke somebody's security clearance
because they've been acting like a
Butthead
I don't know you know I'm maybe the
right thing to do is just to ignore the
buttheads
well Ari I would um I would more take
Senator corkers comments I mean first of
all this White House laid out this
so-called enemies list of people that
they were threatening a couple of which
you've already had their security
clearances revoked when they were you
their fire the word and they were quit
in the case of Comey and McCabe but the
idea that long-term intelligence
professionals who serve both presidents
of both parties and in the case of
general Hayden was actually a Republican
appointee the fact that they are
expressing their First Amendment rights
and they're of being threatened that is
something that would be the actions that
would come out of a Venezuelan war would
definitely the kind of actions that a
president putin would take against any
kind of internal threat that does not
represent who we stand for is a country
and frankly the idea that you're going
to threaten somebody based upon them
exercising the First Amendment rights is
pretty astounding and this is where
again
and I think your previous commentator
was right you know the president rallies
his base with these these slogans and
broad-based ad hominem attacks but the
facts do remain that the majority and I
believe overwhelming majority of
Americans agree that the president got
snookered in Helsinki that he basically
was played played as a fool I believe it
was an embarrassment not only to our
country but to our allies and more
Americans need to step up and frankly
more my colleagues need to step up not
just with an occasional tweet Ã¤j-- but
some of the legislation we're talking
about in terms of restraining the
president's ability if the Russians when
the Russians intervene again for him not
to have an ability to kind of lay off
the Russians to have immediate
additional sanctions or other tools go
in place we need to send a message even
if the president won't stand up for
America that Congress as elected
representatives will and in terms of our
national security and while I have you
last question because we want to cover a
lot of different policy this Supreme
Court nominee picked by Donald Trump
with quite a shocker
the unanimous basically bipartisan
appointee decision in the Nixon case was
that the rule of law apply to the
president and the tapes had to come out
I mean most people remember that whether
he went to law school or not judge
Cavanaugh saying maybe that was wrongly
decided maybe Nixon was wrongly decided
and that was because of the tension at
the time does that view concern you and
do you think the White House may have
picked him in part because he seems to
be more solicitous towards the Nixon
view than then holding a president
accountable Oh Ari I mean I think it was
pretty remarkable at first at the White
House this president out sourced his
Supreme Court choices to the Federalist
Society so the ad already had a
pre-arranged group that was anti choice
that was anti the probe the protections
in the American the Obamacare in terms
of folks with pre-existing conditions
that had all the conservative positions
it is kind of curious the more we see
judge Cavanaugh's record about this
imperial view of the presidency matter
of fact if he's not willing to stand
with traditional American jurisprudence
about
holding President Nixon accountable then
lord knows where he stands on on this
president and unfortunately that may be
one of the reasons why he was selected
right and I'm and that's a big question
people are asking was that something
that put him somehow head and shoulders
above Senator Mark Warner thank you sure
go ahead
sure section being re that we need to
get all not only his opinions but we
ought to hold this judge to the same
standard that judge Kagan was held to
that we ought to be able to at least get
a look at his his writings and emails
when he was in the White House for
President Bush hey I'm already Melvin
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
