so President Trump is elected after
Barack Obama Barack Obama is elected
after george w bush george w bush is
elected barely sort of after Bill
Clinton Bill Clinton is elected after a
single term of George HW Bush we can't
do the timeline right in our heads it's
easiest to do it if you go backwards I
have it forwards there's lots of
different things that go into the
election of any one president but when
you get really reductive and simplistic
about it there is a sort of certain
logic that we can we can at least can
imagine for how one presidency follows
another for how the presidency of one
American president creates the
possibility for the election of the next
one when George HW Bush was elected
president in 1988 he had been Ronald
Reagan's vice president for two terms
George Bush was not seen as a sure bet
when he ran for the top of the ticket
himself in 88 it's hard to get elected
president after serving for eight years
as vice president people get used to
sort of seeing you in that subservient
or even sidelined role as vice president
it's a hard place from which to run from
the top job after eight years as Bill
Clinton's vice president in 2000 Al Gore
did not make it in 1960 after eight
years as Eisenhower's vice president
Richard Nixon did not make it running as
an incumbent vice president isn't an
easy way to make it to the White House
and so when George HW Bush got the
Republican nomination for president in
1988 having just served eight years as
vice president Democrats thought they
had a pretty good chance against him
four years earlier they had run Walter
Mondale against Ronald Reagan in 1984
Mondale of course got shellacked by
Reagan but in 1988 when they knew they
were going to be up against poppy Bush
when they thought they would have a
better chance early on in the 88
campaign Democrats pretty much decided
that they were gonna run a whole
different kind of Democrat to give
themselves hopefully a way better shot
than Mondale had ever had early early on
in the 1988 race Democrats started to
coalesce around a charismatic strong
candidate who was an excellent speaker
who had good defense credentials he was
a
handsome senator from a western state he
was the consensus early frontrunner in
1988 for the Democrats against poppy
Bush his name was Gary Hart couple years
out from that race in 1986 so really the
start of the campaigning season
Washington Post and ABC started polling
on the 1988 race quote early poll shows
its Hart and Bush 488 quote a public
opinion poll shows senator Gary Hart and
Vice President George Bush running
neck-and-neck at the head of a pack of
would be contenders Hart and Bush were
shown significantly ahead of potential
rivals for their 1988 party nominations
in a race between the two heart leads
Bush 47 to 46% here's the AP that year
Gary Hart generally perceived as the
early Democratic frontrunner for 1988
here's the UPI that year Hart quote the
current frontrunner for the nomination
here's the Miami Herald that year doing
a big profile on Gary Hart quote Gary
Hart the Democratic frontrunner for 1988
now you know how this story ends right
the Democrats didn't run Gary Hart
against George Bush in 1988 they ran
Michael Dukakis instead and Dukakis lost
and George HW Bush became president and
it's it's fun slash maddening to play
that mental game right to think what
might have happened had that one
election gone the other way right where
would we be in American politics now had
that one election changed that one time
if poppy bush hadn't won an 88 you know
it's hard to imagine that we would have
had Bill Clinton in 92 it's impossible
to imagine that we would have had george
w bush somewhere down the line without
george w bush do we elect Barack Obama
in 2008 and don't even talk to me about
how we got where we are today but but in
that 1988 race the reason the early
frontrunner in the Democratic Party
didn't end up becoming the Democratic
Party's nominee is because of this which
you know right this photo that has
become part of American history now
Democratic presidential frontrunner Gary
Hart what is that woman doing on your
lap right Gary Hart Democratic
frontrunner caught on film having what
certainly appeared to be a fair like a
behavior she's sitting on his knee and
of course they happen to be right next
to a boat that's called monkey business
are you kidding me too good to be true
Gary Hart denied having that affair the
woman he was supposedly having the
affair with denied there was an affair
but that was the heat of the
presidential primary season ahead of the
1988 election and and Gary Hart was out
well now tonight in October 2018 30 plus
years later tonight here is a historical
bombshell about that story reporter
james Fallows at the atlantic magazine
tonight has just reported that hey you
know what it was too good to be true it
was a political hit job it was all a
setup and it didn't happen at all the
way it looked like it happened in that
picture and in the press and in the
feeding frenzy that erupted around Gary
Hart that ended that campaign I'm just
gonna we're gonna speak to James phallus
in just a moment but let me just quote
to you what James fellows has just
reported in the Atlantic tonight quote
in the spring of 1990 after he had
helped the first George Bush reach the
presidency the political consultant Lee
Atwater learned that he was dying
Atwater who had just turned 39 and was
the head of the Republican National
Committee had suffered a seizure while
at a political fundraising breakfast and
had been diagnosed with an inoperable
brain tumor
in a year he was dead out water put some
of that year to use making amends in the
last year of his life out water told a
South Carolina's candidate he had
attacked particularly viciously that he
viewed the episode as one of the low
points of his career he also apologized
the Democratic presidential candidate
Michael Dukakis for what he called the
quote naked cruelty of the racist Willie
Horton ad that Atwater had run against
Dukakis in the 1988 presidential race
and in a private act of repentance that
has remained private for nearly three
decades out water also told Raymond
Strother that he was sorry for how he
had torpedoed Gary Hart's chances of
becoming president what he did
Raymond Strether was the media
consultant for the Gary Hart for
president campaign in the 1988 election
cycle so on the Hart campaign Strether
was basically the counterpart to what
Lee Atwater would did for George Bush
here's James Fallows again quote during
what lee atwater realized would be the
final weeks of his life he Atwater
phoned Strother to discuss one more
detail of the 1988 campaign out water
had the strength to talk for only five
minutes it wasn't a conversation
Strether said when I spoke with him
recently
there weren't any pleasantries it was
like he was working down a checklist and
he had something he had to tell me
before he died what he wanted to say
according to strether was that the
episode that had triggered Gary Hart's
withdrawal from the race which became
known as the monkey business affair it
had been a trap Strother says quote I
thought there was something fishy about
the whole thing from the very beginning
Lee told me that he had set up the whole
monkey business deal I did it he told me
I fixed Hart Strothers conversation
without water happened in 1991 he mainly
kept the news to himself as the years
went by he discreetly mentioned the
conversation to some journalists and
other colleagues but not to Gary Hart
quote I probably should have told him at
the time he said recently it was a
judgment call and I didn't see the point
in involving him in another country
controversy but late last year
Strother learned that the prostate
cancer he had been treated for a dozen
years ago had returned and spread and
that he might not have long to live
Strother began traveling to see people
he had known and worked with to say
goodbye one of his stops was Colorado
where he had a meal with Gary Hart so
just pause for a second we're talking
supposed deathbed confession by Lee
Atwater passed on more than 25 years
later by another guy who thought he was
dying and what they spell out according
to james Fallows tonight in the atlantic
is this Atwater's claim that the whole
monkey business weekend had occurred at
his direction contriving an invitation
for Gary Hart to come on a boat ride
when Hart intended to be working on a
speech insuring that young women would
be Veit an invited aboard arranging for
the boat heart
he would be boarding with some
unmemorable name to be unavailable so
the group would have to switch to
another boat with the very memorable
name of monkey business persuading Gary
Hart's host on the boat to forget to
check in with customs clearance at
Bimini before closing time so that the
boat unexpectedly had to stay overnight
there in Bimini and then of course the
next day organizing an opportunistic
photo grab which ends up on the front
page of The National Enquirer which ends
Gary Hart's presidential race this is
neut reporting from James fallow in the
Atlantic it involves dying and/or old
guys reportedly confessing well after
the fact that the whole operation that
took down Gary Hart as a presidential
contender was a political setup by the
George Bush campaign because they didn't
want to run against Gary Hart and
apparently it worked and nobody found
out about it for thirty years james
Fallows joins us next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
