breaking in just the last half an hour
the New York Times reporting that two
top trunk donors paid Rick Gates a
former deputy campaign chairman for
Donald Trump for inside access to the
administration even as Gates was drunk
scrutiny from Robert Miller their
financial arrangement not previously
reported before this afternoon was
emblematic of the way a small circle of
mr. Trump's associates at the beginning
of his presidency aggressively marketed
their administration access to well
playing well paying clients and sheds
light on the activities of mr. gates who
has emerged as a key figure in the
investigation of the special counsel
Robert S Mulliken of the reporters with
a byline on that story Ken Vogel joins
us now from The New York Times so Ken
it's a fascinating read it goes deep
into some of the big geopolitical cross
currents between the UAE and Qatar and
it goes into one of the the sort of
layers that that the Special Counsel has
peeled off and that's the practice of
selling access to this White House in
this president can you pull that thread
through for us yeah absolutely Nicola
and one of the things that you just
alluded to that this these payments came
even as Rick Gates was emerging as a key
figure in mullahs investigation and the
investigation of congressional
committees looking into connections
between Trump and Russia is notable
because in past administrations as you
know whenever there was someone who was
kind of a hanger-on or even an insider
who was surrounded by sort of a whiff of
scandal the White House and the
administration the people around the
president went to great lengths to keep
that person away from the inner circle
and here you have Rick gates not only
continued to have access but selling his
access to other people who presumably
would have their own access here which
raises a second question here about why
Elliott Brody and Tom Burke would be
paying rec aides when they have their
own access certainly some of the Trump
insiders who we talked to thought that
maybe they were trying to buck up rick
gates to give him some sense that he
would have financial stability that
could be used to pay for mounting legal
bills if he were to be indicted which he
ultimately was so that he might not feel
the same inclination to flip which of
course he ultimately
did so a lot of things going on here in
this story but certainly a puzzling
relationship between Rick gates and
these two major donors to drama I've
stacked the table with lawyers to
explain some of this to me but but let
me pull out a couple of things that
strike me is really odd you talked about
a whiff of scandal Paul Manafort was
covered in a stench of dirty business he
did a book of dirty business that any
Republican living or working in
Washington DC has known about for
decades so why was there any doubt that
gates I mean it would seem preordained
that gates would get ensnared in pretty
grave legal trouble by the time manna
for it was under that kind of scrutiny
yeah that's right and and there were
people who did who around the president
who did try to keep Rick gates away but
one of the things that Rick gates had
going for him that allowed him to
continue to have at least some access to
the administration was the blessing or
the perceived blessing of Tom barek one
of Donald Trump's actual friends and a
major donor who was the chair of the
inaugural committee for which Rick gates
work Tom bark actually had Rick gates
open an office in DC for Barracks firm
so this was seen as something that was
not so easy to ignore by even folks
around Trump who thought better of
having Rick gates with this looming
cloud of scandal hanging over him around
the White House and around the
administration and Rick gates not a
household name the way some of these
other characters are but he's now
working for Bob Muller he's now on Team
America telling Bob Miller and his
investigators everything they want to
know about the Trump campaign any
concern about the amount of time rick
gates lasted after manna for it was was
off the scene he was in and out of this
White House long after Donald Trump was
inaugurated he was in and around some
key people in places who were also of
interest to Robert Miller is there
anything about those intersections
between gates and and folks in the White
House and the folks that you write about
today that creates more anxiety for
people now that he's a cooperating
witness in the Malheur probe yeah
absolutely and you raised a valid point
mana for was pushed out despite the fact
that what he was pushed out
/ which was his work in Ukraine for pro
Russian oligarchs and officials there
was something that Rick Gates was his
right-hand man on that work for more
than a decade before the presidential
campaign started so you would think that
if there was concern about what metaphor
was doing in the interest of
investigators in it that same concern
would extend to Rick Gates but as you
mentioned manifold was pushed out Rick
Gates remaining around not just on the
campaign through election day but worked
on the inaugural committee basically was
the right-hand man of Tom Barrett
running the inaugural committee and was
the chair or was that an official at the
pro-trump super PAC early in the
administration so he continued to hang
around even as the same concerns that
should have steer that did steer the
Trump folks away from Paul Manafort
applied to him as well popular would you
be surprised if the special counsel
didn't want to just chitchat with people
like mr. barrack and we I think I think
Elliot Brody is already known to be of
interest to Miller but it seems like the
value of someone like gates who was
Manta Ford's deputy who was around
during the campaign it was around during
the presidency is that one he's agreed
to cooperate he's agreed to I guess in
exchange for leniency in sentencing tell
them everything they want to know but to
his tentacles really crossed the
government and the business webs that
are very much of interest to this
investigation that's right so I expect
that Rick Gates will be the star witness
at Paul Manafort trial but again Paul
Manafort trial really doesn't have
anything to do with collusion and
obstruction of justice which are the
basis of the mauler probe so this may be
about mission creep but I think it's
also about collusion and obstruction of
justice I don't think that Bob mother
would be putting his star prosecutors in
this case spending all of these
resources if it were only about Paul
mantle for not registering as a lobbyist
for your prey right for the fire
violations that's not Miller's mission
yeah so I think he's trying to get to
nano for it again manna for it has not
so far indicated that he wants to make a
deal
Chuck I don't know about you but I had
lots of cases that went to the day
before trial and then defendant decides
he's going to plead so it's not too late
for that to happen what do you what do
you think about this idea of more and
more people sort of getting sucked into
the vortex this investigation well it's
almost inevitable this is a big
sprawling case right I mean in fact it's
all over the world in the center right
and so it's not unusual to find you know
that this pond has many ripples I also
agree with Paul I think he's exactly
right I've had the same experience
Nicole a lot of times folks get right up
to the precipice and end up pleading
guilty and there's a reason for that and
Paul knows it as well as anyone they
filed what we call dispositive motions
let me explain that they file a motion
to suppress evidence if they win that
the government's case could be in a lot
of trouble and the government may lose
its leverage if they lose that as mr.
Madoff Court has done they may have to
recalculate what they're going to do
next I've even seen people plead you
know you know in the middle of trial
yeah wouldn't be that unusual Paul
really tough issue for Bob Muller will
be if he uncovers criminality by Donald
Trump or the Trump organization that
doesn't have anything to do with
collusion or obstruction what he does
with that evidence and it's in his
mandate from rod Rosen Stein to
investigate all crimes uncovered in the
investigation of collusion and
obstruction it's a good time to be a
lawyer
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
