you begin today by apologizing on behalf
of you to me you've treated me these
last two weeks and that apology is not
accepted here to be your buddy I'm here
to swallow gum and I'm here to take Nate
the good old days it was just over a
year ago that John Spicer left his job
as White House press secretary in his
new memoir the briefing recounts his
time at the White House it's out today
just like his performance behind the
podium his book is getting mixed reviews
at best chief White House correspondent
for ABC News Jonathan Karl out was a
scathing review in The Wall Street
Journal quote mr. Spicer's book is much
like his tenure as press secretary short
littered with inaccuracies and offering
up one consistent theme mr. Trump can do
no wrong in case you need a refresher of
mr. Spicer's time at the podium here you
go this was the largest audience to ever
witness an inauguration period both in
person and around the globe it's true
that himself hold it I understand you
know I'm not confused I think that the
words that are being used to describe it
or derived from what the media is
calling this okay you don't get to just
yell out questions we're gonna raise our
hand like big boys and girls I think the
president's tweet speak for themselves
you've got Russia if the president puts
Russian salad dressing on his salad
tonight somehow that's a Russian
connection
so how'd I miss him he did bring us some
really stunning low points in sort of
modern presidential not just media
relations but he works for a president
who calls the press the enemy of the
people he you know again we talked about
the behaviors of dictators don't believe
your eyes believe me he stood there and
said this crowd is bigger than this
crowd I mean he and I guess the big
hallmark distinction between his tenure
and Sarah's is he looked uncomfortable
with the lies he looked uncomfortable
with the slander of the media and this
end and the you know disregard for a
free press serves all in right so he
wasn't part of this Trump machine right
he came from the RNC he had worked in
comms in the Republican Party for a long
time I've known him those reporters have
known him and in dealt with him for a
long time so he was put into this new
reality and you could definitely see him
struggle at times knowing how
uncomfortable it was to be standing in
front of the press and lying to their
faces and knowing that they knew that he
was lying to their faces and it made for
a difficult time and it was interesting
because he was fine as long as the
president was behind him and thought he
was doing a good job and thought he was
getting good ratings as soon as the
president soured on him that's when
things went wrong and that's probably
why he's being effusive in his praise in
his book because he thinks that that's
the one thing that he needs is the the
imprimatur of President Trump now why
isn't it I'm so interested by the way
these people get fired they humiliate
themselves when they work for the
president right they get fired by the
president and then they're still loyal
him I can't on the National Security
Council spokesman they're still writing
pieces defending the president that I
gather in this book spicer presents the
president is very cunning wonderful
leader we just don't understand him
honest I really don't know I guess it's
in their interest to have good terms to
be in good terms with the Trump White
House and the Trump world I mean they'll
be punished if they turn against them I
don't know speaks the truth you talked
them privately people who've been there
and left I've my question to all of them
is if I knew what you knew if I'd been
there would I be a little bit reassured
or they'd be even more worried they all
say
and then they write books that hey he's
great yeah they give interviews and
Reince Priebus and all of them are on TV
sir saying you know it's he's doing a
good job you just don't understand them
I can't understand the loyalty once
they've left I mean the country yeah I
think that some of them even the ones
that are still there are afraid of what
will happen when they leave I think the
ones that leave sort of romanticize the
Rockstar status that they had at the
rallies mistaking the rallies for the
country
yes but the rallies are Donald Trump's
you know thirty percent of the country
who have the time and take the time of
work to go to the rallies so I I'm with
you I don't know how they go out and
function in the rule but Jonathan Karl
who like you was a consumer of Sean's
briefings writes this mr. Spicer has not
been well served by the books fact
checkers and copy editors he refers to
the author of the infamous Trump dossier
as Michael Steele that's our friend
Michael Fielder
Bhushan she's a busy guy former chairman
of the RNC not the British X by
Christopher Steele he recounts the
reporter asking mr. Obama question at
the White House press conference in 1999
a decade before mr. Obama was elected
you know I the irony that a White House
spokesperson for this administration
can't fact check it's like getting back
in some way but this is the other thing
I think about him and this goes to what
you're saying about how these people
behave afterwards it seems like the idea
is you go to the administration you
shame yourself you go take a fellowship
at Harvard or Stanford or something else
like that you try to try to try to
launder yourself in there write a book
and go out and promote him but I also
think and I know this is sad to say I'm
almost nostalgic for Sean Spicer and
here's why because in that first couple
of months that was when we could still
laugh about some of this and in a weird
sort of way I mean you know when you
look at what was happening on SNL is
like gosh this guy is ridiculous we're
now at a point where this is so serious
and it's so dangerous and you're right
Sarah Huckabee Sanders takes us
completely seriously you know Michelle
wolf can't make jokes about her we've
recognized like oh my god these people
are really really dangerous and so in a
way you know his sort of shameful fall
it was it was more like via jet he was
breaking us in exactly the far more gray
and sinister period that followed him
but but the but they've made progress I
mean I guess we can't take away is he
wasn't good at the lying part of the job
there were other parts of the job he
wasn't good at but to his credit he was
bad at the lies they now have a team
that's very good it's a lie
yeah have no problem at all it's a lying
to your face and not blinking which is
really really extraordinary they'll
shine the former head of Fox News is now
the deputy chief of staff to the
president estates the guy who helped
cover up roger ailes pattern of behavior
and other patterns behavior at fox news
for over a decade is now the deputy
chief of staff to the president United
States and he's a clever guy and I knew
I was a fact I didn't know what he was
doing but I mean and he obviously he is
clever in that way I guess you think he
sucks at his job I mean I this is
arguably since he started the worst
period of the Trump presidency what is
he doing I hope you're right but them
well he has a deep you know contempt for
the American public he thinks they can
be bamboozled and lied to and I do very
much agree that the lying is more
shameless than it was yeah and that's
the biggest story isn't it that's Trump
and his team are more brazen more
shameless more unhinged from the normal
liberated from the normal guardrails
than they were a year ago and that is
was talking about you know when he was
giving the speech with Mandela he's like
there used to be a time where as a
politician if you got caught you said
all right you caught me he's like these
guys lie and then you just continue line
they catch you and then they blame the
cops I'm sorry hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
