welcome back the Trump administration
faces a Thursday deadline to reunite
thousands of migrant kids with their
families but there is a problem the
government may have already deported up
to 463 parents and the already
complicated reunification process is now
even more formidable for those families
the Justice Department says that many
deported parents willingly chose to
leave their kids behind to seek asylum
yet it's unclear they fully understood
what exactly they were agreeing to the
Trump administration says it has
reunited or appropriately discharged
close to half of the 2551 migrant kids
ages five and older who were forcibly
taken from their parents fifty-eight of
the 103 toddlers have also been reunited
so what is next for these families will
these migrant kids now stranded in the
u.s. ever see their parents again I'm
joined now by MSNBC correspondent Jacob
Soboroff who's been following this story
from the start so Jacob will ask that
too you are or is the government
confident that all of those kids who
have been separated are going to get
reunited especially the kids whose
parents are already gone are you gone so
no I mean the question almost answers
itself the government has this entire
category and let me back up we're two
days away from the reunification
deadline of 2551 kids that were forcibly
separated by no other reason than Donald
Trump and his administration decided to
do it to deter parents from crossing the
southern border that strategy failed the
president didn't like the images coming
out of South Texas the places like I
went into in McAllen where you saw the
kids in cages and they decided to
reverse this in so doing and not coming
up with a plan for reunification in the
first place they've already admitted
there are 917 parents out of the 2551
kids that are ineligible for any form of
reunification so far and we already know
that potentially up to 463 of those
parents already outside the country and
you can't be reunited in the u.s. just
categorically if you're already outside
the country so
are they gonna do I mean do they have a
process in place to find the people
they've already deported have they left
them with a phone number to call that
has a I don't know a Spanish person
speaking speaking Spanish or their
language on the other side they have
they given them a net just some sort of
identification or number that they will
be able to use to find their kids you're
asking all the right questions that not
only we're asking but they CLU is asking
as the plaintiff in this lawsuit that's
basically forced the issue here if you
are deported and you've signed a waiver
that ACLU says some of these parents
were forced into signing or didn't know
that they were signing in order to leave
the country and leave your kids behind
here the only recourse to get your
children back to basically state loops I
made a mistake and this shouldn't have
been deported us to go to your consulate
and try to undo the process sort of the
frantic situation that's going on right
now at at the court in San Diego we
should have a hearing an update later
today is that the ACLU wants to make
sure that there's a seven-day buffer in
between the time anybody now going
forward is slated for deportation and
the time that they're asked to leave the
country so that if you still do have a
legitimate claim for asylum and an
attorney can get to you and protect you
sounds reasonable why does the DOJ not
want that to happen yeah it's a good
question also the government says we're
just too full we have too many people
here we need the bed space there are too
many migrants in these facilities but
the reality is we know that that's not
true and the judge in this case actually
said the other day at another recent
court status hearing that's not really
an excuse you guys the government were
the ones that decided to separate these
children you've created a nun
paraphrasing here but you've created the
crisis that's now on our hands there was
no natural disaster that forced an
overcrowding scenario figure it out get
the resources get the beds so that we
don't get into another layer of a
man-made crisis so the kids who can't
get reunited either because they're not
eligible for reunification because their
parents have committed crimes or
something right serious crimes or the
kids who can't get reunited because they
can't find their parents any longer what
happens to those children so those
children will go through essentially the
normal process that you would go through
if you were an unaccompanied
you came into the United States and went
into the custody of HHS number one you
might go with a family member that's
already in the interior of the United
States and if you don't have a family
member
you'll go with what's called a sponsor a
suitable sponsor that the government
decides it would be okay for you to go
live I want to go back to one thing are
you saying that that the government
wasn't clear or maybe was shading some
information from the parents but by
saying that if you leave you'll be able
to seek asylum but not telling them that
they're gonna leave their kids well that
was certainly the the choice that
certain attorneys are saying their
clients were ultimately presented with
they were basically handed over an old
piece of paper which is no longer in use
anymore that wasn't clear and these
these migrant parents were signing the
waiver and ultimately being deported and
separated from their children thinking
that that was the best scenario of for
themselves and their children at the
time the new form which we've just
gotten access to today is a lot
different a lot more clear and sort of
lays out post micelle as the name of the
case that you have many more rights as a
as a class member as a member of this
suit class-action suit to protect
yourself and to be able to stay close
together with your family the bottom
line is let me just say it is an
enormous mess it didn't have to be a
mess and it's a mess because of the way
that this was implemented and then
undone in such a clunky wonky way
because it shouldn't have been there in
the first place that that is the bottom
line
Jacob snow brought you're staying on
this you're watching a court hearing
tonight right you got it
six o'clock thanks Katie thank you very
much hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
