did you think you have justified the
five supplication for Carter page
listen I've said before that there are
things that should never find their way
in the public domain
visor applications are one of those I
think it's an awful precedent and if the
American people have learned anything
from its release is that there was great
justification to the courts as to why
Fiser application was approved Chairman
Richard Burr right there in director
indirectly calling out his wall his
counterpart on the house Intel committee
Devin Nunez joining me now is Minnesota
Democratic senator Amy Klobuchar senator
thank you very much for joining us well
thank you Katie it's great to be on what
do you make of senator burr I'm saying
that saying that the FISA warrant
application process for Carter page with
which many in the Republican Party have
been using as a as a an example of why
they believe this investigation is
politically motivated and why it's not
fair to the president what do you make
of senator burr on the Senate
Intelligence Committee who has access to
all this information coming out and
going very directly against what the
house Intel committee has been trying to
say well it really doesn't surprise me
because from the beginning the Senate
Intelligence Committee with Senator Burr
and Senator Warner have been trying as
much as possible to do things on a
bipartisan basis because the way we
figure it number of us over here this is
about the security of our democracy and
election security is national security
and allowing this investigation
including the work that director Muller
has done here to figure out what
happened including with Carter page
should be allowed to move forward and
that they should stop messing around in
partisan politics and I appreciate
senator burrs role here it's senator
burtoni voice on this and the republican
party was in the senate well not if you
look at senator mccain statement after
the meeting between vladimir putin and
the president in which he called it
disgraceful or you look at some of the
things that you've heard out of senator
graham or senator flake senator corker
others who have really believed that we
need to step back senator rubio knows us
in the election in 2016 the russians
were
messing around and staging cyberattacks
in the Republican primary that hurt him
so it isn't just about Trump versus
Clinton it is also happening on the
Republican side so I have appreciated
their support on moving forward on our
secure elections Act that I have with
Center Lankford we're gonna have a
markup in August in the Rules Committee
and we've also worked to get some money
out there and we'd like to get more to
the states you know the state of
Arkansas or the state of North Dakota
isn't going to be able to defend
themselves from a foreign power
attacking our elections there's also a
sustained effort though that continues
on behalf of some Republicans especially
in the house to to tear down this robert
muller investigation to tear down the
credibility to say that it's politically
motivated that's what the devin Nunez
was trying to do with this carter page
twice a warrant senator burr they're
obviously breaking from him but do you
think your counterparts in the Senate
your Republican counterparts are doing
enough to make sure that the
investigation is protected would you
like them this would you like to see
them do more well I would always like to
see them do more I think it's been a bit
slow but what I have appreciated is
those that have been willing to step out
and as you know on this special counsel
statue the bill that we are trying to
strengthen we got some Republican
support on that and we're able to pass
it out of the Judiciary Committee I'd
love to see that come up as a vote on
the floor because you have the president
as you pointed out so well all over the
place trying to talk about Iran in all
caps in a tweet when we're in the middle
of trying to figure out what happened
here with Russia and I love that one of
his tweets that you just put up on the
show where he literally now said that
the the Russians definitely don't want
Trump okay that is so far fetched from
what of all the security people have
found all the intelligence people and so
that is why having Republican voices and
getting them to speak out which hasn't
always been easy but when they do that
shows that we're standing up for a
democracy and it's not just a partisan
game and a bunch of tweets with the
president are you concerned that
message won't be getting through to
voters that they'll just see this all is
a big partisan fights and they'll really
tweet like that and maybe they'll be
fooled well that's what he wants to do
as he said today at the rally he wants
to create an alternative reality but
first of all I'm a kid of a reporter and
I believe that facts matter and that you
can earn be entitled to your own
opinions but not your own facts and I
think we need to keep getting that out
there to people every single day
secondly people have a lot of faith in
our intelligence community and our law
enforcement officers and what they are
telling the American people that this
happened regardless of where they are
politically I think that matters so our
job is to make clear that it's not just
Democrats that are talking about this
not just elected officials its front
line prosecutors it's FBI it is people
that are really looking at the numbers
from both previous administrations under
Democrat and Republican presidents I'm
talking about the Senate pushing back or
senators pushing back a Senator Lindsey
Graham and Bob Menendez have an
increased sanction bill that would ramp
up sanctions on Russia there's also it
would also require Senate approval to
withdraw from NATO and it bolsters cyber
defenses if this passes and that's an if
still if this passes do you think the
president would sign it I would hope so
and we're going to get a strong support
I've been working with Senator Graham on
parts of that bill and I think we're
going to get a strong support for it
just as we did as you know we got a 98
to 2 vote last time on Russian sanctions
and you have time and time again now
people coming out and saying that they
believe that this wasn't just meddling
this was a cyber attack and that is
where the two things we have to do is
one allow the Muller investigation to
continue so we go after the wrongdoers
and figure out exactly what happened and
then secondly and equally important with
the election about 100 days away this
week 100 days away this week that we
have security in place to protect their
state election equipment in every county
in this country
the president talking about tariffs
changing the subject wants to send
billions of dollars in aid to farmers
where is that money going to be coming
from well that is some money that exists
in a USDA the Department of Agriculture
account for hope for farmers when this
kind of thing happens but you know I am
coming from an Ag State I know how much
they're suffering I hear from my soybean
farmers were big in soybean corn you
name it and these tariffs are very very
difficult for our farmers and all over
my state so while I appreciate that
they're trying to help they're basically
trying to fix the problem that they cost
I'm going to be meeting with some
Canadians tonight you know they walked
away our our administration did from
negotiating with Mexico and Canada on an
agreement that I think most of our
farmers want and most of our state want
to see fair trade not just trade fair
trade they want to see trade they don't
just want to get a bunch of aid they
want to have a consistent agreement that
creates consistency into the future not
just for a year not just a few years not
a one-shot deal that's how they do
business and so yes is it good that
they're helping them out sure but is it
the right solution policy wise in the
long term no we need to have fair trade
agreements and we need to have
consistent policy and message coming out
of the White House we are in an
incredibly difficult global trade
environment and we have to be strong and
work with our allies and not be
criticizing them all the time do you
think that this sort of bailout is is
akin to corporate welfare I think you
have a situation where decisions by the
White House not just with China but with
all of our allies and I think there was
general agreement that we needed to push
China
I have heard hard-working people and
that's why we have a lot of programs in
place to address that when that happens
but again I don't think this is the
ideal solution by any means I would like
them to be working with the rest of the
world to be realizing that America is
stronger when we have trading partners
and allies it is very difficult for us
to compete with China when we then when
the president goes out there and
this is some of our major allies that
have none not just trading partners but
stood with us like the Canadians in the
fight in Afghanistan they were there
after 9/11 it was the Canadians that
came into New York did a major event to
raise money for the victims
that's the Canadians they have been our
friends for a long time they're the
embassy that had the signs that said
friends partners allies so that is my
problem with this approach and I think
you're now starting to see the other
foot fall with the help that they're
going to have to give out because of
their approach senator Amy Klobuchar
senator thank you very much thank you
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right here for you on YouTube subscribe
now
