the Department of Veterans Affairs is
about to get a permanent secretary the
fourth one in five years the Senate
voted overwhelmingly eighty six to nine
yesterday to confirm Robert Wilkie is
the next VA secretary he replaces David
Shulkin who was fired in March and has a
huge job ahead of him taking over a
department that has been plagued with
problems for years let's take a look at
some of the biggest issues that he is
facing the Department of Veteran Affairs
provides health and other benefits to
nearly 20 million military veterans
across the country it's the nation's
second largest bureaucracy after the
Defense Department there's a budget
battle already underway the VA proposed
budget for the fiscal year 2019 stands
at 199 billion dollars but there's a 1.6
billion dollar funding gap the
administration and lawmakers are arguing
how to fill this part of the budget
shortfall comes from the VA mission act
of 2018 it was a massive restructuring
of the VA medical care programs at a
cost of about 50 billion dollars this
law signed last month consolidates the
VA community care programs and expands
veteran access to private doctors Wilkie
is already on the defensive over the law
some Democrats say it opens the door to
privatization of the VA Wilkie has
promised to oppose those efforts another
problem for Wilkie to tackle is the
workforce the VA employs more than three
hundred and seventy-seven thousand
people with an additional four thousand
people working outside the country
former secretary Shulkin said last year
there are about 45,000 job vacancies
mostly mostly within health services so
this is a massive massive organization
joining us now is melissa brian chief
policy officer for the group Iraq and
Afghanistan Veterans of America good
morning Melissa good morning
you have interacted with Wilkie several
times do you think he's up to the task
it's a big job I think that he's highly
intelligent I think that he is very
thoughtful in his connection to the
military and wanting to ensure that
veterans are taken care of once they get
home but he certainly has his hands full
as you outlined at the start of the
segment all right so I outlined a lot of
things they've got these vacancies got a
lot of workers they've got a budget
shortfall but if you're an American
veteran
what's your biggest problem with the VA
right now your biggest problem with the
VA right now is access to care the VA
mission Act that's supposed to help
resolve that it's supposed to sunset the
controversial choice program as you
outlined earlier and that's something
that our veterans tell us at Iraq and
Afghanistan Veterans of America is their
biggest challenge is getting VA care
getting into the system and that's one
of the biggest challenges that he needs
to reduce along with the suicide rates
within our community he also needs to
really heavily focused on suicide
prevention and mental health for our
community seeing all the challenges they
face the problems they currently have
why is privatization such a bad move
we're talking about the VA health system
privatization of the VA would be
disastrous in that it would send
millions of veterans out into the US
healthcare system it could cost upwards
of trillions of dollars and there are
certain injuries that are germane to our
population such as exposure to burn pits
and other toxic exposures while we were
deployed in prosthetics that are used
for amputees and so there's a lot of
things that are germane to the veteran
population that the VA has specialized
over years and we want to see them
continue in that specialized care for
veterans you have worked your group has
worked with VA secretary since 2004 how
do you go into this relationship with
Wilkie and and by extension a good
relationship with the with the Trump
administration we have worked with
secretaries and we have worked across
the aisle in the hill ever since our
creation in 2004 we look forward to
working with secretary Wilkie going
forward and meeting with him routinely
as other veteran's service organizations
work with us and we stand
shoulder-to-shoulder with them in
working with him I've personally spoken
with him a few times again I think that
he is up to task we really hope that
he'll focus on IVAs big six priorities
which include suicide prevention as I
mentioned earlier and also VA reforms
such as the mission Act we look forward
to keeping a regular scheduled contact
with him well it's a very very big job
with many challenges we wish him luck
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
