I want to get to exactly how it breaks
down as of right now the president is
said to still be considering this move
and while none of the people he is
targeting are still in the government
current officials are certainly taking
notes right now these are the men and
women on the list former CIA director
John Brennan former Director of National
Intelligence James clapper former CIA
director Michael Hayden former national
security adviser Susan Rice former FBI
director Jim Comey and former deputy FBI
director Andrew Kane the president is
exploring the mechanisms to remove
security clearance because they've
politicized and in some cases monetize
their public service and security
clearances making baseless accusations
of improper contact with Russia or being
influenced by Russia against the
president is extremely inappropriate and
the fact that people with security
clearances are making these baseless
charges provides inappropriate
legitimacy to accusations with zero
evidence baseless accusations against
Russia I'm going to remind you that
current DNI director Dan Coates said
it's like a blinking red light ahead of
what happened in 9/11 the warnings that
a cyber attack could be in the future
again and I want to take a minute and
think about what Sarah Sanders just said
she called out those officials for using
their public service for political
purposes and for monetary gain no that
wasn't an SNL skit we already know the
president has attacked US intelligence
agencies literally hundreds of times
since launching his 2016 campaign
repeatedly describing the FBI and
Justice Department as corrupt that
includes attacks during political
rallies both as a candidate and as
president just last week the president
suggested he's the victim here do you
think any intelligence agencies US
intelligence agencies are out to get you
well certainly in the past it's been
terrible you look at Brennan you look at
clapper you look at Hayden you look at
Comey you look at McCabe you look at
what's happened take a look at all of
the shenanigans that have gone on very
hard to have confidence in that group as
for making money it is true that Comey
wrote a book and three of the others are
Network analysts although Brennan's
spokesperson says he has not made a
penny off his clearance but what about
the president
according to open secrets nearly 16
million bucks have been paid to trunk
properties since 2016 nearly all of it
coming from Trump's own campaign and the
RNC you can draw your own conclusions
about whether he's profiting from his
public service so what is Trump really
upset about I'm gonna guess this
president Trump made President Trump
look unstable erratic and thin-skinned I
don't think he's medically unfit to be
President I think he's morally unfit to
be President the policies that this
president has pursued globally have
served Vladimir Putin's interests in
dividing the West this is a betrayal of
the nation he is giving aid and comfort
to the enemy and it needs to stop before
we go on let's also remember the records
of these people the president is
targeting Brennan clapper Hayden and
Comey all served under Democratic and
Republican administrations Hayden he's a
four-star general who spent 40 years in
the Air Force
clapper served two tours of duty in
Southeast Asia
despite that Senator Rand Paul who
floated the idea to the president
suggested that this issue is an easy
political win I think there's a great
deal of resolve because I don't think we
should reveal secrets to people who are
calling the commander-in-chief
treasonous I think I don't think there's
many people in America who are gonna
disagree with that judgment that we
would continue to give secrets to a
person calling the president treasonous
so I do think that the American people
are going to agree with him on this and
I would probably just go even further
and say they're really X CIA agents once
retired should no longer have top-secret
clearance
but while Rand Paul calls this a
no-brainer Democrats like Ron Wyden say
it looks like the president is compiling
quote an enemies list as for folks being
targeted they're staying relatively
quiet call me and McCabe don't even have
security clearance that is what's so
important Sarah Sanders gets on the
podium all ready to roll
naming people who don't even have
clearance that is sloppy nonsense
those men lost it when they were fired
for others like James Comey it's simply
a reminder that the president excuse me
clapper is a reminder that the president
is exploring new ground when it comes to
punishing those who speak out against
him
teachers do it for political reasons
well that's I think that's a terrible
precedent so there's a very sad
commentary abuse of the system hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
