the White House is accusing some of
these officials of monetizing their
clearance well no no no I did not none
of us have a hotel down on Pennsylvania
Avenue with our name on it though well I
asked the White House about the idea
that the president is accusing these
officials of doing things that critics
have accused him of doing himself and
their response was no the president has
not made baseless accusations of a
president of for example treason that
seemed to be a reference to John Brennan
who as you saw at the top of the show
made some remarks on The Today Show on
MSNBC after that meeting with Vladimir
Putin that is raising some questions
about First Amendment rights so I'll ask
you is somebody with clearance who has
been very candid about his thoughts on
President Trump right do you feel more
muzzled now that this thread is out
there I don't feel personally more
muzzled but this is putting poison in
the water this sends a chill through the
National Security Committee a community
I mean imagine if you're a briefer going
in to talk to the president and you're
going to give him some bad news he's
just made a statement that says I don't
like people to tell me stuff that is
either offensive or that I don't agree
with and I could pull your clearances so
it's the kind of thing we have not seen
since the McCarthy era there's one
example in that time J robert
Oppenheimer who was a nuclear scientist
had his clearance pulled for disagreeing
with US policy on nuclear matters in the
McCarthy era and it's always cited as
something that was agreed to set the
time and that we should not do again
there's a process for doing this by the
way obviously the White House hasn't
thought this through at all it's another
impulsive move the process normally is
you're told why your clearance is being
withdrawn there's an opportunity for a
hearing there's an opportunity for an
appeal process and these clearances are
actually held by agencies so if this
were to play out you know someone like
Gina Haspel or dan coates would be asked
to pool clearly the position of pulling
a clearance appealed this well it's
probably going to go to a court and then
the federal judge would have to decide
whether the president had abused his
powers so they haven't thought this
through at all thank you for checking
out our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more video
from MSNBC with our newsletters head
over to msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up
