yeah let's bring in right now US senator
jeanne Shaheen she is of course from New
Hampshire and sits on the Armed Services
Committee also the Foreign Affairs
Committee you know senator Schoen we're
talking about the shortsightedness of
the president's trade wars his
unilateral trade Wars the last time I
was down in Greenville South Carolina
the mayor was walking me around the town
I grew up in the south and I've seen
Greenville grow from a backwater sleepy
backwater town to just this
extraordinary automotive and aerospace
hub and he said you know the funny thing
is you're walking down my old town in
Greenville South Carolina and on Friday
nights guess what you hear spoken on
Main Street
germ√°n because they've brought their
their families over here and they
brought so much money to our region
they've revolutionized it I just I don't
understand what Donald Trump doesn't get
and what Republicans in that state don't
get well I don't understand it either
and it's not just South Carolina and
states that have brought in big
businesses to do auto manufacturing in
New Hampshire on Friday I visited a
small need maker meet as a form of wine
made with honey who had just lost a
large deal with China that they'd been
working on for months and months they've
had to layoff employees they're also
getting hit by the increased cost of
aluminum because of their cans and he's
struggling because of this train policy
that makes no sense it's something
that's going to affect everybody not
just big businesses but small businesses
mike barnicle yeah I Joe and it's a
policy that seemingly is carried out
concocted and carried out by a handful
of people in the White House Peter
Navarro president United States a couple
of other people people like senator
Shaheen know very little about the
intricacies of the policy why it was
outlined and put into place but that's
not the only policy that we're worried
about here senator I mean you're
concerned about what happened in
Helsinki and you've called for the
American interpreter who was in the room
with President Trump and and and
Vladimir Putin to appear before the
Senate but I would ask you of course
there are a host of questions about what
happened in Helsinki but we don't yet
know do we what happened in Singapore
well we don't I'm looking forward to
Secretary of Pompeo coming before the
Foreign Relations Committee tomorrow to
have a chance to question him about
Singapore about what the follow-up steps
have been and what the North Koreans are
doing but also what happened in Helsinki
you know the point of trying to get the
interpreter to come before the Senate is
to find out what happened right now the
information we're getting about what
happened in that meeting is coming out
of the Russian Defense Ministry and
other Russian government officials I
don't think that works for Congress we
have an oversight responsibility and it
certainly doesn't work for the American
people senator can you please this is
Heidi pres Bella can you please confirm
for us whether or not Democrats and
Republicans on the committee have been
pushing for Pompeo to actually give a
classified briefing as opposed to the
briefing that you're getting tomorrow
which is unclassified because the
concerns on the hill are so significant
at this point that you haven't been
debriefed on all of these secret
meetings between the president and
foreign autocrats
and then secondly what do you reasonably
expect to get from Pompeo in the way of
answers on the most important issues
given that the briefing is not
classified well I'm not sure whether the
leadership of the committee is
supporting a classified briefing or not
I think classified is appropriate I
think the important thing is that we get
answers and I don't expect that we'll
get a lot of answers from secretary
Pompeo in an open hearing senator do you
think it's realistic that that
translator will appear before Congress
there's been a lot of pushback from my
Republican colleagues but some people
like senator corker have remained open
to the idea again the point is we need
information about what was agreed to
several weeks ago Lindsey Graham and I
were in Syria we saw the gains that we
have made working with the Syrian
democratic forces in northern Syria
along the Turkish border
the rumors are that those gains are at
risk by what President Trump may have
agreed to with Vladimir Putin in terms
of turning over Syria to the Russians so
I think there are very real questions
that affect our national security that
affect the commitments that we have made
around the world and we need to know
what happened it's not good enough to
have Russian government officials saying
what happened in that meeting and we
don't even know and it appears that
members of the administration don't know
yeah and astonishingly we may never know
exactly what happened in that room
senator jeanne Shaheen thank you so much
as always for your time we appreciate to
be with you still to come this morning
new reporting says Michael Cohen's
relationship with the president is
eroding thanks in large part to Jared
Kushner Don Jr and Rudy Giuliani Vanity
Fair's Emily Jane Fox joins us with that
reporting just ahead on Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
