join us now Democratic congressman Seth
Moulton of Massachusetts congressman
always good to have you with us thanks
for having me back got a lot to talk to
you about let's start with Iran the
president of course yesterday with that
all caps tweet telling Iran to be
cautious and threatening that country
and rouhani responding in kind as a reef
as well the foreign minister there
you've served four tours in Iraq you've
been on the battlefield
you've seen war up close what is your
great concern as you watch the rhetoric
ratchet it up and as you know that there
are people around the president in John
Bolton and Mike Pompeo who have been
hawks about that country well first of
all you don't conduct foreign policy by
having temper tantrums on Twitter you
know I mean when I was in Iraq with my
Marines imagine if they had looked to me
for a for a plan to to make sure we
could stand up to the terrorists and I
said well I don't really have a plan but
but I'm gonna start tweeting at them I
mean that's essentially what's going on
from our commander in chief a second of
all he doesn't seem to understand the
stakes here Iran has actively worked to
kill American troops in Iraq I saw that
myself firsthand we actually had to
fight Iranians on the ground and so we
need a commander who's strong and
insurer in the face of this enemy and
actually has a plan to hold them in
check you know we we had an imperfect
deal in the nuclear deal to make sure
Iran didn't didn't build a nuclear
weapon it wasn't a perfect deal I don't
think any of us ever thought that it was
but it prevented Iran from building a
nuclear weapon Trump came in and ripped
it up without any other alternative in
place congressman Moulton here's your
morning softball gonna throw it right
over right over the plate for you okay
so you've been traveling the country on
behalf of candidates you hope to get
engaged in politics many of them
veterans you've been in many states
you've been mentioned as a potential
candidate yourself so tell us this
morning you as a Democrat what's your
story where do you want to take us as a
Democrat your Democratic Party where are
we going well the reality is that a lot
of Americans are hurting today
a lot of Americans are feeling unsafe a
lot of Americans feel like they can't
even pay the next health care bill that
comes across there that comes to them
and so what we need are leaders who have
the courage to be honest about the
problems that we face in America and are
actually going to develop an economic
plan for the future so that every
American has a job that matters in the
new economy not going back into the coal
mines like Trump says but in the new
economy we need leaders who understand
how to make us strong and safe in our
national security not leaders who who
tweet at our enemies but people who
actually have strong plans to keep us
safe and smart plans to make sure that
we're meeting the threats of the future
not just relying on a military of the
past and we need Democrats who are
willing to reform government if we're
the party that believes that the
government can help and let's show how
we're gonna make sure government works
for everybody in America and the kind of
leaders that I'm seeing across this
country who are stepping up many of them
serving the country again people who put
their lives on the line for the country
once and are now ready to serve again
people like MJ Hegar down in Texas a
hero in the in the Iraq war who says I
want to serve this country again people
like Mikey Cheryl a Navy helicopter
pilot up in up in New Jersey who have
said I don't care about how it's hard
this challenge on is she took on the
chairman of House Appropriations and
she's gonna win that race so there are
extraordinary leaders who are stepping
up who have the courage to be honest
about the problems that we face and are
going to lead not just because they're
Democrats but because they're leaders
who believe in this country so Richard
I'm a Homer firm okay but I'm giving too
many - on the answer you're a Red Sox
fan I don't want to hear your reason on
baseball congressman in terms of Iran
the other thing besides the president
tweets was was the Secretary of State
speech essentially calling for
supporting the dissidents supporting the
protesters and essentially supporting an
alternative Iranian leadership what do
you think about that what do you think
about a u.s. policy that essentially
tries to bring about a very different
Iran well I think that's actually a very
smart policy and that's actually what we
had
President Obama when he pushed this
nuclear deal which was opposed by the
Iranian hardliners and supported by the
dissidents that Trump says he's
supporting the problem is that there's a
complete disconnect between his rhetoric
and what he's actually doing when Trump
ratchets up the tensions against Iran
with their leaders he is empowering the
hardliners he's empowering the people in
Iran who say the only way out of this is
to have war with America and what he
should be doing is empowering the
distance empowering the people who say
hey it's okay if we give up our nuclear
weapons because we want to be partners
with the West so this is a tough this is
a tough international negotiation and I
understand that we have a we have a
commander-in-chief who dodged the draft
five times to get out of serving himself
but it brings to the forum how important
it is to have a commander-in-chief who
actually understands what's going on in
the world who understands the stakes who
understands what it means to be a
soldier or a marine on the ground in
Iraq and have Iranians try to target you
and kill your buddies hi congressman
it's Heidi Prez Bella the Iran deal hey
you keep mentioning the Iran deal and
that really echoes what I'm hearing from
a lot of lawmakers that they're really
concerned about the uneven treatment as
they see it between Iran and North Korea
we had a deal with Iran which like you
said we had benchmarks there was every
indication they were meeting those
benchmarks we tore it up now we have
something with North Korea that is is
not really even a deal we don't even
know what they agreed to why do you
think there is this uneven treatment
what is at the root of it I think at the
root of it is a president who has no
idea what he's doing
it does actually that when you hear
what's going on in Iran it does make you
think of North Korea I mean he had a
temper tantrum against the North Korean
leader and the next thing we know he's
sitting down and in making some sort of
deal which isn't a deal I mean all Trump
did in North Korea is he gave up
military exercises with one of our most
important allies the single American al
ally in the entire world
that's under the greatest daily threat
of annihilation that's South Korea and
he gave up military exercises with them
for what some promise from a despotic
leader that he would get with rid of his
nuclear weapons and we have no way to
verify this I mean in comparison to the
Iran deal which I admit wasn't perfect
this nuclear deal in North Korea is
absolutely pathetic and at the same time
he's distracting attention from Putin
and and his disaster in Helsinki and so
we've gone from a foreign policy in the
United States where Democrats and
Republicans can come together to one led
by an erratic commander in chief we've
we've gone from from Kennedy in the
Cuban Missile Crisis who stared down the
Russian bear until it backed off to to
Reagan in the 1980s who stared down the
Russian bear until it fell apart to
Trump who is cozying up to the Russian
bear and inviting him for a playdate in
Washington what the hell is going on
here I mean it's crazy
congressman we've as we talked about
immigration
we've rightly been focused on the
separation of families we continue to be
focused on that but there's an element
of the immigration story that you're
looking at that hasn't gotten as much
attention I know you went down to the
border recently El Paso and then crossed
over into Juarez Mexico and that's the
deportation of military veterans
veterans of Vietnam veterans of Gulf War
One of Iraq of Afghanistan who are these
people and why were they deported well
first of all we went down to the border
to try to truly understand this crisis I
took some of these amazing veterans who
are running for Congress across the
country and we went down and rather than
do a six-hour trip with a press
conference we spent two days on both
sides of the border meeting with
everybody on all sides of the
immigration crisis that meant that means
we met with ice officials and customs
and border officials we also met with
women who have been separated from their
children and in Juarez we spent a lot of
time with deported veterans deported
veterans is a term that shouldn't even
exist these are Americans who serves
their country admirably most of them
lived in
their entire lives and then they just
didn't get their paperwork in order when
they were on active duty and as a result
of some sort of infraction they've
gotten deported so I'll give you an
example and we've met a Navy sailor
someone who had proudly worked in the
bowels of destroyers he was so proud of
the ships he served on he served in the
Navy for ten years he came to America as
a child his children his parents were
all legal American residents and then he
got out of the Navy and he got a DUI he
got a DUI now DUI is a serious offense
it's an offense though that many of my
colleagues in Congress have committed
and after serving his time for a DUI for
having his punishment he got deported
so now he's in Mexico a country that
he's not he's never known his entire
family is in the United States and his
record of service to the United States
Navy is impeccable that's just a tragedy
and one of the things that we learned
about this border well on this border
trip is that everybody who touches the
immigration system whether you're a nice
official a nice officer our customs and
border patrolmen or you're a deported
veteran or a woman who's been separated
from her kids everyone thinks the system
is totally broken as it is we in
Washington need to have the courage to
face that and actually fix it and that's
why we went to understand it on the
ground so that we can come to Washington
and develop some real solutions to this
crisis we still have these numbers
Congress enough families separated those
veterans deported it feels like the
story goes on and on despite all the
focus and the outrage in this country
why hasn't it changed more quickly and
do you see progress in to getting these
families back together you know it
hasn't changed more quickly because we
have the same leaders in Washington
taking the same old approach to to a new
world of problems and what we need is a
new generation of leaders not just to
replace the Republicans in Congress who
can't get anything done but also to step
up in our own party and the Democratic
Party and say let's be honest about this
problem it's a hard problem we
got to have secure borders that's the
reality we've also got to make sure that
people coming here for legitimate
reasons who are fleeing violence not
coming here to try to take our jobs but
fleeing for their lives have a chance at
the American dream something that we
have always promised the world and so we
need new leaders here we need people who
have the courage to face these problems
who will have a vision for the future
and can actually bring people together
to solve them you know when I was on the
campaign trail in 2014 in my own first
tough race I had to talk to thousands of
people but one of the most memorable was
the United States Navy veteran from
World War two he fought in the Pacific
and I went up to him and I introduced
myself to him at a diner and I said you
know I'm running because because I want
to serve the country again and he said
one thing to me he said Seth promised me
that if you go to Washington you'll go
as an American not as a Democrat or as a
Republican but as an American we need to
get back to that we need to have leaders
in Washington who do the right thing for
the country who put people before
politics and are actually willing to get
things done Congress Ben Seth Moulton
and captain in the Marine Corps thank
you very much congressman we appreciate
it thank you coming up Sarah sander says
the White House has shared details about
the president's meeting with Vladimir
Putin but senator jeanne Shaheen has not
convinced she wants the president's
translator to testify before Congress
the New Hampshire Democrats our
conversation next on Morning Joe thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
