hey Willie let's let's take a sharp turn
to domestic politics for a second I was
just seeing a poll out last night from
NBC News that certainly casts we'll just
reflects on the debate that's coming up
on Cavanaugh when he goes before the for
the United States Senate roe v-- wade
this NBC poll had support for Rovi
waited 71% a majority of Republicans now
even say they don't believe that roe v
wade should be overturned should Roe be
overturned no 71% yes 23% Willie I know
that that's been the dream of
conservatives for years to get five
judges on the court that will overturn
roe v wade but that's a 45 year
precedent that's a 71% approval number
and that's going to be a heavy heavy
lift for any judge going onto the court
and a heavy heavy lift for anybody that
wants to go under the court with those
sort of numbers yeah look at these
numbers you mentioned inside the numbers
Republicans among Republicans 52 percent
support the supreme court ruling in Roe
versus Wade 76 percent among
independents and 88 percent as you might
expect under Democrats so Heidi as you
sort of look at the whip count here as
you travel around Capitol Hill and see
who will vote for Cavanaugh who won't
there obviously
Republicans feel like they have the
votes but there are those couple wiggle
votes Susan Collins and a couple of
others is this in peril at all for
president Trump is there any chance that
Cavanaugh is not seated here we've been
looking to Susan Collins and Lisa
Murkowski and I think we've known the
answer to that at least a week or two
ago we would have expected them to come
out in stronger opposition to whoever
the candidate is going to be to signal
that this may be in peril now the one
vote that has actually looks in question
is Rand Paul based on privacy concerns
but I don't think that that's going to
in the end pose any any danger I think
he is trying to draw
attention to what has been a
long-standing issue I do think that Roe
will be a huge issue during the
confirmation hearings I don't expect
Cavanaugh to answer the question but we
can go ahead and look at his previous
writings about a kind of executive power
we can look at his previous writings
about referring to abortion in a recent
case that he ruled on as quote-unquote
abortion on demand which is the language
used by a lot of the anti-abortion crowd
but I think at the end of the day Willie
a lot of Democrats know that the real
risk to Roe is not necessarily a direct
overturning of Roe but it is the
upholding of the flurry of restrictions
that are being passed at the state level
which would essentially if allowed to
stay in place render Roe irrelevant in a
lot of states so you could just see big
disparities in terms of state level
access to abortion yeah and you know
when we look at the senators who may or
may not support Kavanagh Jim and I let's
just not even put Rand Paul on this list
he does this every time I'm gonna vote
against this I'm gonna vote against that
and he always ends up lining up behind
the president he always ends up
supporting Donald Trump blindly he's
gonna vote for Kavanagh it's a joke for
him to even any reporter that thinks
he's not that really seriously should
look into another profession he's going
to vote for Cavanaugh the question
though is Jim you've got two Republicans
and two Democrats who were still trying
to figure this thing out of course we've
talked about Lisa Murkowski and Susan
Collins but you also have Heidi Heitkamp
and you have Joe Manchin then you almost
get a sense that those four are gonna
vote as a bloc one way or the other
they're all going to all either vote
against Kavanagh or all either vote for
Kavanagh and provide each other a little
bit of cover yeah and I think if you
listen to what they've had to say and
you look at their past it's much more
likely that they all vote for them than
they vote against him it's much more
like
he picked up Democratic votes and it is
that he loses Republican votes and again
when once you get into the hearings on
this and he's getting grilled he's
obviously knows the abortion questions
coming he obviously knows how to handle
that in a public setting and so I don't
think there'll be enough out there to
convince Republicans even moderate
Republicans to turn against him and you
have these Democrats sitting in these
states and not just a - you mentioned
you've got ten basically ten seats
occupied by Democrats and if you look at
Trump's numbers in those states they're
basically what they were on election day
he remains relatively popular in those
states he remains probably a political
asset to Republicans in those states so
that's a lot of pressure to put on those
members and they have to have a real
justification for going against if
someone if people think he's a qualified
candidate for the court yeah and Mike
Barnicle though you take well not only
joe Manchin in West Virginia but Heidi
Heitkamp you can also talk about Susan
Collins in Maine and you now have the
question of whether Obama care is if
reviewed again would be deemed as
constitutional because now they've
stripped away that tax that John Roberts
will what John Roberts called the tax
and so the issue of pre-existing
conditions suddenly comes up and for a
guy like Joe Manchin be awfully hard for
Joe Manchin to vote for a judge that
would rule roe v wade to be
unconstitutional not roe v-- wade that
would rule Obamacare to be
unconstitutional there are a lot of
issues that affect a lot of voters that
this fifth vote is going to determine a
lot more than just abortion yeah I mean
this story has a couple of different
tracks to it Joe is Heidi just
accurately pointed out what's going on
in various state legislatures around the
country is going to do more to diminish
access and make it more difficult to get
access to women's health than anything
that happens in the next few months
with the hearings the other aspect the
other track that is really interesting
is look
to be realistic about it to just follow
the barometer that that is going on in
Washington right now
judge Kavanagh is going to be confirmed
he is going to sit on the Supreme Court
which raises the larger question what
are the Democrats going to do in pursuit
of winning the house winning the house
in 2018 and winning the presidency in
2020 where are they going what direction
is the Democratic Party headed in
hey Jim VandeHei before we send you off
on your way today what are you looking
at as we look over the horizon a taxi us
today in terms of bad news for Trump by
putting aside all the tweed stuff today
the house is looking worse and worse for
Republicans you've got now the two
leading handicappers of these races
people who studied the district's
putting way more Republican seats in
play and so you now have all the
ingredients that it would take to have a
wave that would put Democrats in control
because you have 60 plus seats that are
in play almost all of those are
Republican you have Democrats out
raising Republicans in many of these
seats which should never happen when
you're the when Republicans are the
party in power and you have Democrats
showing in race after race that they
have record turnout which is a great
indicator of sustained momentum and so
in terms of things that Democrats could
be hopeful about the house is looking
better and better the Senate still
difficult as can be for Democrats all
right Jim VandeHei with Axios thanks so
much as always Jim we'll see you soon
still ahead on Morning Joe back to the
administration's accusations against
public servants former officials do make
money off their considerable experience
the key word in that sentence is former
we'll compare how that legitimate
practice contrasts with some of the
money-making ventures from current White
House officials from Ivanka Trump's
clothing line - Jared Kushner's family
business you're watching Morning Joe
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
