in August 2016 specifically on August
19th 2016 the chairman of the Donald
Trump for president campaign resigned
now looking back on that moment now it
is important and strange for all a bunch
of different reasons I mean at the time
it was remarkable that the campaign
chairman of a major party nominee for
president was resigning from the
campaign under a cloud of allegations
that he had received millions of dollars
in off-the-books payments from a
pro-russian political party operating in
the former Soviet Union right in the
history of American presidential
politics that was kind of a moment in
itself in terms of the immediate
electoral politics of it all that August
19th departure of Paul Manafort was also
remarkable because you know after that
candidate had just received his party's
nomination just two and a half months
before the general election that's the
Republican Party's nominee for president
losing yet another campaign chairman
having to get a third campaign chairman
right that moment in time
August 19th 2016 it also ended up being
a historical turning point because the
new campaign chair who came on to
replace Paul Manafort was the publisher
of a fairly obscure super hardline right
wing website that was very controversial
II associated with the white nationalist
movement in this country it was also
oddly associated with over-the-top
passionate support for Britain leaving
the European Union the brexit campaign
and the Trump campaign would of course
both later come under scrutiny for
having been illegally assisted by the
Russian government but at the time that
was only one of a million bizarre
storylines in the presidential election
of 2016 and now looking back at that
date looking back at August 19th 2016
the day Paul Manafort
left the Trump campaign we can also see
one other very very specific reason why
that date that occasion of Manta fort
leaving the campaign was so important
and ultimately it's so weird because on
that date that exact day when Paul
Manafort quit running the presidential
campaign of Donald Trump he also
how found time that same day to set up a
new LLC called summer breeze huh I mean
you might think he'd be busy that day
being ousted from running the Republican
Party's presidential campaign just weeks
before the election but nope that day he
found time to set up this little holding
company and I don't know why he set up
that holding company on the exact day he
left the Trump campaign but it later
turned out to be a very handy little
holding company in December 2016
so after the election during the
presidential transition that company
summer breeze which Manta Ford had set
up on the day he quit the campaign that
company received a nine and a half
million dollar loan from a little tiny
Bank in Chicago that supposedly
specialized in loaning to US veterans
Paul Manafort is not a veteran not only
did he get that nine and a half million
dollar loan from that Chicago bank in
December 2016 the following month in
January 2017 he got two more
multi-million dollar loans from that
same Bank for a total of about sixteen
million dollars in cash from this one
bank that again specializes in lending
to veterans now the Wall Street Journal
was first to report on these odd
transactions between manna fort and this
little Chicago Bank including the fact
that the holding company was set up
literally on the day that manna fort
left the Trump campaign the journal was
also first to report that these loans to
Paul Manafort were hugely outsized
compared to the resources of that little
bank that's 16 million dollars that the
bank handed I'll hand it over to Paul
Manafort over just a few weeks between
December 2016 in January 2017 those
loans represented nearly a quarter of
all the loanable assets for that little
bank well in in February 2018 NBC News
reported that Robert Moeller's office
special counsels office was looking into
those loans to Paul Manafort during the
transition and somewhat ominously for
Paul Manafort and for that little Bank
NBC reported in February that quote the
three loans to metaphore were questioned
by other officials at the bank one
source told NBC News that at least one
of the bank employees who felt
into approving the metaphor deals is now
cooperating with investigators that same
day the Wall Street Journal reported
that the bank's decision to give all
that cash to Paul Manafort during the
presidential transition it might have
been part of an almost too ridiculous to
be believed quid pro quo quote around
the time his bank made the Manafort
loans in late 2016 and early 2017
Steve caulk the chief executive of this
Chicago bank was seeking to become
Secretary of the army now like the US
Army secretary doesn't always mean
highest job in the company right but in
this case being Secretary of the army
means this guy from this little Chicago
Bank was given all this money to Paul
manna for it he thought he was going to
run the US Army quote mr. Koch was
placing calls to the Pentagon and
specifically to Army Headquarters asking
for briefings to obtain information and
prepared himself for a possible job
according to a person familiar with the
enquiries mr. Cox overtures raised
questions among military leaders as to
how to respond The Wall Street Journal
was first on the story out of the gate
they had the initial reports on
something unusual having happened
between the Trump campaign chairman who
resigned under this weird cloud related
to Russia and then this little Bank in
Chicago they had those first reports in
the spring of 2017 not long after the
inauguration and the Journal of course
stayed on the story ever since even
still though even as we have seen this
story slowly simmer and then start to
steam and boil over the course of more
than a year now it is still rather
astonishing that somehow the president's
campaign chair duped this guy in Chicago
not only into giving him 16 million
dollars but he apparently duped him into
doing that after the Trump campaign
chair had already been kicked off the
Trump campaign for being too obvious a
Russian stooge
I mean months after that he convinces
this guy to give him 16 million dollars
and persuade the guy that that will
result in him becoming Secretary of the
army I mean this guy not only was
allegedly trying to get this quid pro
quo he thought that he got
I mean he's like that like dot 1-800 go
army hey this is Steve I'm the new guy
in charge of the army they told me can I
speak to my office please I need my
briefing materials what this is months
after manna fort had to resign in
disgrace right we haven't seen that Bank
CEO this guy Steve Cox since these
allegations first surfaced now as far as
we know no charges were ever brought
against him in conjunction with this
allegation but this allegation is no
longer just in the papers it has made
its way into the federal criminal case
against Paul Manafort this is from a
filing in the case against manna for
just from earlier this month quote
counts 29 through 32 of the superseding
indictment charged the defendant with
bank fraud and conspiring to commit bank
fraud against a financial institution
lender D in seeking and securing two
loans procs totaling excuse me totaling
approximately 16 million dollars now the
financial institution in this filing
they call it lender D we have every
reason to believe that lender D in this
case is Steve Cox bank the Federal
Savings Bank in Chicago it's a big
sounding name but it's a tiny little
institution quote between April 2016 so
during the campaign and January 2017 the
month of the inauguration the defendant
Paul Manafort made and conspired to make
false and fraudulent representations to
the Federal Savings Bank of Chicago to
secure these loans both loan
applications ultimately were approved by
among others a senior executive at the
Federal Savings Bank who sought the
defendants assistance to obtain a
position advising the Trump campaign
which he obtained and later in the
administration and later in the
administration of President Trump which
he did not obtain so from reporting at
NBC News in The Wall Street Journal in
other places we believe that this Bank
executive from this little Bank in
Chicago we believe he did get a position
on an Economic Advisory Council that was
supposedly advising Trump but if these
public reports are true he was also
apparently persuaded by Paul Manafort
that he was going to get the army to
he'd be put in charge of the army but he
never he never did actually obtain that
job in the list of evidence that the
special counsels office
filed with the court showing what
evidence they're gonna cite in their
case against Paul manna for it there's a
number of emails that represent that
referenced this this Bank CEO Steve
caulk including one with them now very
sad in retrospect subject line quote
need Steve caulk resume o do yeah so we
can go run the army and look at this one
August 4 2016 2 weeks before manna for
gets kicked off the Trump campaign quote
email Paul Manafort to Steve cock wreath
Steve cock professional bio at that
point Paul mana for it's probably
already calling and mr. secretary well
not today in court the judge in the man
fort case started to show us some of the
substance behind these allegations then
thus far have mostly been spelled out in
the press first of all the judge
unsealed the fact that not just one but
two employees of this little bank in
Chicago have been granted immunity in
exchange for their testimony as
witnesses for the prosecution we new
heading into today that there were five
witnesses who were all basically
pleading the fifth they were all saying
they wouldn't testify to avoid
incriminating themselves prosecutors got
permission from a very senior official
at the Criminal Division at the Justice
Department to grant those five witnesses
limited immunity what's called use
immunity so their testimony can be
compelled they can be forced to testify
and their testimony can't be used
against them as long as they don't lie
in court well the judge today accepted
all of those immunity deals for all five
of those witnesses but then surprise the
judge also decided in court today in a
in a sort of a it was a one of those
sessions you've seen this like in in in
courtroom dramas on TV where the judge
asked the counsel to approach the bench
and the people in the courtroom can't
hear what's going on and all just
happens right there at the at the judges
bench that's how they had this
discussion today and in that discussion
which again people in the courtroom
couldn't hear but we just got the
transcript of it the judge explains that
yeah he's gonna grant immunity these
five witnesses but surprise he's also
going to reveal their identities the
prosecution wanted though all their
names kept secret unless and until the
actually ended up testifying the judge
today said no I'm telling everybody who
they are that is not something that we
knew would happen today people who
actually watched the hearing in person
in court today didn't hear this happen
but we now know from the transcript that
we just got a few minutes ago that this
is how that went down quote the judge I
received a number of motions that were
under seal requested to be under seal
for these witnesses why do they need to
be under seal these are witnesses as I
understand it who've been granted
immunity by the government and yet are
reluctant to testify or don't want to
testify and therefore you're asking the
court to issue an order because you've
granted them immunity use immunity
presumably on their testimony they still
don't want to testify and you want an
order now why in the world should all of
that be under seal an ex parte mr.
Assange a prosecutor from the special
counsels office no we have not we have
told them we have not excuse me we have
told them that immunity from the court
which I understand the court must grant
under statute the reason it's under seal
these individuals their involvement in
this case have not been made public and
the department has a policy for
uncharged individuals to not name them
unless we have and the judge intervenes
and says I don't have that policy and
it's going to be public once we're here
everything ought to be in open court
prosecutor mr. Hasani says your honor
can I make one other point one other
point the judge says yes mr. Sahni I
says some of these witnesses we've
prepared out of the abundance of caution
we're prepared to call these witnesses
but there's a chance depending on how
the evidence comes in that we will not
call them and so again unsealing these
records for a witness who's essentially
admitting at some level criminal
exposure and then we don't call them as
a witness we're just trying to be
thoughtful the judge if I do it here in
court I issue an order it's gonna be
public prosecutor oh no question your
honor the judge I don't care whether
they testify or not I understand your
reasons for wanting to be under seal but
I think it's appropriate to identify so
that's all happening at the bench the
judge and the lawyers and they're
talking about whether or not these
witnesses are going to have their names
made public the prosecutors were like we
don't think that's necessary their names
haven't been associated with this case
before the judge is like I'm making it
public and he did so these are the five
people whose immunity deals were
unsealed by the judge on the mana four
case today
these are not household names these
appear to all be people who worked in
banks or financial services of some kind
related to manna for it these two here
are apparently current or former
employees of an accounting firm called
kW C which was manna forts accounting
firm this person here appears to be
related to an insurance firm the
evidence list suggests that insurance
firm was involved in manna fart getting
some of these big bank loans that he got
over the past few years but then these
two guys these two guys are current or
former employees of that little Bank in
Chicago Federal Savings Bank in Chicago
if all the public reporting about manna
fort and his interactions with that Bank
and him possibly offering to sell a fake
job in the Trump administration to that
bank president in exchange for sixteen
million dollars I mean if that public
reporting is even close to accurate
that's a very bad sign for mr. manna for
it that there are two employees from
that bank who have been granted immunity
in order to testify for prosecutors in
their case against Paul Manafort but
that is just one way in which things
have continued to go very badly for mr.
manna for in court I mean he sat there
today in court in a rumpled
short-sleeved dark green prison jumpsuit
he was not called upon to say anything
in today's proceedings and he didn't say
anything but you can't imagine that he
is happy with how things are going mr.
Mann affort continues to lose either in
a hole in whole or in part every single
substantive motion related to his case
today for example his lawyers had tried
to exclude from consideration in his
trial the nature of the work that manna
fort did in Ukraine when he worked for
that pro-putin pro-russian Ukrainians
strongman president who was ousted in a
popular uprising in 2014
mana forts lawyers had said that that
that information about who exactly his
big client was in Ukraine that would be
prejudicial information to the jury it
would turn the jury against him it was
unnecessary in order to prove or
disprove the specific charges that manna
Ford is facing in Virginia well the
judge considered that argument today at
length there was a lot of back-and-forth
about that today in the hearing but the
judge said no prosecutor said listen the
jurors need to know where Paul Mann
fort made all his money and why he
suddenly might have been in need of a
new source of funds after his big money
client got thrown out of office and went
back to Moscow to live in exile the
jurors are gonna have to know about how
he made his money and what happened to
that big spigot of money that he was
latched on to until 2014
that's what prosecutors said and then
here's how that played out today in
court with the judge the judge says
quote you're seeking to preclude the
government from offering evidence about
the nature of the work mr. Manafort did
for the Ukrainian government of the
Ukrainian president is that right manna
forts defense counsel that's correct
your honor
the judge and why wouldn't that be
relevant and why wouldn't that be
relevant then the judge decides that the
prosecutors have won that argument so
the jury is gonna get to hear how Paul
Manafort made his money and who he
worked for now Paul Manafort lawyers
today also tried to exclude from his
trial any reference to manna for its
time as chairman of the Trump for
president campaign the judge in today's
hearing also rejected that from manna
forts lawyers basically saying well you
know there is this allegation about
manna for getting to us sixteen million
dollars from this little Chicago bank in
exchange for him allegedly promising
this guy that he could run the army that
the judge today ruled yeah you know
whatever else we decide about this
information about you running the Trump
campaign that stuff has to stay in
quoting from today's transcript the
judge says quote the defendant seeks to
preclude argument concerning any alleged
collusion with the Russian government
and defendants affiliation with the
Trump campaign prosecutor says as to
point one what we said is we don't
intend to admit any evidence about
Russia collusion but we said that as to
mr. manna forts involvement in the Trump
campaign that a very small portion of
the trial deals with his bank fraud
relating to a particular bank and in
that instance mr. manna forts role in
the Trump campaign is relevant because
one of the motivations of the chairman
of the bank to extend the loan
notwithstanding the fraud was that the
chairman sought and obtained a position
in the Trump campaign for mr. Manta for
it and then sought but did not
ultimately obtain a position in the
Trump administration
and the judge says did this person know
that the information submitted was not
accurate the prosecutor says yes he did
the judge says doesn't that present you
with a problem of fraud since he knew
meaning he was in on it the prosecutor
says it doesn't present us with the
problem because the fraud was on the
bank and not just the individual judge
and the judge says all right the
prosecutor says mr. manna for its
involvement in the Trump campaign was
prevalent throughout so we'll try to do
it in a discreet way but it's hard to
take out those facts if not impossible
the judge says with respect to the
affiliation with the Trump campaign that
motion would be denied in part and
granted in part it's denied as to what
you just referred to that is the bank
loan with respect to the banker who went
along with the fraud so that he could
get a job the judge is ruling that that
part of Manta for working for the Trump
campaign that's gonna be in the trial
Paul Medford also today asked for a long
delay in this trial and this felony
trial in Virginia specifically he asked
for this trial to be delayed until after
his other felony trial in Washington DC
this September now one reason he's
asking for that delay is that he says he
only got access to his own bookkeeping
records just recently Manafort made the
Manfred's lawyers made that made the
case in court today that he needs more
time to go through his own bookkeeping
records the judge in this hearing today
did not seem impressed with this line of
argument the judge mr. downing you're
telling me you didn't have any access to
your own bookkeeping records mr. downing
correct your honor
the judge really mr. Zhu Neng yes the
judge it's your own bookkeeper mr.
downing it's your own bookkeeper until
your bookkeeper gets a subpoena from the
United States government and demands and
the court the judge says until what mr.
downing Manta Ford's defense lawyer says
the bookkeeper got the subpoena from the
US government at which point in time the
bookkeeper was demanding that we
reimbursed the bookkeeper for the
subpoena production we didn't do that
and they refused to turn the records
over to us so the judge says and what
steps did you take lawyer says we had
communications with the bookkeeper on
more than one occasion to get the files
back and the judge says well go to court
and get the
documents they belong to your client
mana farts lawyer says well we thought
we'd get them in Discovery Your Honor
it's a it's a lot cheaper the judge says
no no it depends on how you calculate
the expense other than dollars and cents
so the judge today considered that
request from Paul Manafort to delay his
trial in part because he hasn't reviewed
his own bookkeeping records why has he
not reviewed his own bookkeeping records
because his bookkeeper wants to charge
him some money to get them back to look
at him that's the part of the way
evidence unfolds in a case like this if
the government is gonna use the evidence
the government has to show you what
they're going to use and so they need to
provide copies of what they're going to
use to the defense Paul Manafort decided
that rather than pay his bookkeeper to
get his own records back he'd just wait
till the prosecutors looked at that
stuff and then he'd get a copy of it
later on from the prosecutors and that
has created this big delay and so now he
wants to delay his whole trial till
November because he's that cheap about
his own records so the judge is like
really are you sure if just because it
was too expensive are you sure the judge
ruled on that today said yes Paul
Manafort you can have your delay in this
trial you want a four month delay until
November you can have a delay you want
four months you can have six days I'll
see you Tuesday next week the judge says
quote I have before me a motion for
continuance
there are equities and good reasons on
both sides of this motion in the end
what I've decided to do is I've decided
to postpone the commencement of this
case until the 31st of July in other
words it gives you approximately another
week and then we're going ahead we'll
start tomorrow at the juror
questionnaires quote you will simply
have to work hard to complete your
review so jurors will start turning up
in the courthouse in Virginia tomorrow
whole pool of potential jurors will be
on site tomorrow the judge says he'll
pick the 12 jurors and 4 alternates that
means the trial is on the campaign
chairman of the sitting president of the
United States is now officially going on
trial hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
