tonight Trump's former lawyer Michael
Cohen under pressure as 12 tapes seized
in the raid on his office are handed
over to the feds while Paul Manafort was
slated to begin his first criminal trial
on Wednesday the former Trump campaign
chief just got a one-week delay from the
judge today now beginning with Cohen the
political world was of course a buzz on
Friday over news he secretly taped
Donald Trump tonight the news is that
tape didn't exist alone this is a point
that several sources made just last week
on the beat and while this new tape that
was discussed last week was not
initially given to prosecutors over
claims that it was privileged now
Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani says
they're waiving any privilege and the
court official who has the final call is
saying these other 12 audio items are
not privileged either so they have been
released to prosecutors those of course
are the people who can decide whether to
charge Cohen with any crimes in this
whole case Cohen's adversary Michael
avenatti says Trump is on more than one
of these other tapes first of all this
is not the only tape I can tell you that
for a fact there's multiple tapes you
know that there are more tapes of
President Trump though no I do know
there's more tapes of President Trump
there's multiple tapes of President
Trump there's much speculation about who
is leaking these Cohen tapes who
benefits from all this and whether it's
another Trump land distraction from
stories that could be even worse for the
president like the continuing fallout
over his embrace of Latimer Putin last
week it also could distract from the
other story I mentioned it's truly
historic trial slated to begin this week
in Virginia and today Paul Manafort
appeared before court in a jail uniform
as his lawyers did convince the judge
they should get one more week to go over
a voluminous amount of evidence before
this trial begins now this was Manta
Ford's first court appearance since a
judge sent him to jail last month he
came in today wearing a short sleeved
green Alexandria jail jumpsuit whether
that's going to be the situation during
the trial or not we don't know I suspect
his lawyers will try to get that change
judge also made some news by granting
Mulder's request to immunize five
different people who will testify
against Manta fourth the witness is
linked to companies that did business
with him the list does not include
any famous names are known Trump
Associates I'm joined by two former
federal prosecutors new Moroka and John
Flannery Sofia Nelson an attorney and
former counsel to the Republicans on the
House Oversight Committee John looking
at the mana for trial in a minute we'll
get into all of it there but on Cohen
what do you make of the waiver of
privilege and your theory as to why
this story's in the news well I think
it's in the news because you have Trump
on tape and as anybody would say that's
the strongest possible evidence if
they're making an admission on the tape
and in the particular tape we looked at
last week there certainly was evidence
of knowledge by the president of a
payoff to the Playboy Playmate MS
mcdougal and it looked like they were
trying to find a way either to reimburse
the publishers the non publishers if you
will of her story or to own it
themselves to have even more control
over it and this several months before
the end of the election for no other
purpose apparently than to have keep it
out of the election news if you will I
think that the significance of this tape
is that the it struck me that Lenny
Davis Lanny Davis actually gave a sucker
punch to Rudy Giuliani Rudy wanted so
badly to speak about this tape he waived
any possible privilege as to it on the
one hand he said it wasn't secret than
he said it was a professional
conversation by doing that he may have
waived from privilege to any tape
relating to that kind of communication
which may or may not put him back behind
when the publication was denied that is
when they made the deal with McDougald
in August of 2016 and then in September
of 2016 and the tape last week they were
talking about how they could perhaps
even strengthen their hold I'm is
McDougald disclosing anything further
yeah and me there's a good piece in The
New Yorker that sort of goes through why
this is a real thing even when you put
aside the questions of how it came out
the new revelation suggests the Trump
campaign was lying when it denied Trump
had any knowledge of the ami deal with
mcdougal that's what they said then
Cohen also worked on that abortive
effort to develop a Trump Tower mosque
pushed a proposed peace deal for Ukraine
and also is tied up with financial firm
with Vekselberg that hired him as a
consultant the point being it's easy to
forget how many real and potentially
legally significant things there are
that this tape could provide evidence on
yeah and how much Michael Cohen could
testify about how much information he
has I mean the tapes are important for
sure but what they really are as a
reminder of all the information in
Michael Cohen's head which is I think
gonna be more than on one tape or 12
tapes even and you know Giuliani can try
to explain away the way a defense
attorney would at a trial each
individual recording well this shows you
know they didn't actually pay the money
am I paid the money which isn't a
defense but he can try to explain it
away but the fact that matter is Michael
Cohen if he decides to cooperate is
really gonna have a lot of information I
think that's that's one of the biggest
takeaways from these recordings Sophia
yeah I mean I agree I think a couple
things look we've been talking about
this for months since the initial FBI
raid back in March or April I guess it
was and what this shows is that Michael
Cohen knew a day was going to come are
you where he was going to have to
protect himself
the president's tweet seemed to be a nod
with his own attorney Rudy Giuliani
waiving the privilege when the president
is on Twitter complaining that this
isn't fair what about attorney-client
privilege so I'm confuses and what's
happening in the Trump camp but I think
I agree with both of my colleagues here
that the big news is is that Michael
Cohen has a whole lot of information and
he's got 12 tapes that at some point I
assume we're going to hear is the public
and it goes back to what I said a long
time ago about having that cya file and
if you're going to do things wrong and
you're gonna do nefarious activities
which is what they've been doing for a
long time you're gonna cover yourself I
also think we need to find out what's in
president Trump's tax returns that we
still haven't seen yet I think that's a
key here for Moeller and others that are
trying to get to the bottom of what
really happened here with all of this
John is there a legitimate or not in the
various reason that a lawyer could be
making tapes like that not a nefarious
well if you're involved in a conspiracy
with your counsel
that is Trump is and your counsel is
making tapes it's almost kind of a
giveaway that you're in nefarious
activity and it may be legal for one
consent taping in New York it's probably
not ethical and it may be corrupt
because if you know you're involved in a
crime then there is no privilege that
attaches to it it strikes me that one of
the reasons Cohen may have delayed
cooperating if that's what he's doing is
because maybe they want to have a clear
line of what they could use of his
confidences in conversations with Trump
rather than risk it being compromised by
an assertion of privilege that would
take it down you may recall that before
the court decided to screen these
documents there was a screening team
that the US Attorney's Office had and
that wasn't sufficient so they're kind
of put on notice they'd better be
careful if they want to use Cohen if
Cohen is really interested in doing this
as avenatti suggests if and as Lanny
Davis suggests by his presence and the
team and so maybe they want to make sure
they know the rules before they bring
them in and debrief of them and have
them say anything whether or not they
make a deal with them and are
compromised because it's decided that
it's privileged Mimi on the Palmetto
foreign news it's a huge deal that this
trial is moving forward we haven't had
someone at this high level in a
presidential campaign tried in the
second year of a president in office in
the modern era I'd also suggest that
there's no last-minute deal which in all
kinds of cases sometimes happens as you
certainly know so what do you make of
what is coming down the pike against
Manta for these five witnesses plus the
paper record in one of what it would be
two consecutive trials what is his play
here
what does Manta force play I don't think
he has a great play I think he's been
trying to stall I think he's been
throwing everything at the wall to see
if anything would stick if the judge
would buy into any of these pretty
far-fetched legal arguments and none of
them worked
I don't think Manta forts gonna
cooperate I think he's more scared of
the Russians than he is jail here when I
say that what do you mean well I mean I
think we know now that he's from his
from the exhibit list that he had a
significant loan from Oleg Deripaska
you know he he was in debt to him and I
scared that the Russians could do what I
think he I mean this is me inferring
based on all the different reporting
we've seen that I think he's scared that
if he cooperated and provided
information about Russian attacks on our
election and possible conspiracy with
the Trump campaign that the Russians
would come after him when you say come
after him you mean well they could use
violence they can use intimidation they
could use threats let me go around the
panel do others agree with that
assessment it's it's a serious thing but
we're dealing with a regime that has
been documented and it's human rights
abuses and its treatment of its
opponents and in its alleged willingness
to poison people abroad John and then
Sophia sure I think a Mad Hatter's Tea
Party is entirely possible Sophia ari I
think that the issues that these five
witnesses are going to get immunity is
really the big news to me beyond I know
but I'm asking you a different question
I understand I don't know that I think
they're going to do bodily harm to him I
think they have far more interesting
probably stuff on him manna forts been
doing this kind of stuff for a long time
this gets back to my call for the tax
returns you can I have to keep things on
track bringing back you me me me on the
point though this this is the big
question because if he does not
cooperate but he's facing this
overwhelming evidence that is your view
as a prosecutor he's likely to be
convicted and then what deals with it
yeah I mean I would be surprised at this
point if mana for cooperate and he's
shown no signs of it sometimes people do
try to cooperate after conviction which
i think is very likely here but it's
rare and it would be a lot less valuable
to you prosecutors after they've already
put on a full trial right but but the
reason I said this about he must be
scared of something else yes as you
point out why else is he not seeking to
cooperate I mean it's very likely that
he has information that could be useful
to prosecutors which is the biggest
hurdle often for people he's facing so
much time and the case is so strong the
five immunized witnesses I don't think
they're necessarily going to be the
bombshell that people thought I mean
they're turning out to be more kind of
you know P collaborating yeah
exactly I think Gates is gonna be you
know he's gonna be the real story teller
here I'm assuming you know he's gonna be
the big the big witness that's gonna
want to watch hang with me I want to
bring in California Congressman Eric's
well well from the Intelligence
Committee when you look at the news from
Cohen as well as the vana for trial
which we were just reporting on what do
you see is most significant in terms of
your purview and and the intelligence
issues that still face America in the
wake of this Putin summit good evening
Ari and what I see is that the president
as a candidate had on his team and very
close to his businesses shadowy
operators and people who had close
personal political and financial ties to
Russia with Paul Manafort we see
millions of dollars exchanged with
Ukrainians as he did work for pro
russia-ukraine parties and then also
Michael Cohen who as you know in the
fall of 2015 as Donald Trump was a
candidate was working with Felix Sater a
Russian American who had invested with
Donald Trump to engineer the election
get Putin and Trump together so that
they could quote-unquote make our boy
president but when you see secret
recordings and you see you know the way
that Michael Cohen was willing to
operate on behalf of the president I
think that justifies Bob Miller's
investigation to take a MRI to everyone
who's around the president to find out
if the Russians have anything on him or
he was working with them during the
campaign should Congress review these
tapes I think it's an ongoing
investigation no not right now maybe
after the investigation as we'd always
want to have oversight but right now we
need to let investigators just do their
job I want to play for you
Michael avenatti speaking about this on
ABC yesterday take a listen this shows
that the president knew that these
payments were being made prior to the
election he was a participant in it he
was advising as to how it was going to
be done and none of that is going to
prove to be helpful to him or Michael
Cohen especially as it relates to
campaign finance violations as you know
that's an analysis coming from a foe of
the presidents in Cohen
but if
does prove to be true that alone is not
collusion and it's it's not for an
election tampering it would be the
misuse potentially of a media
organization within a political goal at
home domestically is that in your
purview is that something Congress cares
about or is that ultimately a
distraction a smaller issue from what
what everyone began this investigation
with which was the collusion Pro well I
think there you know they are not
mutually exclusive the president can
have a whole host of issues on the
campaign finance side that are domestic
in nature like these alleged you know
payoffs to silence people who come
forward and you can also have a whole
host of issues with for nationals who
worked on his behalf and people on his
team who met with them you know for me
on the Intelligence Committee frankly
Ari I'm more interested in just
protecting the integrity of our
elections and making sure that no
candidate Republican or Democrat works
with the Russians in the way that the
President did or any other adversary so
I'll leave as I said to investigators
would happen here but let me just also
point out I think what's important with
Paul Manafort is did Donald Trump when
he brought Paul Manafort on in 2016 did
he know about these relationships that
Paul Manafort
had with the Russians that that's still
his right he answered and did that
qualify him for the job you know most
people they would say well this
disqualifies you but it was that part of
the reason he got hired I mean Michael
Flynn's same thing a lot of connections
to the Russians a lot of people on the
team had these contacts most people that
be a DQ it looks like this may have been
their green light right you're talking
about things that would literally take
you out of the running for any
presidential campaign and if known
except potentially for this one at least
under the argument of some critics final
question the White House publicly
announcing today that it is reviewing
security clearance access the former
national security officials who it says
basically quote unquote politicized
their access to intelligence many others
have pointed out these are individuals
who are either critics of the President
or potential witnesses against him is
this appropriate and proper use of the
classification authority which the
President does have no it's purely
punitive by the president it's the same
way he treats journalists any quid
is if he has the ability to silence them
he will and there's also just good
national security reasons to make sure
that our best experts elders States
persons continue to have some access to
classified information not knowing when
they would come back into government or
under what type of crisis we would need
them we want their skills to remain
relevant so I just see it as punitive
and all the more reason that this
president needs a check on the wrecking
ball that he's been to so many freedoms
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
