president Trump dramatically escalated a
war of words with the president but ran
this weekend just before midnight last
night Trump tweeted to Iranian president
rouhani never ever threaten the United
States again or you will suffer
consequences the likes of which feud
throughout the history throughout
history have ever suffered before we are
no longer a country that will stand for
your demented words of violence and
ahead and death
be cautious that's for the president ID
States last night the tweet came hours
after Secretary of State Mike Pompeo the
Liberty speech slamming the Iranian
leadership the level of corruption
wealth among Iranian leaders shows that
Iran is run by something that resembles
the Mafia more than a government the
proud Iranian people are not staying
silent about their governments many
abuses and the United States under
President Trump will not stay silent
either that rhetoric appears to be a
response to a warning from President
rouhani of Iran that quote war with Iran
is the mother of all wars from where I'm
done by David Ignatius comments with a
Washington Post you know I get this
terrible sense that the neo-cons are
back in power is it john bolton this
talk i sense there pushing regime change
again well since when's the United
States focused on corruption in other
countries we're looking for a cause for
war it looks to me your thoughts I I
think we're pushing very hard I think
the president's tweet was his own
personal stamp on an Iran policy that's
been developing over over months it's
not just since Bouldin came in I think
this is a passion for Mike Pompeo I
think we have to understand Chris that
President Trump thinks that the North
Korea summit the diplomacy with Kim
jong-un's showed that his fire and fury
approach these these tweets threatening
war language that were we never hear
from presidents works that's what he's
concluded and I think he's gonna he's
going to try the same playbook now with
with Iran with the same risk the same
risks of conflict raise a real country
it's not something created by Churchill
you know the Cairo conference its Persia
it's a and anybody's ever dealt or met
an American Iranian Iranian living here
notes how sophisticated that country is
their military was as almost first world
they were in manator Israel's ally they
gained tremendously in their abilities
to make war I don't know why we would
ever how do we fight a war with Iran we
gotta go over there and fight there we
got evade them you know what kind of a
war is this gonna be big Trump wants to
fight a war with with Iran anymore they
want to fight a world North Korea I
think he thinks that bluster and Bluff
can get them to back down why did you
change we're gonna knock off the
ayatollahs with words III think we have
embarked on a slow-motion regime change
project and the result of that is going
to be another failed state in the Middle
East if he succeeds
you know if the sanctions if the screws
on Iran's economy succeeds you'll have a
chaotic Iran you'll have you know
dissent in the streets and then you'll
have a crackdown and then you'll have an
even more authoritarian leader in a
failed Iran I think as I mentioned as
you mentioned Trump's rhetoric towards
Iran has become increasingly similar to
his threats against North Korea's Kim
jong-un
last year I will say if Iran threatens
us in any way they will pay a price like
few countries have ever paid best not
make any more threats to the United
States they will be met with fire and
fury like the world has never seen he
does something in Guam it will be an
event the likes of which nobody's seen
before what will happen in North Korea
you know what he says which part of his
little you know erogenous zone his
political base that he's always like the
tickle what does he get out of threats
to Iran I mean is it the evangelical
base that are very pro-israel who are
very hawkish the Middle East do they get
it elated by the idea of going to war
with Iran oh what's he get out of stuff
the rhetoric appeals most I think to the
Saudis and Emiratis man Israelis but I
think I think the Gulf Arabs just love
the idea of a president be tough and and
back up there at militant say against it
does it help the moderates we've been
hearing about moderates that are in
since Reagan since the tow missiles over
there in exchange for for the hostages
no this is a game we've been sucked into
are there moderates in Iran who will be
bolstered made enthusiastic inspired by
presidential attacks on their leadership
so there is a pragmatic leadership
rouhani is more moderate than the IRGC
than the ayatollah hominid the Iranian
people near as I've been able to tell
why visit that country do not like this
regime and in that sense the
administration is right this is not a
popular regime that there were mass
demonstrations across Iran for a brief
period it's not just the English
speaking because internet sensations
crisp begin and the Far East of Iran and
Mossad they spread essentially to every
city in the country they they would they
were calmed down there's been an
eruption again about a month ago in
southern Iran it was done so there is a
lot of dissent in that country and
people don't like the regime they don't
want to live but what could fire a fire
and fury talk to the press well I have
any good so I think it's it's a mistake
what it will do is put I think the the
leadership on guard I don't think the
Iranians are going to be big risk takers
with with this president and we'll see
what the Europeans do the the problem is
this policy continued in the directions
going will produce a failed state in
Iran and the chaos that goes along with
that is that in our interest I don't
think it is hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
