by Michael avenatti attorney first army
Dana's and Kimberly Whaley former
assistant US attorney and law professor
Michael thank you for coming on and I
think you have a good political sense of
this whole thing about your client
stormy Daniels and when Michael Cohen
what would be up to do you think Michael
Cohen is now based upon these recordings
now that he has all these recordings in
hand as evidence to any case he wants to
make he has a lot of support going into
court a lot of exhibits that he's in a
very strong position now to negotiate
his freedom you know Chris I think he
may be but I think that this information
potentially could be devalued with each
passing day and that's why I think that
if Michael Cohen is going to do the
right thing he needs to do it very very
quickly and come forward with what he
has not only with federal prosecutors
but also with the American people you
know you've seen a progression over the
last few weeks Michael Cohen trying to
paint himself as a patriot as a guy that
loves his country but I think he's
trying to have it both ways I think he's
still holding out hope Chris that Donald
Trump is going to appear in the middle
of this dark forest and lead him out to
salvation and if there's one thing we
know about this president it is that he
has loyalty for no one or to no one so I
think that Michael Cohen is kidding
himself how long can he stretch it out
before he has to make it what's his shot
clock in basketball terms when does he
have to decide I trust Trump for a
pardon where I'm taking my chances with
with mahler who's when's he have to make
that call well I think he has to make it
pretty quickly Chris and and you know
here's something to think about if Bob
Moeller ultimately concludes that a city
president cannot be indicted and I think
he may very well conclude that then what
is the value of the information that
Michael Cohen has on the president it's
not very high so the longer that Michael
Cohen waits to use this information to
his own benefit the greater chance he
runs that it's going to be devalued to
zero well in Friday that's just a few
days ago Rudy Giuliani called the tapes
powerful exculpatory evidence for the
president however his team has not
released any recordings or transcripts
to back up that statement today in
response to reports that there were at
least 12 other audio recordings Lanny
Davis Clinton Ali Cohen's new lawyer
tweeted latest news about Michael
Cohen's tapes of conversations are being
released by Donald Trump
and his legal team who own and waived
the privilege what Rudy Giuliani called
these tapes exculpatory again as I noted
before the things will speak for
themselves
spin can't change facts let's start at
facts if you have a tape there of the
now president talking to his lawyer
fixer Michael Cohen about making payoffs
the silence a person who has had a
relationship where said they had a
relationship with him would that be I
think that's powerful information I
think if that people see it's on the
record now that this all happened it
isn't this enemies talking it'll have a
lot of influence on his life is whatever
his the way he lives that's how we think
of them and I'm just wondering what the
legal situation is of these tapes so
underneath water they show that he broke
well they're under newly New York law it
doesn't sound like he broke anything
because they're no only one person has
to consent to a tape I'm talking about
paying off somebody now to publish
something so you're basically using your
power to kill a story is that legal
well under the campaign finance laws
anything of value that's exchanged for
the campaign that would help the
candidate is considered ownership is
really kicking in some cash it's like a
loan so if they if they said listen
we'll pay her so you don't have to pay
her and that helped the campaign and
that it sort of put down some bad
information that would have hurt Trump
then sure that should have been
disclosed Mike I'll talk about that law
there because I'm curious how you get to
the perpetrators of this deal this
conspiracy this silence well a silence
Trump's girlfriend's view well women and
with whom he's had relations kind of
keep that out of the press and using
money and friends to do it where's the
legal well who's exposed here well I
think ultimately the president could be
exposed as well as Michael Cohen if on
these tapes for instance Chris they had
discussions about the flow of the money
and how these payments were going to be
made and the fact that they were going
to be made in such a way where it could
not be traced back to Donald Trump but
in essence it was Donald Trump's money
or other people were carrying out these
payments at his request that could be a
significant and serious campaign finance
violation as it relates to violating the
amount that can be contributed as well
as you know they always say follow the
money it could also pose a problem as it
relates to money laundering and bank
fraud
if in fact they were discussing how to
shield these payments from regulators
and others well what do you think is
gonna happen you just tell you've teased
me here Michael you're pretty good at
this but you've teased me you think that
mower will come to the conclusion that
under the Constitution
he cannot indict a sitting president so
he may decide to defer the charges for
later that is that feasible could he say
I think he's committed crimes here they
may be high crimes but I can't act on
them because the Constitution prevents
me from indicted what would happen if he
was cited that would he drop bridges
well he could defer them you know what I
believe is gonna happen based on you
know my understanding of Bob Muller
who's you know one heck of an attorney
and and very by-the-book kind of guy I
think that ultimately he's going to
conclude it's it's a different
conclusion that I would come to I would
go ahead and charge him and make the
Supreme Court overrule me but that's
just me but I think he's going to
conclude that you can't indict a sitting
president I think he's going to defer
the charges he's going to issue a very
detailed report and he's gonna leave it
up to Congress to potentially impeach
the president or to the electorate to to
throw him out of office in 2020 so going
back to Rudy Rudy's right not letting
the president testify well can't be
indicted you know somebody once said
that me years ago and Philadelphia if
you're not running for reelection take
the fifth that somebody saw I'm just one
of the people I wonder whether you
shouldn't just in effect if you're the
president take the fifth if you can't be
indicted what you got to lose well
there's there's political ramifications
here or there's legal ones and the
political process isn't holding him
accountable the legal process I agree
with Michael that I think Bob Muller is
gonna follow the DOJ guidance which says
that you can't indict us although I do
think there's some ambiguity in the most
recent statement on that and that could
you actually indict him and then hold
the trial for for after he was finished
with being a president because then that
would told the satchels but it still
goes to the house yeah I mean I think
that's really what boils down to the
fact the American public doesn't seem to
care is a problem two facts the
Democrats look like they're gonna win
the house at least at least narrowly
maybe by more and they'll have the power
of subpoena it's going to be interesting
I'm shipping the rest of my house the
power subpoena you know and I think
things are going to be happy
as well chairman of the House Judiciary
Committee as of next January the whole
world is gonna ship 180 come January the
Democrats squeak back into power
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
