welcome back President Trump may be
reluctant to confront Vladimir Putin but
he went ahead and sent a blistering
all-caps tweet last night threatening
Iranian president Hassan rouhani quote -
Iranian president rouhani never ever
threatened the United States again or
you will suffer consequences the likes
of which few throughout history have
ever suffered before we are no longer a
country that will stand for your
demented words of violence and death
be cautious now it appears to be a
response to rouhani warning that America
should know that peace with Iran is the
mother of all peace and war with Iran is
the mother of all wars he also warned
President Trump do not play with the
Lions tail because you will regret it
eternally the president's tweet is part
of an administration-wide escalation of
rhetoric toward Iran it came after
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo gave a
blistering speech comparing to her ons
government to the Mafia so what is
behind this strategy why suddenly
escalate tensions with Iran I'm joined
now by Richard Haass president of the
Council on Foreign Relations and author
of a world in disarray Richard it is
confusing to look at the way the
president is tweeting Russia and the way
the president is treating Iran both
hostile Nations yet one he's saying
you'd be crazy to ask me to yell at him
when he was saying mix of Latimer Putin
and then the other he's basically
yelling at him through Twitter well
you're right Katie Iran has become the
adversary of choice let's put aside
Russia because the because obviously the
president has this inexplicable devotion
to a positive relationship it's
interesting to look at the difference
say with North Korea the summit
accomplished in Singapore accomplished
for I can tell virtually nothing yet
North Korea's off the front pages they
have nuclear weapons and the president's
basically saying be patient Iran does
not have nuclear weapons it was the
United States not Iran that blew up the
the nuclear agreement and now the
president is acting in a shall we say
remarkably confrontational manner you've
got to think that it has something to do
with the fact that our allies in the
region in this case Israel's
Arabia the United Arab Emirates all
favor a very tough confrontational
approach with the rod and also unlike
North Korea Iran's on its own it doesn't
have a great power patron say like China
or Russia so Ron is is is more exposed
so you have the support of allies in the
region to push it you have a powerful
you a group of people in the United
States across the board politically who
are anti Iran and Iran is in some ways
on its own why now why late last night
and I asked this because you gotta bring
in Donald Trump's old tweets and into
the conversation because it it helps you
understand where the man might where his
head might be he's got a number of old
tweets from 2011-2012 basically saying
that Barack Obama is gonna start a war
with Iran in order to get reelected he
says it in 2011 in order to get elected
Barack Obama will start a war with Iran
I mean is it fair to point back or look
back at those tweets and wonder if if
maybe there's something more to him
getting angry with Iran last night
suddenly late at night okay you're not
going to ask me to explain why this
president does what he does particularly
at 11:30 on a Sunday night on a Sunday
night when he's facing a lot of
criticism about the way that he handled
the Putin summit when he's facing a lot
of criticism about not being on the side
of our intelligence community when it's
been a pretty terrible week I don't know
Richard I don't know I mean you know
there's there's a couple of things out
there and so there is a case offered for
some distraction on the other hand he
has also been quite consistent with his
criticism of Iran he called the nuclear
pact the worst agreement ever negotiated
as you pointed out in your intro the
Secretary of State gave a very tough
speech in Iran essentially calling for
such fundamental political root change
it's almost tantamount to regime change
and suddenly Iran is being singled out
for its lack of democracy and lack of
human rights unless I missed it Russia
China Turkey North Korea the Philippines
and others have all escaped any such
criticism so clearly the administration
has decided for whatever political or
geopolitical set of reasons that Iran
again is its favorite adversary so what
the goal here could he be trying to
foment more unrest instead of
destabilizing directly the the
government I mean there's there's
there's protests going on right now the
economy is in the tank it's going down
even further since that the president
announced he would pull out of the Iran
deal and reimpose sanctions the short
answer is yes I think the administration
has a policy of destabilization again
you look at the Secretary of State
speech which was a brutal in its
denunciation of Iranian leadership
associating them with with corruption
and in a very detailed way essentially
siding with various opposition elements
the administration doesn't have a way of
fighting back against Iran and Syria
doesn't have a very effective way of
fighting against Iran in Lebanon or in
Yemen so this seems to be Iran's
Achilles heel as you say a very weak
economy the the currency is plummeting
inflation is going up growth is going
down so you've got a weak economy and
you've obviously got real political
protests and you got Iranians going into
the street saying stop spending so much
on on guns start spending more on the
quality of life here at home so I think
the administration sees a weakness and
they're trying to exploit it how much
could this have to do with how
frustrated the president is reported to
be when it comes to North Korea and how
North Korea has not been keeping up
their end of the bargain and nothing has
come out of it well he should be
frustrated over North Korea but he
should also even be even be more
frustrated with his own policy towards
North Korea he set out an impossible
goal I would say or an unrealistic goal
rather of denuclearization claimed he
accomplished it when in fact he had not
and every day that goes by shows the gap
between the administration's rhetoric
and the reality so he's frustrated with
North Korea he's on the defensive with
with Russia he's launched a trade war
which I think threatens a lot of the
gains the had that have been made in the
markets so there's Iran and again almost
by a process of elimination you get the
sense that the administration has
decided this is their best chance to do
something big in foreign policy do they
want to negotiate with Iran is that Eve
desire I don't think so because I can't
imagine that an Iranian leadership that
for decades is called the United States
the the Great Satan is going to
accomplish it's going to agree to
negotiate and I think the gap between
the two sides is so fundamental I'm not
sure what the negotiation would would be
about so no I don't think this is a bid
to negotiate I don't think this is
another North Korea I think this is an
attempt to put real pressure on Iran
so either Iran says uncle and agrees to
all sorts of things and a new nuclear
agreement they weren't prepared to agree
to before or failing that and will
likely fail in that I think this is an
attempt to destabilize the government
Richard Haass thanks for trying to make
sense of it with us we appreciate it
Thank You Katie hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meat to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mind set right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
