this weekend the Trump administration
did something that's never ever ever
ever ever been done before they released
an application for a wiretap on Carter
page Trump is claiming that it
vindicates his attacks on the Millar
probe he tweeted quotes so we now find
out that it was indeed the unverified
and fake dirty dossier dirty Donald that
was paid for by crooked Hillary Clinton
and the DNC that was knowingly and
falsely submitted to FISA and which was
responsible for starting the totally
conflicted and discredited Muller
witch-hunt but that tweet along with
several others from this weekend is full
of lies imagine that in fact the
application and three renewals for it
undermine every tenth poll of trumps
argument against the Muller probe let's
go through them first
Trump's claim that the Carter page
documents confirm with little doubt that
the Department of Justice and FBI failed
to disclose that one of the sources of
intelligence Christopher Steele was paid
by Democrats now the reality the
application clearly states that Steele
was hired to conduct research regarding
Donald Trump's ties to Russia and that
the people who likely conducted it were
likely looking for information that
could be used to discredit Trump's
campaign that's on the application next
the claim Trump tweeted this weekend
this is so bad that they should be
looking at the judges who signed off on
this stuff all right mr. president we
looked at the signatures of the four
judges on the application and the
renewals they're all Republicans for the
floor and slightly awkward feet of
refrain no collusion well get a load of
this from the application itself the FBI
believes that the Russian government's
efforts are being coordinated with Paige
and perhaps other individuals associated
with Trump's campaign Frankfurt Lizzy I
remember talking to senior Justice
Department officials at the time the
Devon newness was banging the pots and
pans to get this out who said you know
if it weren't for the national security
considerations and the desire and the
mission to protect sources and methods
we should put this out this shows this
showcases the incorruptible nature of
the FISA Court and if Donald Trump knows
what FISA stands for I'll send him a Big
Mac a day till the end of his
Presidency but your thoughts about the
fact that even amid the political
attacks and even amid the unprecedented
release of sensitive classified
information
the FISA process stands up and holds up
and rebukes the president the way his
attacks and attack dogs never could
Nicole I'd never thought I'd say this
but I'm actually pleased that this
release occurred and boy I cringe even
as I say that but it clearly shows that
the system worked here it is a strong
affidavit and the renewals are even
stronger as you see them growing in size
each time they're renewed and each judge
signing off on them and it refutes
everything that Devon noonas has been
saying about the dossier being the
majority of the probable cause or the
failure to tell the judges that there
are issues with Christopher Steele all
of that's been refuted I can't imagine
how Devon Nunez can look in a camera and
speak that he's vindicated today but
he's doing it anyway and it does also
lay bare the case for collusion we know
there was collusion it was between the
Russian government and Carter Paige
don't take the deep state's word for it
take Carter Paige's word for it
yeah Carter Paige who referred to
himself at one point as an adviser to
the advisor the Kremlin doesn't get much
more secret-agent than that I think this
has been a useful exercise seeing this
memo it was pretty clear back when in
February when the two versions are this
application when the two versions the
memos released the Democratic version
the Republican version who was telling
the truth about what the the warrant
application said and who wasn't anyone
that was really paying attention but now
anyone can go and look at this
application and see that Devon Nunez was
just flat-out lying the FBI told the
court very clearly that it was someone
who wanted it likely wanted to discredit
Donald Trump's campaign who was
spreading this information and I say
it's a useful exercise because we've
seen the president lie to the American
people a lot newness lying to the
American people why doesn't Paul Ryan do
anything well that's what I mean about
the useful exercise we can see
conservative riders member of members of
Congress who now can look at this
application and know and see they may
have the American people look at it know
that they are flat out lying about what
it says and the only thing the only
reason they would be doing it is to
protect Donald Trump Steve Schmidt why
is Devon unas getting away with lying to
the American people about the FBI why is
the Republican Party
now for smearing the FBI with lies
because Paul Ryan the Speaker of the
House is allowing it to happen . . why
he is the weakest most spineless speaker
that the country has ever seen
for whatever reason whatever malfunction
has occurred in paul ryan's brain he is
forgotten that his oath is to the
constitution of the united states that
the speakership is a trust he is the
third in line to the office of president
of the united states and he sits at the
Dyess of the people's house under the
capitol dome that abraham lincoln
insisted be constructed during civil war
so that government of the people by the
people for the people
reconsecrated would have a place to
gather in to me the smallness of paul
ryan for this big moment in time can't
be overstated and what he's allowing
devon Nunez to do beyond degrading the
intelligence committee destroying its
functionality is doing extreme harm to
the country and it is in his power to
stop it five minutes ago as it is in his
power to stop it five minutes from now
and hopefully he will redeem himself on
some date at some hour that is yet
certain we'll be watching how that
little code on here you know he might
not be getting away with it now his wife
he how much dead noon is won reelection
by in 2016 35 points you know much devon
news ahead of his challenger by right
now according to the most recent polling
8 he's under 50% and he's a republican
incumbent chairman of the house
committee he's in danger right now and
he could lose his seat over all of this
hey there i'm chris hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
