I want to bring Steve Schmidt in the
conversation but I just want to reset
for our viewers the White House today
releasing an enemies list a list of
former national security officials for
whom they have now publicly stated they
have under consideration the punishment
of stripping these men and women of
their security clearances these men
former CIA directors from FBI director
former national security adviser and
former acting director the FBI all
maintained security clearances for
giving their expertise giving their
institutional knowledge to a president
and the executive branch of government
after they leave joining us now Steve
Schmidt this is this is a this is a very
dangerous day for American democracy
this is the move of an autocrat not an
American president we don't strip
security clearances for pilot for
political reasons from members of the
opposition party who have served all of
their careers all of their lives in
defense of the country have sworn ODEs
to the constitution not to a party not
to not to the leader but you know this
is a part and parcel Trump began
politicizing the intelligence services
from our one of his administration when
he went to the CIA memorial wall and
talked about his inaugural crowds this
is just a culmination of his
increasingly erratic behavior and of
course this occurs a week after he stood
up next to the Russian president and
took the Russian president side in a
dispute with America's intelligence
agencies and of course then forced his
national director of intelligence Dan
Coates to kowtow publicly apologized and
essentially humiliate himself at the
feet of the leader so this is again this
president's continuing abuse of power
his his is his authoritarian instinct a
full use here it is a warming to say the
least I'm Steve let me play for you the
president's recent attacks this seems
like something that was building up in
him and really just came spilling out
today let's watch the president
Jeff Glor of CBS News ticking off some
of these people and what he was mad
about do you think any intelligence
agencies US intelligence agencies are
out to get you well certainly in the
past it's been terrible you look at
Brennan you look at clapper you look at
Hayden you look at Comey I have no
confidence in a guy like Brett and I
think he's a total lowlife I have no
confidence in clapper you know clapper
wrote me a beautiful letter when I first
went to office and it was really nice
and then all of a sudden he's gone
haywire because they got to him and they
probably got him to say things that
maybe he doesn't even mean but no I
certainly don't have confidence in past
people you look at what's happened take
a look at all of the shenanigans that
have gone on very hard to have
confidence in that group I'm Steve
Schmidt there's two more piece of
information to throw at you and then and
then take it away but during the most
controversial and and really devastating
periods politically after the Iraq war
took some of its you know most botched
turns there was never an effort I talked
to three former of our former colleagues
no one was ever stripped of their
security clearances for being harsh
critics of the Iraq war this has never
happened before were critics of a
subsequent administration take away the
security clearances of the one that
preceded it no matter how harsh the
political debate comes and I heard the
president say something there that
struck me somebody got to them well I've
heard from people inside the president's
inner circle who are saying I think
maybe somebody got to him I mean there
are people who have always been
skeptical the collusion question when it
comes to Donald Trump but I've always
thought well he might have obstructed
justice because he's sloppy and he's
messy and he's used to family
mom-and-pop business operations there
now openly wondering not in front of
television cameras but but in
conversations whether there might be
something there on this collusion
question your thoughts
well will you diagram the president's
rantings right there what what jumps out
of course is his allegation of nefarious
conspiracy they got to him like an
episode from the x-files this is not the
musings
of a sound mind this is the rantings of
somebody who seems unhinged frankly but
the allegation of conspiracy which fuses
together with his scapegoating of
minority populations and of course his
victimization of his supporters that
they're all being victimized together by
this hidden conspiracy that works for
the purposes of the elites against the
victim class that is supported by
minority populations the invading hordes
of Guatemalan children for example this
is all part of his schtick that he
repeats over and over again from his
mass rallies where he lies constantly to
that TV interview and no doubt tonight
on Fox News there will be all manner of
allegations of conspiracy that will
contextualize the they got to him and
make it make sense to 40% of the country
for whom Trump has stripped away any
ability that they have to see objective
truth in fact and of course that's
alarming in a democracy
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
