turn to the markets you know we must
cover them because we've got explosive
stories all day long and the doubt is
one of them
plunging more than 600 points yesterday
erasing gains wait for it for the entire
year and the markets are open they are
back up here you are we're just six
minutes into the trading day and the
market is up 141 that's enough to give
you a stomachache
joining me now my dear friend of risk
reversal advisors principal and CNBC
contributor Dan Nathan dr. Nathan what
is going on well listen that's not a
great bounce after yesterday's declined
by any means I think investors were
looking at corporate earnings last night
we had some good ones Microsoft had a
beat raised visa talking about consumer
spending beat and a raise both of those
stocks are trading up but that really
results in the hundred and thirty points
in the mic in the Dow Jones Industrial
Average is gained today after a massive
decline so the volatility that we've
seen has really been in the last month
and it really has to do with concerns
about global growth okay that's concerns
about rising interest rates we heard the
president talk about that all the time
and then I think there's got to be some
uncertainty about the midterms and I
think that you know we've got to go back
in time at the midterms we see this sort
of price action before you know
elections ones that are very divisive
and so at the end of the day you know
you said we're flat on the year that's
what the result of these gains have been
at one point the Dow was up 10% now it's
up just a very little bit that's much
better than the rest of the world
european stocks are down 10% asian
stocks are down at least 10% the chinese
shanghai composites down 20% so if you
think about what's going on here
we've just given back some of these
early gains it's no time to panic I
think what the market unchanged with all
this uncertainty and we're likely to get
more clarity over the flash midterms
uncertainty affect the markets in such a
way it's not like oh if you go
Republican the market will go up if you
actually look historically when a
Democratic president is in office we
have a better jobs picture you have a
stronger economy not to say that
deregulation isn't good for business but
the idea that oh if Republicans don't
hold this what will the market that's
nonsense not all Democrats are anti free
markets that's obscure the stock market
traded great under eight years of Obama
think about it so I think the issue
there has to do with the fact that you
know a lot of the market gains since the
election came because of deregulation
because of the promise of tax cuts for
corporations so when you think about
that you know there's a lot of kind of
there's a lot that needs to be pulled
forward here why do you think the
president is already talking about a
middle-class tax cut wasn't the tax cut
last year supposed to be for the working
class wasn't it supposed to be middle
class no what do they mean they're gonna
do it now while Congress isn't even in
session which makes absolutely no sense
which I want to share with you something
that stuck out Jim Cramer obviously
CNBC's mad money your friend and mine he
said this two nights ago about the Trump
administration take a listen the two men
with the most influence over the stock
market in the world the president and
the Fed chief are engaged in a totally
destructive tug of war where both sides
are wrong that's right President Trump
and Fed Chairman Jerome Powell have
staked out opposite sides of the economy
and the real loser is you do you agree
with that I mean Jay Powell is raising
interest rates which is what we thought
he would do the mark m√¢che Powell is
listening to the president who says the
economy is stronger than ever actually
if he's listening to new economics
enthusiast Laura Lee Trump who now likes
to talk about the economy on Fox News
then you would see interest rates rise
and you also would want interest rates
to rise to create a cushion if we head
into a recession that's the exact point
I mean I think Jim is correct I mean
when Jim is speaking he's speaking for
the everyday investor out there and and
and I think he's correct in that regard
but I don't think Jay Powell is wrong
Jay Powell is probably not listening to
a lot of this barrage from the president
he's being scapegoated right because
he's basically tying what's going on not
the economy tying what's going on in the
market to what Jay Powell is doing and
it's really important for your viewers
to understand the markets the same less
than fifty percent of the US population
even owns a stock when the president
gets up there in town said is he
forgetting that those forgotten
Americans his base don't own many stocks
right well the real issue is this right
he keeps touting wage growth wage growth
adjusted for inflation is actually not
rising
when you think about that you think
about what's going on in the economy
right now you think about this talk
about lowering taxes for the middle
class those are all things that may need
to be done but not as larry cudlow says
the economic boom is never going to end
you know 12 days ago so I guess the
point is it's like let's leave something
in the tank they're raising rates like
you just said so they can get to a point
the Fed Funds rate is at two and a
quarter percent you know what it was
when the stock market and the economy
topped out no eight it was five in the
quarters percent you know where it was
in 2000 when the economy in the stock
market topped out six and a quarter
percent both times in 2000 they went
down to 1% and then in 2008 they went
down to zero okay and so now we're just
coming off of this period of
accommodative monetary policy that's
been unprecedented we have this epic
epic you know rise since the financial
crisis so to me they got to leave a
little in the tank that's that negative
bias that's something anti
administration that's Dan Nathan
covering the markets giving you facts
about the economy and again as always
Sarah Sanders likes to talk about the
economy Ivanka Trump likes to talk about
the economy and now large don't like to
talk about the economy I invite you to
join me any day here on MSNBC at 9:00
a.m.
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
