new late-night Twitter target mr.
early-morning for you you woke up to all
these weird tweets this time the
president aimed his all caps tweets
squarely at Iran quote listen to this
one never ever threaten the United
States again or you will suffer
consequences the likes of which few
throughout history have ever suffered
before we are no longer a country that
will stand for your demented words of
violence and death
be cautious president was successful in
changing the narrative to focus on this
spat with Iran and not talk about
Michael Cohen but guess what mr.
president we haven't forgotten about
Michael Cohen but in this case the
president's tweet seemed to be a
response to Iran's president calling out
trump by name and warning quote war with
Iran would be the mother of all wars
this new distraction comes just as the
president and his advisors are batting
down a host of controversies I mean
think about this we're coming off
walk-back week we're coming off the
michael cohen the president's own lawyer
taping him so i mean there's a lot all
right there's the fallout from the
helsinki summit to in which the
president seemed to pander to Vladimir
Putin more fury when he half-heartedly
walked back those comments a couple of
times then the president's own Director
of National Intelligence was caught off
guard on live TV awkwardly learning that
another Putin meeting is in the works
for which he has now put out some
statement that seems to have been
dictated by the White House and of
course as you mentioned Stephanie
there's Michael Cohen secret recording
of then candidate Trump discussing a
payment to Playboy model Karen McDougal
and by the way this is just after he had
the fights with Europe and with NATO and
with Germany and with England and now
suddenly Iran is center stage corrects
himself for what he said in front of
Putin then he changes that again over
the weekend NBC's Jeff Bennett is live
at the White House a national security
analyst Evelyn Farkas Jeff let's start
with you what is the White House saying
about the president's new focus on Iran
because it does echo Mike Pompeo s
comments just yesterday it's a great
point Steph because look if you take the
tweet by itself it's all caps tweet from
the president it reads like fire and
fury 2.0 it's a kind of seemingly
reckless language the president used
against North Korea before he ultimately
sat down with kim jeong-hoon but if you
put it in the context of what Mike
Pompeo said the secretary of state
blasting Iran's religious leaders as
hypocritical holy men comparing them to
the Mafia well then you get the early
contours of what the administration
officials are referring to as a maximum
pressure campaign designed to bring Iran
to the negotiation table it's also true
though that this loose talk about Iran
could be seen as a way for the president
to push past the criticism that he
kowtow to Russian President Vladimir
Putin in Helsinki last week now we asked
the White House press secretary Sarah
Sanders about that earlier this morning
here's what she said the president tried
to change the subject from Russia to
Iran is that part of the purpose of his
tweet today no I think the president has
the ability unlike a lot of those in the
media to actually focus on more than one
issue at a time and certainly we know
that the media is obsessed with speaking
about all Russia all the time but the
president's focused on a lot of things
that are taking place across the globe
and Iran is one of them and Sanders has
a point because if the president was
trying to push past the Russia incident
well he's still tweeting about it
suggesting date today that he gave
nothing to Vladimir Putin gave up
nothing even though it's still a week
out from this summit and we still don't
have a readout about what the two talked
about in their private meetings
definitely so Evelyn when when Stephanie
was giving a bit in the background here
we used the word distraction the reason
I do that is because the the Iran deal
the joint comprehensive plan of action
was designed to put a lid on a pot that
was simmering right by everybody a
little time calm it down get Iran back
into the into the world trading
agreement and and sort of figure out a
way and maybe they'd settle down there's
no reason for us to be talking about war
with Iran it's it's a it's a dangerous
distraction but that's why we're calling
it a distraction it's not an urgent
matter that put itself up on the top of
the agenda except for the fact that
America decided to pull out of the Iran
deal right I mean Ali and Stephanie you
know we weren't even paying attention to
Iran it's true that the Iranians are
under pressure internally and in part
it's because of our administration's
policy visa avi the
the nuclear deal the jcpoa the joint
agreement but you know we might not have
noticed except for the fact that our
president decided to kind of take this
verbal brinksmanship approach towards
Iran which as you said earlier we've
seen before the Iranians are under
pressure there are demonstrations
ongoing because of the the devaluing of
their currency and there are also in the
South some water scarcity issues so the
people in Iran are kind of putting the
pressure on the government and sure I
don't have a problem with putting
pressure on Iran in order to get them
back to the negotiating table but we
shouldn't be in this situation with Iran
to begin with because we really need to
deal with the urgent issue which is
Russia and what it's doing right now to
interfere in our democracy as well as
normally yes that exact point what we
need to focus on Russia and the cyber
attack that took place in 2016 and the
threat that continues today is what are
being delivered in the early hours of
this morning a classic Trump move like
he did with Kim jong-un creates all of
this drama find a way to get them to the
negotiating table and then take credit
for getting them settled down that's
what he did with kim jeong-hoon are we
walking into that again if you tweeted
about this in 2011 actually the
president tweeted about this specific
thing he said president obama is gonna
start a war with iran and then take
credit for ending it or something like
that do we have that tweet well go ahead
Evelyn no I was just gonna say
unfortunately it's it's all backwards
with this administration the president
is waking the country up at 3:00 a.m.
you know scaring the bejesus out of us
instead of you know the other way around
whereby some other countries creating a
real crisis our president's
manufacturing the crisis and scaring us
and then pretending to solve it Jeff at
this point is the president just trying
to get off of the topics of last week
because he in that tweet storm overnight
he was still talking about Michael Cohen
he was talking about Amazon he was
talking about the post office I mean he
was just carrying on about different
issues all week it's not a focused
approach to to getting us all on to a
different topic no it's not a focused
approach Ali and you mentioned the
tweets he sent about Michael Cohen about
the FISA warrants for Carter Paige the
president also tweeting about North
Korea
suggesting that the reports that suggest
that he's upset about the lack of
progress in North Korea aren't true
although I'm told that he has in fact
been fuming to AIDS privately that the
North Koreans have really been blowing
off the us as the these negotiations
continue have the Secretary of State
returning to the region trying to win
some concessions in exchange for the
propaganda win that the president
inadvertently gave to Kim so to your
point you're right this is not a really
concerted effort to really turn the page
the president is really scattershot and
the things he's talking about on his
Twitter feed today
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
