vice-president pence is touring the
country promoting the President's agenda
focusing on the big tax cuts and a
number C's touting certainly sound good
here's a vice president this weekend in
Chattanooga Tennessee since President
signed our tax cut into law got a little
bit of good news that came along is that
more than six million Americans have
already received bonuses or pay raises
or bigger benefits even before all the
tax cuts have gone into effect I was
told coming in today 56,000 workers
across Tennessee have already received a
pay raise or a bonus following the
president's tax cuts six million
Americans and 56 thousand in Tennessee
with a pay raise or a bonus thanks to
the tax law that sounds very good
let's give you the total numbers six
million of the total US labor force of
161 million people is just three point
seven percent who saw any kind of
increase in pay or a bonus and as for
the 56,000 in Tennessee that is less
than two percent of the state's
workforce seeing more money in their
paychecks in fact overall wages are down
people are working longer hours for less
money
inflation is rapidly on the rise and the
average consumer is bracing for an
increase in their groceries thanks to
the president's brewing trade war if
there ever was a time that the US
workers needed a pay raise it's now
joining me now is the chair of the
Council of Economic Advisers kevin has
it Kevin 50% of Americans and I'm not
talking just Republicans I mean all
Americans feel good about the way the
president is handling the economy the
economy is a winning argument for this
administration why would the
administration wage a trade war and risk
losing it well I think that what we're
in is a trade negotiation or a trade
reform you know I think that in fact the
president has probably more support
amongst Democrats and Republicans within
the view that the trade deals need to be
renegotiated be better for American
workers and he's working hard to do that
we've got a bunch of Europeans coming
here this week and so I think that in
the end what's going to happen is the
other countries that have big barriers
to our
sports are gonna lower them because the
president's going to negotiate better
deals but you're right that at this time
right now what you're seeing mostly is
uncertainty and that uncertainty is a
little bit rattling for markets and
something to keep an eye on was we watch
the economic data roll in finally the
last thing I wanted to do is come back a
little bit at you on the wages because I
think the best measure of wages is the
employment Cost Index the ECI and over
the last three months they that's
increased at an average rate which you
know if you extrapolate it for the rest
of the year would be four percent wage
growth which is really impressive it so
I think that you know the anecdote that
the vice president gave is starting soon
in the data as well provides rerolls
we're not arguing that executives
they're making Bank I'm talking about
low-wage workers and if you look at the
ba there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
