now we've got former NATO supreme Allied
commander now chief international
security and diplomacy analyst for NBC
News and MSNBC retired four-star Navy
admiral James Servetus admiral great to
have you with us this weekend rouhani
made a statement the president came back
and he went full Trump you should never
go full Trump but he went full Trump
promising fire in fury against Iran
there you go see it all caps full Trump
never go full Trump I'm wondering what
what our allies again I hate to keep
repeating the questions but things do
keep getting worse he insulted our NATO
allies now he's suggesting war with Iran
six months after he suggested war with
North Korea before giving North Korea
the summit that they had wanted for 40
years what do you make of the
president's latest threats of war well
to put it in the movie context Joe we
need we really need less fast and
furious and more the Cool Hand Luke he's
got to settle down
and I think he miss learned from the
North Korea experience as all of us do
at times he kind of did the whole fire
and fury number on Kim Jong on he thinks
that's what brought Kim jong-un to the
bargaining table I would argue there's a
number of other factors including
China's role that brought Kim jong-un to
the table but now we see Kim jong-un was
the Potemkin village of negotiators he's
not going anywhere with those news
however Trump is going to cue up that
technique try and use it on Iran
terrible time to do it because you
absolutely have to have allies partners
and friends if you're going to go into
another war in the Middle East god
forbid so this is probably the worst
moment to use that style and it's not
going to get us anywhere Admiral I
wanted to pick up on work what you're
talking about in terms of allies but
look at America's allies in the Middle
East one of the ways that folks could
look at the president's rhetoric on Iran
right now is that oh this will
you know this is exactly what happened
before he then sat down with North Korea
but Iran is different in the sense that
America's allies in the region do not
want the u.s. to sit down and talk to
Iran or engage Iran diplomatically they
have a very different view unlike China
and South Korea had about North Korea so
how does that impact the president's
move forward and in terms of whether he
can dial this back and it leads to
something other than some sort of
military converse of confrontation now
you're absolutely right to raise that
it's sort of two legs of a partnership
in the Middle East right it's the Sunni
allies led by our close partners in
Riyadh particularly Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman and of course it's
Israel the democracy in the region and
our closest ally partner and friend
interestingly those two are kind of
moving close together but neither of
them is looking for a war with Iran and
I think that where we need to really
watch this is in two dimensions one is
Saudi and Israeli cooperation in
intelligence in missile defense in cyber
and secondly it's the Arabian Gulf
it's that body of water in between Saudi
Arabia and in Iran that is going to be
the potential flashpoint because here's
the punchline and here's what drove that
tweet the Iranians are talking about
closing that waterway and choking off
oil if they are sanctioned if they do
that and they've done it before they did
it in the 80s they did it in the 90s if
they do that can you spell gas prices
rising and disruption in the oil markets
that's what's causing this visceral
reaction from President Trump and it is
a very dangerous game of chicken to be
playing so Admiral so we see from the
president this kind of contrast for this
conflict internally he wants more
conflict he's bellicose and he rattles
it has say I'm saber at the same time he
takes fewer efforts and fewer pains to
keep our allies close so what's the
endgame here if we're going into more
conflict and more conflict with fewer
and fewer friends yeah unfortunately
America first is starting to turn into
America alone and it's not just the NATO
piece of it in the NATO summit as we
pointed out it's that g7 summit in
Charlevoix Canada and here's a newsflash
we've got the g20 coming up so now we've
got an opportunity to break relations
not only with the seven leading
economies in the world but the top 20 so
as a strategy it is fraught and it will
not succeed and at the end of the day
the greatest strength this country has
is that network of alliances
partnerships and friendships around the
world it's a hollow strategy that
Murrell an admiral one more time this
weekend Donald Trump once again denied
that Russia interfered with a 2016
election why me if you're if you're Dan
coats if you're I mean if if you're
Geena Haspel if you're in the Intel
community what do you do just keep
putting out statements letting the world
know what the world already knows that
the president United States is lying I
think that's true for almost everybody
but I'm gonna say that senator former
ambassador Dan coats for whom I have a
lot of respect I've worked with him for
over a decade known him a long time but
I think he's in a special category he's
the head of that intelligence community
that's what the Director of National
Intelligence was established to do was
to kind of be the leader of the band and
when the president goes after that
entire community I think that ambassador
coats senator coats director coats ought
to be thinking quite seriously about
resigning that's a personal decision for
him I know he's in it to serve the
country but he's been undermined at
every turn and you have to ask yourself
when does your self-respect light go on
well and and again the president has
lied repeatedly over the past week he
then reversed his lie when he get caught
lying then he reversed back and started
lying again seemed to reverse back and
now again lying again about the
intelligence community lying about what
everybody knows lying about what you
could actually get probably get all
courts in America to take judicial
notice about it is not a question in any
rational person's mind that Vladimir
Putin and the Russians interfered in the
2016 election everybody knows it even
Donald Trump but it just keeps lying but
Sam absolutely yep absolutely correct
all right
the fundamental problem is how our
allies looking at that head spinning
series of reversals Jo it undermines
confidence globally domestic actions
have international consequences and they
can lead to war it's a dangerous moment
such a jet dangerous time Admiral thank
you as always we appreciate it and
coming up next the president falls out
with his former fixer lashing out at
Michael Cohen over the weekend for
taping that conversation about a former
Playboy models payoff if Cohen was on
the fence about flipping the president
may have pushed him over for good we'll
talk about all of that and the
consequences not only for the Southern
District of New York
case against Cohen and possibly the
president but also the Muller
investigation coming up on Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
