thing one tonight it's hard out there
for a trump supporter looking for love
which is why we've seen a rise in dating
websites for Trump fans they share a lot
in common these sites like Trump dating
featuring the tagline make dating great
again which features photos of people
who are supposedly Trump supporters but
are really quote couples standing in
Times Square quarter by night free to
download from the stock photo website
shutterstock and there's Trump singles
calm their tagline is making dating
great again and the people they pretend
are Trump's words and love are actually
young couple having dinner at a
restaurant 33 dollars from iStockphoto
just yesterday a brand new Trump dating
app entered the scene it's called Donald
daters and they're making America date
again because apparently we stopped
dating as for their photo well you can
tell me if they look like Trump
supporters but we do know that some real
people signed up for Donald daters and
how we know that is thing two in 60
seconds
a brand new dating app launched
yesterday it's called Donald daters
which is sadly necessary according the
founder because quote many on the Left
choose party over love heartbreaking and
true the testimonials on the website are
glowing meeting people is hard enough on
regular dating apps so being able to
find a Republican match is a big deal
for me says Lance Jae from Michigan
apparently it's like Trump version of
tinder swipe right if you want to lock
her up slight left to build that wall
and don't worry all your personal
information is kept private yeah about
that last part someone kind of acted on
the first day quote a security
researcher found issues with the app
that made it possible to download the
entire user database which included
users names profile pictures device type
their private messages ouch and access
tokens which can be used to takeover
accounts the site is scrambling to
implement new security protocols but who
would do something like this to donald
daters the website TechCrunch says the
person who hacked the database is a
French researcher named Elliot Alderson
or it could have been somebody sitting
on their bed that weighs 400 pounds okay
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
