good morning and welcome to morning Joe
it is Monday July 23rd we've got three
big stories this morning each with a
direct line to the next first president
Trump screaming over Twitter last night
I mean he's been screaming all weekend
but last night it was screaming instead
of screaming about Republican judges he
was screaming about the Republican Guard
and his threat to wipe out Iran now as
we've seen in the past he always dials
up his rhetoric on foreign policy when
things start falling apart here at home
in this case it is of course the news at
his longtime lawyer Michael Cohen
recorded a conversation where he and
Donald Trump were scheming and
discussing payments involving a former
Playboy model and that is all playing
out in public also out in the open the
Justice Department's FISA warrant for
the former Trump advisor Carter page
that's been redacted but this line was
clear as day quote the FBI believes that
page has been collaborating and
conspiring with the Russian government
also four Republican judges obviously
thought there was something there with
us we have MSNBC contributor Mike
Barnicle national affairs analyst for
NBC News and MSNBC John Heilemann
political writer for the New York Times
and MSNBC political analyst Nick
confessori national political reporter
for NBC News Cara Lee editor-in-chief of
law fair Benjamin Witness and New York
Times reporter Michael Schmidt so John
Heilemann
I don't know if Trump supporters digests
Twitter the way I digest Twitter but if
they do these days especially in on
summer weekends they're probably getting
one line into his rantings and there's
like scrolling on when they're done that
but the amount of vitriol the the amount
of just Craig
easiness the the level of unmoored
behavior by the president this weekend
was over-the-top it's always over the
top but if the intensity is picking up
and of course it ended with him talking
about fire and fury coming to Iran is
this is this a president who is feeling
even more cornered than usual because of
the michael cohen tapes well i'd it's
hard to judge exactly how cornered he
feels relative to other times he's felt
cornered but I will say that on Friday
when the michael cohen story broke my
first thought was there's gonna be a lot
of all-caps this weekend and you know
that we saw we saw a lot all caps it's a
weekend on a variety of topics and and
as you pointed out Joey he you know he
often you know foreign policy has become
a place that he is a refuge for him and
it you know it's a little strange there
was a period a moment a brief moment
after the the summit in Singapore where
with get with Kim jong-eun where you
know the notion that he had engaged in
this incredibly heated bellicose
rhetoric with respect to North Korea had
somehow paid dividends and somehow
driven North Korea to the table where he
could make the argument in his own kind
of demented way that that kind of
brinksmanship had paid off given the way
things are going in North Korea right
now it's not so clear that there's
anything you could point to even again
in Donald Trump's tenuous logic that
that suggests that hey this kind of
brinksmanship this kind of firing up the
rhetoric this kind of exclamatory
behavior is gonna pay off on the foreign
policy stage but I think at heart right
that this is again one of the many
diversions that he tried to throw up
over the weekend places where anything
that's not discussion of Russia and
anything that's not a discussion of his
sex life is in his view good for
business yeah Mike Barnicle
speaking of Russia the lies just
continue they again I'm talking about I
know everybody goes oh we have to
understand the Trump voter who's the
Trump voter we can't be disrespectful of
the Trump voter I know a lot of people
who were Trump voters got a lot of
friends who were Trump voters it's got
family members who were Trump voters
but even they cannot believe the
bald-faced lies the obvious lies the
third grade level lies the stupidity
that can it come through in these in
these tweets where the president has
gone back this weekend and now said that
Putin didn't try to interfere in the
2016 election so Obama knew what Russia
was doing before the election why didn't
he do something about it why didn't tell
our campaign because it's all a big hoax
that's why and he thought crooked
Hillary was going to win so Donald Trump
again talking about how what are for
Intel agencies have all told them all of
his appointees have told them that
Russia did try to interfere in the
election but here he is once again
playing stooge playing dupe for Vladimir
Putin and the former Soviet spy yeah he
had a tough week it was a week of double
negatives and retractions and apologies
and not apologies but then coming back
with other explanations
Carter page a very unstable person
involved the FBI involved the misleading
tweet about what the FBI was doing
surveilling Carter page all of that
capped off last night by what you just
mentioned initially Jo at the top of the
show 11:30 p.m. last night all caps you
know you better watch out Iran or
something will happen to you this never
happened before in the history of the
world whatever he said unfortunately
yeah I I think I think it kind of works
for him with this constituents it's a
great deflection but I think I might but
Mike I mean you can only hand the rose
to the wrong woman so many times and
while you're lying to the other one I
like after a while people like ABC can't
do that at the end of this season again
Donald Trump does view this as a reality
show but I'm telling you it's my job to
read his stupid tweets even when they're
lies I just I just a white white why and
I've gotten to the point where why
bother
I'll just read what the news says about
the stupid tweets cuz I'm not gonna
waste my time that's not out of anger
but I mean we had a I've seen it a
thousand times before and I'm just
saying if I'm feeling that way
I even Trump supporters have got to
start feeling that way yeah he's gonna
lie he's gonna go in all caps it's all
nonsense he's just speaking to himself
but you have to define what you just
said
what does after a while mean I mean
we're 1819 months into his presidency
and we continue to read these sweets on
TV giving them enormous exposure
enormous airtime what does how long is
after a while I don't know you know I it
maybe Nick confess Ori after the
Democrats win big in the fall I don't
know you know the Republicans more
Republican support Donald Trump now than
they ever have which means that more you
know 71% to 80% of Republicans said they
liked the the sight of Donald Trump
cozying up to a KGB spy and and
appearing to be his dupe 71 to 80
percent of Republicans say they liked
Donald Trump basically doing the bidding
of Putin undermining u.s. foreign policy
for the fat past 50 years and picking up
what was Soviet policy for 50 years who
knows maybe that's the Republican Party
or maybe it's just blind brand loyalty
either way I don't think that drives
people of the polls in November well Joe
I know much sure I think that what's
happened here is that political
tribalism in the United States has
overwhelmed the concept of a national
interest separate from a political
interest or a party's interest it has
taken over everything and just one
fact-check by the way so President Trump
actually was warned as soon as he became
the nominee he was warned about
potential Russian efforts to penetrate
his campaign
he appears to have ignored those
warnings and of course this morning with
the tweets on Iran
it's the promo for season 9 of The
Bachelor you know at the very end of
season 8 he's kind of getting his timing
wrong I think yeah it's as a classic
effort to distract everybody on the
other hand if you're a ran you're
probably feeling pretty good right now
because the last time he threatened fire
and fury to a country the final step was
a really nice sit-down in which the
other country got the better of the deal
I mean if you're a run right now and
you're this morning you're looking at
these tweets
everybody's high-fiving and you're like
back the Brinks truck up to the White
House because he does this first before
he gives away the bank which is exactly
what he did to North Korea they won't
even meet with our Secretary of State
they go out and start picking potatoes
with potato farmers Minh stead of
meeting with Pompeo when he goes over
there because they Trump gave them
everything they wanted in the first
meeting now thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
