if you would be elected as a president
what will be a foreign policy politic
especially in the relationships with my
country and do you want to continue the
politics of sanctions that are damaging
of both economy or you have any other
ideas I believe I would get along very
nicely with Putin okay and I mean will
we have the strength I don't think you'd
need the sanctions I think that we would
get along very very well The Voice you
heard questioning then candidate Donald
Trump in 2015
belongs to alleged Russian agent Maria
butanna who is currently being held
without bail charged with conspiracy and
acting as an agent of a foreign
government she allegedly tried to
infiltrate Republican circles including
the NRA
in an effort to advance a pro-kremlin
agenda Russian Foreign Minister Sergey
Lavrov is demanding that boots and to be
released saying that the charges against
her were quote fabricated but so far the
NRA well they've been
uncharacteristically quiet and joining
me now is Brandon Wolfe spokesperson for
no NRA money and a survivor of the pulse
nightclub shooting and Shannon watts a
founder of moms demand action for gun
sense in America thank you both for
being here before I get to my guests I
just want to let you all know that about
30 minutes ago the Washington Post
reported now that ms butanna the russian
woman charged in federal court last week
with acting as an unregistered agent of
her government received financial
support from constantine nikolayeva
russian billionaire with investments in
US energy and technology companies
according to a person familiar with the
testimony that she gave Senate
investigators she told Senate
Intelligence Committee and April Boonton
it did that Nikolai have provided
funding for her gun rights group that
she represented Wilson for Nikolaev
confirmed that he was in contact with
her as she was launching the pro-gun
rights group in Russia between 2012 and
2014 and it turns out that ms butanna
who basically kind of founded the gun
rights movement in russia which is very
small was very much active in American
politics Shannon you tweeted that
despite the fact that the NRA has been
awfully vocal including referring to
your organization's volunteers and I
hate to read this out loud on
Sunday as pastors might be watching the
show as dry-humping it's word that
starts with W sorry pastors it's my
favorite Dana insult better insult to
her mom's a man drinks box wine in her
driveway
they've been very mundane they're not
shy why do you suppose they've been so
absolutely quiet about this unfolding
scandal regarding involvement with
Russia yeah that's a good one the NRA
really does specialize in ad hominem
attacks but you know they have spent the
last year as an organization especially
their leadership saying that this
Russian investigation was a hoax and
that there was no collusion and getting
into not just the the gun rights aspect
of it but really the whole Trump
administration aspect of it which is not
their specialty and yet ever since this
story broke about Bhootnath they have
been absolutely silent and look we know
that the the NRA leadership traveled to
Moscow we know that they met with
Kremlin officials we know that they
hosted an alleged Russian agent at their
annual meetings so they need to come
clean they need to talk about this and
they need to answer questions the walls
are closing in on the NRA and it's time
for them to be honest about what their
relationship is with not just booting up
but Russia generally hey you know I'm
branding you you know obviously survived
yourself a massacre that involved guns
you've heard I'm sure over and over
again the argument that what could have
stopped something like what happened in
the pulse nightclub or more people with
guns ms butanna and her group seem to
have bought into that part of the nra
SFIL aasif ii even though there is no
right to bear arms in russia she founded
an organization called right to bear
arms in the process almost
single-handedly inventing Russia's gun
rights movement / the New Republic
she and her allies see guns as genuinely
useful social tools an alternative to
living in a state of permanent suspicion
in Russia what do you make of this idea
that you've got this parallel effort to
create the same kind of fervor for
firearms in Russia that we have in the
United States you know what I make of it
is gun manufacturers are very happy
lissa you know joy I always better or
worse tell it exactly like it is so I'm
going to
that today the the NRA and similar
efforts are a radioactive cancer in
American politics today the the NRA this
is not the first time that the NRA has
totally forsaken the American people a
long time ago they sold out their
membership in favor of gun manufacturer
money it's not the first example it's it
this Russian saga is another on a long
list of instances when the NRA has
chosen money and greed over the lives of
American people I would encourage
everyone today while you're watching log
on to know NRA Money org find out if
your politician has agreed to take the
pledge to not take NRA donations and I
would encourage every single person in
this country to say loud and clear that
we are tired of electing politicians
whose side in favor of the gun lobby and
their money over American lives it is
absolutely ridiculous that we're having
a conversation about an American
organization that prides themselves as
some sort of group of hunting
enthusiasts that really is acting as an
arm for the gun manufacturers in
Washington DC and any efforts across the
world to mimic that behavior is is
abhorrent so you know I just I would
encourage people watching today to use
your voice to be heard and to reject the
gun lobby and gun manufacturers in
general and Chanin not even just to
mimic as Brandon said the same sort of
attitude toward guns in the United
States in rutte in a place like Russia
but also been to in in Reverse be a
conduit for money and influence from
that foreign government into nine states
I have a graphic here we're gonna put it
up on the screen as well that just shows
all the tentacles of where Maria butanna
was able to access not just on the
Russian side but also obviously Donald
Trump his son Donald Trump jr. I want to
really quickly play you John Bolton who
right now is the national security
adviser of the United States speaking to
ms buton his group and I believe this
was back in 2013
well more time has passed since the
United States created
our own constitutional freedoms we never
forget the joyful optimism that mark the
beginning of our democratic history we
wish our Russian friends that same hope
and pray for you the strength to
preserve these first precious freedoms
and as we now show Vince butanna with
Governor Scott Walker who ran for
president Bobby Jindal who was thought
of as a presidential contender former
senator Rick Santorum should it does the
narrative now that Chanin you and
Brandon and others the Parkland kids
have been really trying to get the
American people to focus on about the
influence of the gun lobby in the United
States does that now need to be expanded
to the idea that they also are a conduit
for foreign influence in America's
elections what we do know that that the
NRA is encouragement of guns for anyone
anywhere anytime no questions asked has
bled into countries like Canada and
Mexico and others but in terms of Russia
the idea that Putin is going to allow
unfettered access to guns is somewhat
absurd this was a front this was just a
way for Putin to infiltrate the highest
levels of the NRA I think that Russia
looked at the landscape of America and
saw that gun extremism was an easy way
to get into the American electoral
landscape undetected and that looks like
it's exactly what they did and in terms
of John Bolton you know he became a part
of the NRA 's International Affairs
subcommittee in 2011 he made that video
in 2013 for Boonton his organization and
we now know that he has invited we
believe he's invited Putin to the White
House now in the fall so there are a lot
of tentacles there that are very
concerning that span the NRA and Russia
and the Trump administration and you
know Brandon your organization no NRA
money org has really been focused on
trying to get people to tie the the
donations of the NRA
to the activities of specific candidates
and by the way as I mentioned the
Foreign Ministry of Russia has now got a
social media campaign to try to free MS
butanna does this narrative now become a
part of your narrative against
politicians like Ted Cruz and others
who've taken a lot of NRA money that
it's not just about the domestic issues
it's now also about Russia gate well
listen again I think I would bring us
back to this
this notion that you know this is not
the first time that the NRA has really
acted against the will and the safety of
the American people that's a reason that
the NRA needs to be removed from this
conversation that their money needs to
be removed from American politics u.s.
politicians who allow the NRA to do
really potentially criminally treasonous
things in this country and still accept
donations from them and still do their
bidding and Congress are complicit in
moments like this they're complicit in
decades of real instances where the NRA
has has worked against the safety of
American people I think you have to
wonder if the NRA gave 30 million
dollars to Donald Trump and he you know
bragged after the Parkland shooting
about being able to move quickly on guns
to do something about universal
background checks to do something about
banning bump stocks but he was unable to
you have to wonder how much of that is
truly the NRA s influence and their
ability to block any sort of gun safety
legislation to make this country safer a
majority of Americans in this country
believe that we need to do something
differently with gun safety and gun
safety legislation but the reality is
that gun manufacturers have purchased
the NRA Russian foreign agents have
purchased the NRA and they're now acting
as a lobbying group in Washington DC and
they are truly making us worse off place
to be than if they didn't have any
influence in American politics at all
Brandon wolf and Shannon Watts thank you
both on for your time this morning
really appreciate you and coming up a
former director of the CIA responds to
Donald Trump's ongoing attack on the
American intelligence community that is
next
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
