so I don't know about you but we here at
ma am joy our heads have been spinning
with the non-stop barrage of news this
week so I turn to our in-house expert at
making sense of all things madness
Rachel Maddow host of the Rachel Maddow
Show here on MSNBC all right Rachel
Maddow I feel like we have spent the
last two years doing one story right
wondering a lot of one's story right
doing a lot of different angles on this
one story and we keep in a way getting I
feel tricked into thinking okay Turning
Point
Turning Point yeah Turning Point things
keep feeling like a turning point so I
wonder from your point of view having
done this again two years did Helsinki
feel like a turning point in this Russia
saga the thing that feels new after
Helsinki is that the countries shook up
and freaked out about it I mean the
president being oddly and inexplicably
and completely deferential to Vladimir
Putin is not new if he had been anything
other than that it would have been a big
surprise right yes there is something
about him doing that in to Putin's face
yeah rather than presumably just on his
bat phone with him or however it is pick
up in constant phone communication which
is what we hear from the Russian side
but there's something about the fact
that he did that in person standing next
to Putin that shook the country yeah and
I think I don't think Republicans are
excluded from that and so I think what
that means is that the president is not
necessarily doing anything new but all
of a sudden the country has new clarity
about the extremity of the concern about
the president it's not just did the
president get help from Russia to win
his election yes he did how much
documentation is there and what kind of
evidence will ultimately turn up about
whether his campaign knowingly and
knowingly accepted that help or maybe
worked collectively with the Russians in
order to pull off their hack that we
continued to be the legal battle that we
watch unfold but there's this base level
question like maybe we've taken so many
turning points we've turned so many
corners we're back where we started the
basic question which I think rungs
so loud for everybody in the country
this week was is our president
subordinate to a foreign power does our
president answer to a foreign government
in a foreign leader and that's private
meeting with Putin where nobody knows
what he promised or what he may have
given away the way that he responded to
Putin when we saw him face to face and
then the fact that he took under
consideration all of these demands from
Russia including handing over Americans
to Russia for interrogation that just
you know that it makes the worst-case
scenario really palpable the worst case
scenario that the president is a foreign
agent suddenly feels very pelvic and you
know there were two ways to kind of look
at the way that Donald Trump was
responding Saturday Putin he did seem to
sort of shrink it before our eyes as he
was sitting next to him there are two
ways to look at that either Donald Trump
really is generally ideologically
aligned with Putin's point of view and
that he just shares his worldview and he
couldn't hide it because he shares it or
did put two-year reporters I that look
like intimidation well I don't know I
mean I don't know body language and I
don't know that those two things are
excludes exclusive to each other right
you know the more that I talk to
intelligence professionals and people
who have brought espionage cases and all
that's kind of some people have really
dealt with these spy movie scenarios in
real life the more you hear that the
sort of the behavior of a compromised
person person who is effectively coerced
because of something that a foreign
leader or foreign government for an
intelligence service has over them the
more subtle the signs can be it may not
be totally transactional it may not be
we've got this thing about you that
we're gonna expose unless you do our
bidding and so therefore hand us this
secret it may not always be
transactional it may be that there is
just a fear factor yeah where that
person who is compromised knows they
need to align themselves in every way
completely with the views and the
preferences of the person who has
something on them and so it may be that
they just line up all of their values
their policy positions their ideologies
anything else that you need so that
they're never going to take be out of
step with the person who effectively
controls them you don't need a pay me
back pay me back pay me back
transactional interaction in order to to
live as a compromised person and betray
your country in that way and
the thing and you said it on your show
and I think that they the whole country
agreed with you on this that the thing
that felt different to me was this idea
of handing over an American of handing
over an American diplomat of saying you
can take Michael McFaul and you can
think about oh that's a great that's a
brilliant idea
he called it a he say about to run when
was a tremendous idea or tremendous
alternatives offer yeah a tremendous
offers very fascinating and he not only
praised the offer when he got it the
offer to hand over a former US
ambassador and other American officials
and American citizens to Russia for
interrogation people who Putin very
clearly wants dead not only did he
praise it as this tremendous offer in
the moment in front of Putin he then
came back to Washington and molded over
for four freaking days yeah or he said
no allowing the White House press
secretary to say he's talking it over
with this team yes that conversation was
had yeah he's considering it yeah
ultimately when the president turned
that down on Thursday afternoon yeah it
was still with a compliment to Putin
about the sincerity with which Putin had
made that demand yeah the the depth of
subordination of the President to the
Russian president for whatever reason is
now no longer in question we can just
all see it happening and we don't know
the origin story of how that came to be
but we know what it means to live
through it now with this with with this
dynamic effectively controlling the
president all these incredible offer
which is still incredible offer yeah and
he's gonna now come to the White House
apparently and continue to make
incredible offers that we will maybe
find out about if there are tapes that
in times made in time for the midterms
right so I want to read you a little bit
of the Washington that greg sargent
Washington Post who's great in his you
know writes the morning plum every
morning and he writes about this anger
that you're hearing from the White House
or the alarm inside the White House
which one would guess and presume would
be because of Helsinki but it's actually
because of DNI coats and that the
interview that the Director of National
Intelligence mr. Coates gave to our own
Andrea Mitchell has alarmed Donald
Trump's advisers they were in an uproar
over coats's interview in Aspen Colorado
this is the optics were especially
damaging noting that mote from about at
moments coats appear to be laughing at
the president playing to his audience of
the intellectual elite
in a manner that was sure to infuriate
Trump KOAT
gone rogue said once senior White House
officials spoke on condition of
anonymity to provide a candid assessment
the going rogue involved asserting that
there were ongoing attacks on our
electoral system and the attack saying
that their attacks on us is going rogue
does that surprise you at this point no
I mean it doesn't surprise me there's
two dynamics at work there that greg
sargent is talking about and one of them
is the president's personal insecurities
and needing to be praised constantly and
his fear of being laughed at and all of
that other sort of personal stuff which
we've seen in action and I'm not a great
believer in putting a putting presidents
on the couch and trying to understand
you know what was your childhood like
made you this way and how does that
affect your Supreme Court choices you
know like I know I'm not that person but
the the other thing that he's talking
about there it's exactly what you said I
mean to the extent that coat
substantively went rogue on the Friday
before the Helsinki summit he gave the
speech where he said this is like 9/11
this is the red warning lights blinking
this is we need to be as we need to be
aware that the risk to the country right
now is as strong as the risk was before
9/11 and then he went on to talk about
the Russia threat including ongoing
threat to our democracy in our election
systems now that right before Helsinki
probably the timing there wasn't a
coincidence right but then in his in his
interview with with Andrea I mean he
talked about the need to be cognizant of
the fact that Russia is led by a former
KGB agent and that it's not a good idea
to have a US president meet with a
Russian leader without a note-taker
present and the possibility that the
Russians did create a recording of that
meeting I mean it's it's Intel 101 stuff
it shouldn't be an affront to the
President to hear this kind of stuff
right but it is because of this weird
circumstance that we're in I mean just
on that point of whether or not the
Russians recorded that meeting so Andrew
asked him is it possible the Russians
had a tape recording in there and he
said yeah it's possible
think about what that might mean we
don't know what Trump and Putin talked
about in that room we don't know what
Trump may have conceded or promised or
given away what he might have told him
in terms of US secrets but because we
have to assume the Russians made a
recording there
the Russians not only know what happened
in that room because Putin was there
they have recording that they can
manipulate to their desire right so
whatever they want to make it seem like
Trump said whatever they're going to
take to the bank
when they need to say hey listen the US
president gave us permission to do this
they are absolutely free to doctor that
tape yeah if they need to I mean
whatever trip actually said it's
probably bad enough but whatever they
want to make him say they can
retroactively lis do and there's no
American rebuttal to it because there
were no Americans in that room other
than Trump and the translator to keep
them to keep them honest hopefully the
translator will eventually testify
before Carney so we'll get some idea
about speaking of recordings yes Michael
Cohen just what we thought we are we at
our show planned and Michael Cohen it
turns out recorded from something Trump
was surprised about for some reason
which I am surprised that he would be
surprised yeah what does that story then
do to this overall narrative and we
already have well what is that sort do
to this narrative I have a contrary take
on this story okay
it is definitely of interest that the
president's personal lawyer was at least
was I don't know if he was in the habit
he at least once recorded a conversation
with the president I am interested in
whether or not he waived attorney-client
privilege whether or not that was you
know how that factored into that big
fight that's happening the Southern
District of New York as to what was
seized by federal agents from Cohen's
home and office in his security deposit
box at that safety deposit box and all
that stuff and and whether or not Cohen
asserted privilege on the sub that will
all be interesting to see how that plays
out the reason the story broke in the
New York Times today I am absolutely
convinced is because through the process
of sharing information with the
president's legal team in the Southern
District of New York because this
pending criminal case against Michael
Cohen the president's lawyers decided to
get out of a get out ahead of us they
found out during the process of going
through the evidence that was seized
through Michael Cohen the Presidents
lawyers found out that tape of you
talking about paying Karen McDougal
that's one of the things that the
prosecutors are going to get here that's
one of the things that Michael had and
so I am absolutely convinced I made it
proven wrong but looking at this today I
think this is something that the
president's legal team released to
try to get out ahead of it that's what
we got these bizarre statements from
Rudy Giuliani saying yeah it's fine it's
exculpatory this actually clears the
president for one it shows he wanted to
pay by check like war record they are
trying to do that for two reasons one is
to get out ahead of this story so that
they're the ones who are breaking it on
their own terms and it's not a surprise
bombshell farther down the road when it
could do more damage it also lands at a
time when maybe it puts a final point on
people talking about Russia all week
long let's distract them with this and
it's the other thing that it does is it
takes away Michael Cohen's ability to
negotiate with prosecutors for a good
deal if he flips if this was one of the
really really really potent things he
had to offer prosecutors don't put me in
jail look what I got well now this has
already had its power basically sapped
by the fact that the president and his
legal team have put it out there head
that puts Michael Cohen in a less good
negotiating position in terms of why he
might flip yeah that to me makes much
more sense than you know somebody inside
sdn why I let this go it doesn't seem to
have been leaked from the coincide it
really seems to have been leaked from
the Trump side and they're trying to SAP
the power of whatever is on that
recording well Rachel Maddow I have come
to trust your theories when you say I
did too think it's more often than not I
completely wrong about this I will take
you about four tacos and I will
apologize but I think one of my favorite
foods and so I will take you all because
you're a human being
if you throw some Prosecco in
saint-germain with the taco now I'm sort
of hoping that I'm wrong it was Rachel
not the best yes she's the best coming
up in our next hour the river now also
the best on his conversation with toasts
former lawyer michael cohen ever now
Sharpton coming up next but first more I
am joy
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
