I think the Russians need to know that
there are a lot of us who fully
understand what happened in 2016 and it
really better not happen again welcome
back to am joy after Donald Trump's
Fiasco in Helsinki Republicans found
themselves in a now familiar position
visibly uncomfortable with what the
leader of their party was doing quietly
critical including on background to
reporters but struggling to be anything
other than publicly submissive for fear
of upsetting the die-hard Trump voter
base you just heard Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell trying to talk
tough about warning Russia not to
interfere in our elections this year
let's take a step back to 2016 and
recall that it was McConnell whom Vice
President Joe Biden and others blame for
undercutting the Obama administration's
response to Russian interference in the
2016 election by refusing to sign on to
a bipartisan statement condemning the
interference and reportedly watering
down a letter from congressional leaders
urging states to help protect the
election McConnell of course denies that
he did anything to hamper President
Obama's response and he joined other
Republicans in rebuking Trump for his
submissive performance in Helsinki it
feels like Japan is bright
so it was lots of damage done yesterday
because the u.s. decided to walk away
from an affirmation of US values I think
it was a bad day for the president I
think he can fix it I think he needs to
fix it I never thought I'd see an
American president throw the
intelligence community under the bus
like that but even that day of gentle
criticism didn't last very long
with Republicans racing to latch on to
Trump's incredible claim that he
misspoke at that press conference by
confusing the words would and wouldn't I
think it's a big step forward when
anybody in public life or anybody in
private life admits they made a mistake
it's good to confess it and say you're
sorry I think you know people understand
that it was a painful experience for
women look I think that's a positive
step I'm just glad he clarified it I
don't know I can't read his intentions
or what he meant to say at the time so
right on cue McConnell and fellow
Republicans are giving Trump a get out
of Helsinki free card so will they do
anything at all to defend American
voters against a potential Russian
attack on the next election
joining me now Republican political
consultant sure Michael singleton
Kimberly Atkins of the Boston Herald and
Rick Wilson author of everything Trump
touches dies a Republican strategist
gets real about the worst president ever
a subtle title in which he went for this
sort of low burden you didn't want to be
too ostentatious with it Rick and so I
guess I'll start with you Rick since
I've promoted your book Mitch McConnell
trying to come out and talk tough
against the Russians comes amid the fact
that we have all of this reporting we
have the political article from January
in which Joe Biden said that majority
leader then that majority leader Mitch
McConnell stopped the Obama
administration from speaking about
Russian interference in the 2016
campaign refused to sign on Tobar
partisan statement of condemnation Biden
said he and former President Obama word
that without united front speaking
before the election you know it would
play into the Russians larger ambitions
another piece of reporting former
president of former Obama chief of staff
Denis McDonough saying
point blank that Mitch McConnell watered
down even a bipartisan response trying
to tell secretaries of state to protect
themselves let's play that
the president asked for leaders in a
bipartisan meeting in the Oval Office to
join him and asking the states to work
with us on this question it took over
three weeks to get that statement where
it worked out it was dramatically
watered down you can ask Harry Reid and
Nancy Pelosi even the speak and it was
watered down on the insistence of Mitch
McConnell yes and nobody else yes okay
and third a third little point of
interest here in April 2017 article
saying the CIA which I was just been
reading over and over again this morning
had evidence of Russian efforts to help
Donald Trump specifically to help Donald
Trump you know the FBI disagree that was
specifically for Trump the CIA believed
it was and senator Mitch McConnell of
Kentucky when he was briefed with the
gang of eight the Republican majority
leader resisted questioning the
underpinnings of the intelligence
according to officials with knowledge of
discussions mr. McConnell ultimately
agreed to a softer version of this
letter which did not mention the
Russians but warned of unnamed
malefactors who might seem to disrupt
these the elections
Rick how can mr. McConnell have any
credibility on Russia given all of that
you know I think the the I think Mitch
McConnell probably regrets those
decisions at this point because the
scope of what Russia has done and it's
continuing to do to our country is
becoming clearer by the minute and I'm
gonna give him the small squish of doubt
to say that you know this is an area
where he thought it might have been
political and he thought it might have
had something you know that that wasn't
on the up-and-up and he wanted to ask
the questions however anyone who really
dove into that intelligence then or now
recognizes the scope of this on the plus
side for Mitch McConnell he has not done
what Paul Ryan has done when Paul Ryan
has allowed Devin Nunez and this clown
caucus in the house to weaponize the the
investigations into the FBI as a part of
Trump's legal defense team Mitch
McConnell's kept his hands off the Intel
process in the Senate which has produced
one of the more significant and
substance of analyses of Russia's
influence in 2016 but I will say this
everyone now knows the score no one gets
the pass going forward no one gets a
pass in the last six months because the
Intel community has made it
we clear every single part of the Intel
community is in a hundred percent
agreement that the Russians did this the
Russians wanted this for Donald Trump's
benefit and going forward the Russians
are continuing to put their thumb on the
scale of American politics nobody gets a
pass from here no one gets to say well
there's something questionable about it
or or one person one agency has a
dissenting view this is categorical this
is absolutely night and day and Mitch
McConnell and Paul Ryan both need to
behave that way going forward yeah
you've even had will heard a Republican
from a safe district in Texas come out
and do an op ed he's a former CIA agent
saying Trump's be manipulated by but I
don't repeat and what should we do is
that this is a it is a stalwart
Republican coming out of saying that
and yet Kimberly to Rick's point you do
see a difference between the way the
Senate Intelligence Committee in the
House Intelligence many are handling
that's now knowledge that everyone
should share that Russians interfered
but do you see just in your reporting
any desire on the part of Senate
Republicans to act proactively to defend
the next election against Russian
intrusion we haven't seen efforts to
protect robert muller we certainly don't
see them wanting to do that but are they
still looking at this through a
political lens of protect donald trump
more than protect the election yeah the
short answer to that is no there's been
really no appetite on the part of
Republicans in either chamber of
Congress frankly to put more efforts
into protecting the election systems
giving States more money investing into
cyber protections we haven't seen any of
that and that's something that all it
takes is the word from Mitch McConnell
or Paul Ryan to send bills like that to
the floor that could pass with an
overwhelming veto proof majority if they
wanted to do that as well as protect the
Moller investigation I think what's
protecting the president right now and
his ability to despite the fact that
Republicans are sometimes uncomfortable
with what he does and says like the
Helsinki summit our polls the president
knows that Republicans overwhelmingly or
on his side and that that means that
Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan and other
Republican leaders in Congress are not
going to act in ways that are against
him they're not going to put in place
policies that he doesn't want so
a bill to protect the molar
investigation or to boost election
protections yeah they passed a
condemnation the Senate passed a
condemnation of his of his behavior in
Helsinki or of this of this proposal
that Vladimir Putin had to hand over
Americans and also have essentially
outsourced part of the Moller
investigation to Moscow which was
ridiculous on his face but that's
non-binding it doesn't really do
anything other than sort of shake a
finger at the president that seems to be
as far as they're going to go because
they don't want to lose the support that
the president has overall from the party
that it doesn't speak well you know for
the party itself that the more important
thing is opposed but to the point that
you just made Kimberly here is the Axios
latest poll that says approve or
disapprove of how Trump handled his
press conference in Helsinki overall
disapproval is 58% but Republicans only
18% disapprove 79% even think he did a
great job there which is opposed to
every other group of Americans including
independents and let's play Rand Paul
Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky and then
I'll come to you on this sure Michael
I'm actually saying mmm doesn't matter
you know even if the Russians did it but
we also have to understand that we have
to deal with the world as it is not as
we wish it to be and if we're only going
to talk to people who have perfect
constitutional republics we're gonna
have a very small audience we're gonna
have a lot of potential conflict with no
outlet for diplomacy so no I think the
President did a good thing by meeting
with Putin I think it's a mistake for
people to sort try to try to turn this
into a partisan partisan escapade sure
Michael and your Republican strategy
explained to our audience who are just
gobsmacked that a third of our country
thinks that that meeting went well in
Helsinki and that it isn't a big deal if
Russians interfere in the election well
right I mean I think a lot of
conservatives at least individuals who
voted for the president you have heard
this message of this line time and time
again that yeah he made a mistake here
but look at what we're getting right I
mean earlier you were talking about
evangelicals why do they continue to
stick with the president because they
got one Supreme Court justice they're
likely going to get another so
individuals were looking
tangible things that sort of benefit
them individually over the overall
country and they're saying well I am
getting this or we are getting this so
I'm going to stick with him regardless
look joy I never imagined that the
Russians would have an asset in the
president they've always had spies etc
in our country but just imagine having
the President of the United States of
America essentially throw our country
under the bus that's unprecedented and
Republicans in Congress the house and
the Senate are only concerned about self
preservation because again to that poll
from axials they're looking at the
numbers and they see that a majority of
the Republican base is sticking with the
president so because they're concerned
about their seats and all the stature
that comes with it they're not willing
to speak out aggressively enough and I
can only tell you joy I think we're
going to fill that burn come midterms
and beyond Rick you know Paul Waldman
has a piece of Washington Post in which
he says the entire Republican Party is
now a rut has become a becoming a
Russian asset clip from it it may be
because there can they've convinced
themselves that no tactic is too
repugnant no alliance too distasteful
and no moral compromise to loathesome
when you're serving the lofty goal of
keeping Democrats from power or it may
be that they're terrified that they're
rabid base will decide that they're
insufficiently devoted to the cult of
Trump whatever the reasons they've
traveled a long way down this road
already
and it doesn't look like they're turning
back do you agree with all waldman this
is the greatest intelligence coup in
history joy the Russians have
compromised an American president
thoroughly completely in evidently and
they have thoroughly compromised
the Republican Party and the Congress
that should be a constitutional check
and balance on him a co-equal branch of
government the Russians didn't have to
go and and set something up to lure
Congress and they just knew that once
Trump was in the his celebrity and his
and his cult would be the enforcers for
them so I think Paul's generally right
that the president is utterly
compromised and the Congress you know I
look I don't think Congress is in the
majority of them Amy Dana Rohrabacher
and a couple of others are swinging
around with Russians but I think most of
them are just so terrified the ones I
speak to all the time including a lot of
these guys that go out on TV with the
red hat on and say Trump's the best you
know they call them they're like oh my
god
this is a disaster we're dream dragged
down for to serve Vladimir Putin I mean
the NATO summit shook so many members of
the Senate and the house it was
methought they would already hit bottom
and then he went into Helsinki and went
into this went into this you know The
Gimp Act with with Putin and you know
they're shocked they're stunned but
they're terrified at the base they are
terrified that these guys the the minute
you say something wrong about Donald
Trump they're our Facebook feeds and
their phones blow up and it's death
threats and it's it's this craziness
from the from the Trump right that won't
quit and and they are intimidated by it
they're not leaders anymore they're a
cleanup crew and then Kimberly I wonder
if they are also concerned about Russia
because you know this New York Times
story this is from April of 2017 but
I've been rereading it this morning
it makes it very clear that the CIA was
very clear in their assessment that not
only did Russians infiltrate the DNC and
the d-triple-c but that they also did
also infiltrate Russian systems States
states that were controlled by the
Republican Party their election systems
but also the RNC are Republicans on the
hill not concerned that at a certain
point if they don't behave themselves
exactly as the Russians want that maybe
information on them will come out you
know I think in the past I heard a lot
more from Republicans with respect to
Russian interference there by the grace
of God go us you know this time they've
tried to help one side another time they
will try to help another side and and
that the elections have to be our
election systems have to be protected I
think this has become overshadowed as we
get closer to the midterms about a
desire to stay on point with the
president not to push back against him
too hard not to upset the base and so it
has not been that kind of response and
what I hear more often from Republicans
now is oh well I wish the president will
focus on the economy oh well I wish the
president would focus on immigration
they're thinking a lot more about the
midterm election messaging than the fact
that this is this was an attack on
election systems of the United States
that could go either way
yeah and sure Michael then I wonder if
when you're speaking with your fellow
Republicans
happens if dan coates is right and we
have a digital 911 what if their next
attack is not on our electron system
what if it's on the grid
what if it's on a bake what if it's on
Wall Street what will Republicans do
then well look joy I think Republicans
will ultimately be responsible if such
an act occurs because they have done
much of nothing look I think the
Republican party at least the Republican
party as we once knew it is dead this is
now the party of Trump the conservative
philosopher Edmund Burke once wrote we
must reform in order to conserve and I
think is long overdue for the Republican
Party to truly check the President of
the United States that is why we have a
separation of branches there's a
dereliction of duty here and I'm a
Republican I've always been one but I
think come November the American people
have to send a message to the Republican
Party and Donald Trump meaning and a
message that what message your message
that we're not taking this anymore yeah
all right well sure Michael singleton
Kimberly Atkins Rick Wilson thank you
all very much really very much thank you
and up next the art of the deal
co-author Tony Schwartz decodes the
Trump Helsinki debacle stay with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
