if you would be elected as a president
what will be a foreign policy politic
especially into the relationships with
my country and do you want to continue
the politics of sanctions that are
damaging of both economy or you have any
other ideas I believe I would get along
very nicely with Putin okay and I mean
will we have the strength I don't think
you'd need the sanctions I think that we
would get along very very well the woman
in that clip was Maria butanna a Russian
national who was indicted this week
just hours after Donald Trump stood next
to Vladimir Putin in Helsinki and took
his word over that of the American
intelligence community Putin ah I rush
in gun activists with ties to the NRA
and the religious right has been charged
with being a foreign agent for her
alleged role in a Russian campaign to
influence American politics
Putin has pleaded not guilty Malcolm's
back with me and joining the panel now
Sara Kenzie our scholar of authoritarian
states and Jeff Sharlet journalism
professor at Dartmouth College thank you
both for being here I'll start with you
Sara Maria butanna has been sort of
getting involved since 2011 when a
Russian banker and Putin Ally named
Alexander tortion developed a friendship
with NRA president david keene shortly
after that his butanone with the help of
mr. tortion formed a Russian gun rights
group called the right to bear arms
modeled after the NRA you talked a
little bit about how it came to be that
the Russians took an interest in gun
rights because I don't believe that they
had the equivalent of the Second
Amendment in Russia no you know
paradoxically Putin does not allow you
know private gun ownership in Russia
what they were doing is you know what
they always do which is exploit a
divisive issue an explosive issue of gun
violence and gun control in the US I
think it's very important to emphasize
the years in which this is taking place
that what tortion was doing goes back at
least 7 years that the planning for it
probably proceeds that that butene a--
has been actively meeting with I don't
even know how many Republican officials
and NRA members for a very long time
so for those who think that somehow this
is something spontaneously launched you
know around the time that Trump declared
his presidential ambitions for the 2016
campaign you are sorely mistaken this is
a long-running Russian plot in tandem
with voluntary you know American
officials and representatives to the NRA
they were absolutely willing to
sacrifice American sovereignty to
jeopardize American national security
for their own aims and one more final
point is people need to be looking at
the money they need to be looking at the
donations that the NRA was giving to the
Republicans because I think that goes a
long way to explain the Republican
reticence to just blatantly call out the
traitor in their myths and the in
Malcolm that is I can have a point
because I think everyone focuses on
Donald Trump as an individual but the
Russians have been very interested in
the Republican Party writ large for
quite a while I'm to the point that
Sarah just made in 2013 is when this
person david keene and a republican
operative who runs the NRA circles named
paul erickson who later gets involved
with mayor boots and I traveled to
something called the right to bear arms
annual convention in Moscow in the next
year butanna 2014 she comes to the NRA
convention as a special guest and is
presented in the NRA Women's luncheon
she's attended every NRA convention from
2014 to 2016
some of the Republicans she's been
photographed with Scott Walker there he
is Bobby Jindal both considered
potential presidential candidates Rick
Santorum will also did run for president
and this guy Alexander tortion can you
talk a little bit about him he claimed
to be a gun rights activist sought to
infiltrate the NRA working on behalf of
the Kremlin he tells a little bit about
him not well no he's not a gun rights
activist on he's a Kremlin apparatchik
he's very close to the inner circle of
Vladimir Putin he's also very close to
the Russian mafia in fact there's an
indictment stay outstanding for him a
warrant for his arrest in Spain the
Guardia Civil
in Spain in the in the state prosecutors
had been monitoring him for for months
and months in his and his uh you know
palatial Villa that he had they're
working with the Moscow of the st.
Petersburg mafia by the way that's the
same mafia Vladimir Putin brought on
control when he was liquidating the city
of st. Petersburg
so torsion appears to have been tasked
out to as the principal designate II to
come to the United States and to co-opt
the American right using two groups
evangelicals and the National Rifle
Association and the group that he made
up right to bear arms as as Sarah said
there's no right to bear arms in Russia
there are less than I think it's seven
hundred thousand hunting rifles and
shotguns they have to be you have to
have state permission registration
licensing and total control of
ammunition in that country it's nothing
they co-opted the American right in
order to bring them in to become
technically under Moscow's control just
like they did with every other
conservative movement in Europe and
these dupes fell for it
by a pretty girl I'm gonna come to Jeff
in a minute on the other part of that
the co-opting the religious right as
well as gun rights I want to say just
for one more moment with Sarah Kensi or
because they have this handy-dandy
little chart here but I'm gonna show you
guys on the air as well of all of the
people that Mary Abu Tina intersected
with not just Donald Trump who you heard
her asking that question at this event
there's Alexander tortion who's right to
the right of her you've obviously got
Vladimir Putin out there but look up to
the upper up and to the left up and to
the left there is Donald Trump jr. who
is she briefly met at one of these NRA
convention so she's got a lot of
intersections Sarah Kensi or should
Donald Trump jr. be worried about this
indictment I mean Donald Trump jr. if he
is you know living in a country that
actually has laws that he is held
accountable to should have been worried
for a very long time Donald Trump jr.
put his emails on Twitter about a year
ago showing that he had illicit Lee
conspired with Russia revealing that
whole meeting I'm a little concerned
that he felt that he could do that
openly and that there would be no
consequences because I feel like his
meetings with tortion his meetings with
other Russia mafia official you know
members of the Mafia
/ Kremlin officials have been in plain
sight and that's a pattern that you see
throughout the Republican Party
Trump jr. is not unique in this respect
and so I think now they're finally our
indictments there are consequences and
if that's going to continue then yes
Donald Trump jr. is certainly somebody
should be concerned Jared let me come to
you now on the on part two of this
because there's the NRA piece of it but
you've written you were an entire book
about this thing called the family that
talks about the religious right and the
power that they've amassed in Washington
quickly from the vault from voxcom this
week at the 2016 and 2017 National
Prayer Breakfast events boots Anna
allegedly met with an unnamed with
unnamed American officials and quote
very influential Russians and seems to
successfully attempted to broker
meetings between figures in these groups
talk a little bit about that connection
yeah I think patina you go back to 2015
four days before Trump announces his
presidency and she writes an article for
conservative magazine called the
national interest and she says look
there's two pillars to the American
right it's social conservatives and she
understands it's populist conservatives
who the NRA she's reaching the populace
through the National Prayer Breakfast
she's reaching the social conservatives
this is National Prayer Breakfast is run
by an organization called the fellowship
of the family oldest arguably most
influential Christian conservative
organization Washington that specializes
in providing access to elites they're
not interested in the masses and what's
interesting is we see not just Bettina
this is not a case of her infiltrating
the prayer breakfast but in fact of them
reaching out to her some of their
initial contact happens in Moscow where
they also run a prayer breakfast for
government elites and where they met
with patina and tortion and agreed to
start working together on an influential
delegation that they could use to bring
to the prayer breakfast and then to
forge relationships out of that we see
that in the affidavit she says thank you
for the very important private meetings
that followed and I look forward to
further meetings I'm going to share
further information and so Jeff would
you say that the Russians over the years
not just with Donald Trump but more
broadly have
I guess you could say infiltrated the
religious right in this country yeah I
think it's fair to say there's almost a
Christian right love affair with Putin's
Russia and you know it's partly shaped
by his is very fierce opposition to
LGBTQ rights which is not a personal
opposition as I've reported it's more a
political political tactic for him but
that's enough for the American Christian
Right one leader calls him a lion of
Christianity Franklin Graham the son of
Billy and now a major Christian right
leader Trump supporter actually met with
Putin at length and has praised him
excessively interesting we have to get
more into this because this is an aspect
of we report a lot on the religious
right in their affinity for Donald Trump
but we haven't really gotten into this
Russia angle of it very interesting
Malcolm Nance Sarah Kinsey or Jeff
Sharlet thank you all have a great
morning and coming up in our next hour
the man who wrote the art of the deal
tells us why Trump has such Putin envy
and the great Rachel Maddow is here to
make sense of all of its entire crazy
week more after the break
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
