as of this evening president Trump has
officially completed 18 months in office
while it has a lot of competition this
week has been nominated as the most
remarkable since that meeting with
Russian President Putin on Monday we
have seen the president walked back
comments he made on Russian election
interference and then walked back those
walk backs here a friendly reminder of
what has transpired over the course of
just three days my people came to me dan
coates came to me and some others they
said they think it's Russia
I have President Putin he just said it's
not Russia I will say this I don't see
any reason why it would be the sentence
should have been I don't see any reason
why it wouldn't be Russia sort of a
double negative
I accept our intelligence community's
conclusion that Russia's meddling in the
2016 election took place then just
yesterday we learned Putin's been
invited to Washington in the fall the
White House also had to back off the
president's suggestion he'd be willing
to let Russia interrogate Americans
including former US ambassador Michael
McFaul and today Politico is reporting
it this way quote Trump's disastrous
performance since his news conference
alongside Russian counterpart Vladimir
Putin has sent west wing morale to its
lowest level since the charlottesville
fiasco almost a year ago staffers are
considering accelerating their
departures in the wake of the
president's equivocations on Russian
meddling in the 2016 election well here
with us tonight to talk about it Jill
Colvin White House reporter for The
Associated Press and Brian Bennett
senior White House correspondent for
Time magazine
Brian by the way is the author of this
week's cover story that included the
shall we call it troubling cover imagery
which to the President may count as an
official Time magazine cover appearance
and such things we know are important to
him
Jill welcome back
I note you started NATO went to the UK
all the way to Helsinki or you live to
tell the tale I know that some events
don't always occur to you in the moment
you're doing your job a comment that
other people can judge as weighty later
doesn't land the right way I imagine all
of this did and what was you don't do
opinion but you do give take away what
was your takeaway from this week I mean
this trip was something that was just
whiplash the entire way at every stop
there's every one thing exactly starting
when solving your host exactly from the
very first moment that he sat down at
that breakfast before the NATO festivity
has officially got underway coming out
Angela Merkel like that assaulting
Germany claiming that they were the ones
who are in cahoots with Russia to all of
the drama at NATO the threats that
potentially Hugh didn't want to
participate in anymore then you have
that interview he gave to the son in
which he lambasted Teresa may right
before he arrived that story published
just as the president was head landed I
mean then you go into the protests all
across London and then you go into
health Winkie which we all thought would
be the main event and really I mean I've
covered this president now for almost
three years and there are times where as
a reporter you know you're you're
surprised there are times when we've all
seen the backlash from Congress we've
seen aids you know really kind of
burying and into their holes and not
wanting to comment you know you feel the
the morale and at this point I mean so
many people in the West Wing it just
feels like there's a sense of numbness
of all these things that they've gone
through again and again and I was told
today was the last day for two important
aides mark short the chief lobbyist on
the hill and Joe Hagen in the West Wing
I wasn't the person that Joe Hagen had
already departed but okay well that was
let's Lemire I'm quoting Associated
Press what I heard on this network so
either departures and these are people
who are also were widely respected not
only within the West Wing within the
White House who who the move the
president trusted but also we're trusted
outside of the building you know Hagen
was somebody who came in to the White
House with years of past experience and
past administrations mark short was was
the person who really helped Shepherd
the president's
legislative agenda you know played a big
role in the Supreme Court nominations
and those are people who are really
going to be missed especially at a time
one right now it is not easy to find
people to fill any of those positions
you walk into the press office now and I
mean there are a lot of empty desks and
so the question now is who are they
going to find to fill those positions
and and how much you know well what's
their confidence level going to be it's
true it's not like working for other
administration's Brian I'm going to
quote your favorite writer Brian Bennett
of Time magazine and we'll talk about
your writing as soon as I'm done with
this quote this from your cover story
this week and it's on the overarching
topic of Russia Trump is bruised by the
idea that Russian election meddling
taints his victory those close to him
say and can't concede the fact that
Russia did try to interfere in the
election regardless of whether it
impacted the outcome it's a notable
quote Brian because here we are in the
position of kind of hoping we find out
from the Russians some of what was
discussed in a two hour plus closed-door
session between two superpower leaders
well it's so extraordinary that and this
presidency we always have to rely on the
other country to find out what was
discussed in a lot of these meetings and
that we're finding it more out from the
Russians than from the White House about
what President Trump and President Putin
talked about and I mean one of the most
extraordinary moments this week was of
course when the president decided he
wanted to he say that he had mixed up
the word would and wouldn't in his
remarks it was extraordinary because
this president is so reluctant to
correct the record on so many other
occasions and it reflected such sincere
and troublesome concern among his staff
that they came to him and said look mr.
president you need to read something
that walks this back of course it didn't
address the central problem of his
Helsinki performance which was that he
stood next to President Putin was asked
by a reporter who he believed the US
intelligence or President Putin about a
Russian interference and he couldn't
definitively say that he believed us and
and he couldn't confront President Putin
I mean that was the moments for the
president to stand up to President Putin
in front of the front of the rest of the
world and and tell him - that he
shouldn't have meddled before and that
he shouldn't meddle going into the next
round of elections
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
