late last night another 1452 documents
files and other items were handed over
to prosecutors in the Southern District
of New York these are not special
counsel Robert molars prosecutors these
are federal prosecutors in the US
Attorney's office in Manhattan these
fourteen hundred some-odd items were
handed over to prosecutors by the
Special Master who is reviewing evidence
in the criminal investigation of michael
cohen the president's long-time personal
attorney and a longtime executive at the
president's business the trump
organization
now these fourteen hundred plus
documents are items that Michael Cohen's
lawyers and/or president Trump's lawyers
had actually singled out and said these
documents were privileged and they
should not be given to prosecutors late
last night the Special Master who's
dealing with the evidence in that case
disagreed she rejected that claim that
these items were privileged and instead
said note that these items are not
privileged they are going to prosecutors
despite your objections now no criminal
charges have been brought against Cohen
but he is the subject of an active
criminal investigation which gave rise
to the search warrants which were used
to obtain all of these millions of
documents from his home in his office
and a safety deposit box even from a
hotel room in which he was living and
we've had weeks and weeks now of
back-and-forth in court over whether
federal prosecutors would actually get
to see this stuff that was seized
whether they'd get to see and use these
documents and files taken from Cohen
under those search warrants Cohen has
been arguing that some of these
documents can't go to prosecutors
because he's an attorney and some of the
documents that were seized by the
government represent confidential
communications between him and his
clients and therefore they should they
should not be handed over to prosecutors
prosecutors should never see them we've
had weeks of wrangling over whether this
stuff is privileged you might remember
at the very start of this right after
Cohen was raided his legal team started
off in court claiming that millions of
the documents that were seized would
turn out to be privileged they turn out
to be covered by attorney-client
privilege and so prosecutors wouldn't be
allowed to see them that's what they
said right off the bat in court it has
not worked out that way at all
most everything that was seized from
michael cohen has been reviewed by this
special master who's overseeing the
evidence in this case and upon her
review ultimately almost nothing has
been found to be covered by
attorney-client privilege as a
consequence of that almost everything
seized from michael cohen has been
handed over to prosecutors who as we
speak are using that evidence and
anything else they've turned up in their
investigation to decide whether or not
they are going to bring federal criminal
charges against michael cohen now that
said you were about to hear some new
reporting right here right now that says
that one very very newsworthy item that
was seized from michael cohen as part of
this process
it actually is one of the few items in
this case that was marked privileged
that was considered to be an
attorney-client privileged communication
that prosecutors could not get again in
the grand scheme of things almost
nothing was labeled by the special
master as okay yeah that's privileged
prosecutors can't get it but this item
that you have heard so much about today
actually was labeled privileged this is
the tape that you have heard so much
about today in which michael cohen is
said to have recorded himself talking in
person with donald trump in september
2016 two months before the election
they're talking reportedly about a
hundred and fifty thousand dollar
payment that was made to a woman named
Karen McDougal Karen McDougal says she
didn't have a one-off sexual encounter
with Donald Trump nor is this one of his
sexual harassment or sexual abuse
allegations MS mcdougal rather says she
actually had a long consensual affair
with Donald Trump shortly after he
married the woman who is now First Lady
Melania Trump now the president's
friends at the supermarket tabloid the
National Enquirer
they paid Karen McDougal 150 thousand
dollars in August 2016 so a month before
this taped conversation we learned about
today and that payment from the National
Enquirer to Karen McDougal in August
2016 that appears to have been sort of a
hush money variation kind of a riff on
the hush money theme it was a payment
that that quite clearly that publication
to benefit then presidential candidate
Donald Trump but the question is exactly
how they paid Karen McDougal for
exclusive rights to the story of her
alleged long affair with candidate Trump
they then didn't publish that story
right so bottom line it's hush money she
gets paid and the story goes away that a
few weeks later Trump's get Trump gets
elected president but but there's open
questions as to the nature of that
payment and potential criminal liability
that may attend to that payment and now
that New York Times has broken the story
today that a tape exists of Michael
Cohen and the president talking about
that payment and there's there's one
part of this story that is really
important now to understanding why we've
all learned about this today and what it
might mean and who might conceivably be
in trouble because of it deep into their
story today The Times noted this quote
mr. Cohen's lawyers discovered the
recording as part of their review of the
materials seized from Cohen's home and
office and Cohen's lawyers then shared
it with mr. Trump's lawyers The Times
cites three people briefed on the matter
in order to make that claim so there's
this open criminal investigation into
the president's lawyer Michael Cohen as
part of that investigation the FBI
seizes tons of stuff from him among the
things that were seized was this
recording that Cohen apparently made of
himself talking with candidate Trump
about this payment over this this week's
long now months long back-and-forth
process that we've all been able to
watch where this Court has been
reviewing all the stuff that was seized
from Cohen to figure out which of it
should be considered attorney-client
privilege Cohen's attorneys apparently
reviewed found came across this
recording as one of the items seized
they reviewed it they shared it with
Donald Trump's attorneys if this new
reporting that we've got tonight from
Emily Jane Fox at Vanity Fair is true
that this tape was marked privileged
that means a very specific thing that
means prosecutors would never have
gotten it so that means the only people
who would have had access to this thing
are Michael Cohen's lawyers and
president Trump's lawyers and Michael
cones lawyers apparently didn't leak
this thing
the New York Times today which means by
process of elimination that president
Trump's lawyers did so there's been all
this sort of breathless reporting today
oh look what they got on Trump oh this
looks so bad for Trump you know what
don't get your chain yanked on this one
what appears to have happened here is
that president Trump's lawyers found out
this tape existed for obvious reasons
they apparently realized it might be a
potentially pretty ugly thing for the
president to have exposed or have
brought up in court as a surprise and so
today the president's lawyers themselves
appear to have leaked the existence of
this tape to get out ahead of this story
and so yeah the story appears to be real
today is the day in American history
where we get this headline about the FBI
seizing a tape of the president
discussing a secret payment to a playboy
model right before the election right
but you should know that the reason we
got those headlines today is because the
president's legal team decided that you
should see this story today they did it
themselves and you can think of a few
rational reasons why they might have
done that I mean number one no idea if
this was in their mind but this does put
something else on the front page for
once after five straight days of haze
the president actively working as an
agent of the Russian government
I mean this has been treason week right
this the the the subordination of the
President to the Russian government has
been the story of the week which has not
gotten better over the course of this
week today it did get supplanted a
little bit by reports about this lurid
tape and yeah these reports today are
about a new Trump scandal too but at
least it's a different scandal than
whether or not he's controlled by Russia
so that's one effect of this action
today also by releasing the story
themselves today the president's lawyers
I think hoped to share the shape the
narrative about this tape and thereby
less than its impact if it had arrived
later on as a surprise one of the
president's lawyers Rudy Giuliani
literally tried to sell reporters today
that the whole point of this tape was
quote in the big scheme of things it's
pretty powerful
ex culpa torie evidence actually it's
the president on tape talking about
paying off a Playboy model who he says
he previously definitely didn't have an
affair with and he had no idea she was
paid I mean this isn't a lot of things
it's not exculpatory but I think the
president's lawyers are assuming that if
they could release this information on
their own time and put their own kind of
spin on it however ridiculous maybe
somebody will be dumb enough to believe
that so I think they're trying to get
out ahead of this story so it's their
story no one else's here's another
dynamic at work here though
which makes this new reporting that
we've got from Emily Jane Fox really
important the Special Master who has
been reviewing the evidence in the
Michael Cohen criminal investigation she
has processed millions of documents
already right she's handed as I said
almost all of them over to the
prosecutors in the Southern District of
New York those prosecutors have been
weighing that evidence while they decide
whether or not they're gonna bring
criminal charges against Michael Cohen
that process has been going on for a
long time it will not go on indefinitely
it will come to a close and then if
prosecutors are gonna bring charges mr.
Cohen and his lawyers will have to start
talking to those prosecutors about the
kinds of charges Cohen might face and
the prospect that he might try to get a
break from the government might try to
get some lenience from the government in
exchange for his cooperation and
cooperation and this doesn't mean that
he agrees to be nice cooperation in this
instance means he agrees that he'll give
them some information information that
would be of greater value to those
prosecutors than whatever value they
might see in putting him in jail if
they've got the goods on you and you're
facing serious charges you've got to
have something really good to give them
in order to persuade those prosecutors
to to accept that information you're
giving them in exchange for not yelling
you to the law right the worst trouble
you're in the better story you've got to
be able to give prosecutors about
something else that really matters to
them well if one of the things that
Michael Cohen had was a recording of the
president two months before the election
discussing a secret payment to a Playboy
model to avoid the disclosure of his
alleged extramarital affair with her
right before the election after he had
publicly denied both the affair and any
knowledge of any such
to her that might conceivably be seen by
prosecutors as a valuable thing that
Michael Cohen could provide to them that
he could testify about he could talk to
them about remember if this recording
was in fact marked privilege that means
prosecutors didn't have it Michael Cohen
had it Michael Cohen was in a position
to potentially make that available to
them but instead the president's lawyers
leaked the existence of this tape and
made it public anyway and in doing so
Trump's lawyers have essentially taken
this away as something that Michael
Cohen might have otherwise been
exclusively able to offer prosecutors
for their pursuit of any other charges
than any other people who they might be
interested in Michael Cohen would need
to be able to give prosecutors something
really valuable that only he could give
them in order to get a really good deal
from prosecutors right this presumably
reduces Michael Cohen's chances of
getting any sort of great deal at least
to the extent that it hinged on this
piece of evidence that he could give
them about the president now obviously
the president right before the election
talking about a secret payout to a
playboy model right it's it's it's
potentially it's definitely of lurid
interest it's potentially of political
importance would it be of interest
legally to prosecutors we don't know for
sure and we probably won't know until we
see if this thing comes up in court or
in an indictment but there's a number of
ways in which this reported discussion
of a payment Karen McDougal might
conceivably end up being legally
consequential for the president and this
is just right this is this is in the
abstract given what we know of the
described conversation I mean for
starting with the least serious this may
impact the president's financial
disclosure forms president's lawyer
today where did Giuliani suggested that
this conversation on the tape was about
whether or not Trump should reimburse
the National Enquirer for that payment
that the publication made to Karen
McDougal if so that might indicate that
that hundred and fifty thousand dollar
payment was made to her on Donald
Trump's behalf and he'd always intended
on paying it back in that case it was a
loan to him any such loan should have
been disclosed
financial disclosure forms so there's
that moving up the ladder in terms of
seriousness the payment could also
potentially put the president on the
hook legally in terms of campaign
finance violations if that payment was
made to influence the outcome of the
election by protecting Trump from the
embarrassment of the disclosure of this
affair right before voters went to the
polls that payment would in effect be a
campaign donation and not processing
that kind of donation properly accepting
a donation that large and contravention
of federal election laws right that's
the sort of thing that most of the time
honestly just get you a slap on the
wrist and a fine but if it was a knowing
willful violation that could be a
criminal matter for the president the
kind of thing for which a person could
go to jail stick a pin in that moment
stick a pin in that for a moment we will
come back to that I mean further up the
chain in terms of more serious
consequences depending on the exact
nature of that payment and the so-called
contract that Karen McDougal entered
into with the National Enquirer on the
president's behalf there's also the
possibility that fraud could be a
relevant consideration here if that
contract was fraudulently drawn up so it
was not really what it said it was for
fraud could potential fraud could
potentially be implicated here as a
close cousin to that there's also the
possibility that there could be money
laundering concerns here if the source
of the funds was disguised or the
ultimate recipient of the funds was
disguised so it looks like somebody
else's money is moving through these
channels going somewhere else other than
where it's actually going that could
potentially be money laundering now if
any of those potential charges were
going to be pursued here around this
hush money payment for a number of them
particularly that campaign finance
possibility prosecutors would also
likely need testimony or some other kind
of evidence that would show the mindset
of the people involved in this alleged
crime while when these violations were
committed if and when this tape turns up
at a criminal trial you might expect
that Michael Cohen would end up on stay
on the stand testifying as to the
authenticity of this tape and the
context of this discussion if there are
criminal liabilities associated with
this conversation
you might expect that mr. Cohen and the
other person in this conversation might
both end up being called to testify as
to what this conversation was about what
they
stood it to be about what they meant
whether they acted on what was described
in the conversation Michael Cohen was
one of the two parties in this
conversation the president was the other
person
I mean learning about the existence of
this tape was good for a thousand and
one headlines today right the American
people actually hearing this tape will
presumably result in an even larger
impact if and when that happens but
imagine how the White House must feel
tonight about the prospect of President
Trump having to testify in court or
before a grand jury as to that payment
the meaning of this conversation whether
or not it implicates him in criminal
behavior because of the privilege issues
here because of who had access to this
thing it really looks like it's the
president's own legal team that put this
out today in order to try to get ahead
of this story and and maybe in so doing
they have reduced the chances that
Michael Cohen will flip and turn state's
evidence against the president but the
prospect that the president will end up
in legal wrangling about these types of
payments and cover-ups it's got to be an
uncomfortable prospect for this White
House I mean this isn't the Russia
scandal right at all but for all the
reporting that we've seen that the White
House in some ways is more scared about
the Michael Cohen case than they are
about the Russia case I mean this is
this is why right we now know there's at
least one tape of Trump and Cohen
talking about stuff the president has
publicly denied and apparently the
president didn't know that tape
recording existed until it turned up in
what was seized by the FBI and that
brings us to just one last point the
only way this is not a great source of
agita tonight in the White House right
is if the president was pretty sure that
he won't ever get questioned about this
stuff if the president has some reason
to believe that you know what push comes
to shove will litigate this to the end
but in the end I know I'm not gonna be
bothered or touched in any way by this
by any civil inquiry by any criminal
inquiry on this or any other matter
while I'm president if the president is
pretty well assured of that being the
final word on whether or not this stuff
is gonna get to him as president that
would be a great load off the White
House's mind at a time like this
well there is a magic wand that the
president is trying to waive in order to
get that for his presidency
that magic wand is named Brett Kavanaugh
it's the president's Supreme Court
nominee quote mr. Trump's choice for the
court judge Brett Kavanaugh has
expressed strong support for executive
power hostility to administrative
agencies support for gun rights and
religious freedom these are all
conventional positions among
conservative lawyers and judges but
there's one stance that sets judge
Kavanaugh apart and it could not be more
timely his deep skepticism of the wisdom
of forcing a sitting president to answer
questions in criminal cases quote it is
not at all far-fetched to think that the
question of whether President Trump must
respond to a subpoena could come before
the Supreme Court shortly after the
confirmation process for the next
Justice says Walter Dellinger former
acting Solicitor General of the United
States quote I do not know of any judge
who has staked out as strong a position
on presidential immunity even from
questioning as Judge Cavanaugh has and I
know this is different parts of the
universe crashing into each other right
but there's this was where these things
overlap right the Russia scandal the
michael cohen mishegoss the pending
Supreme Court nomination
I mean sadly Eights was on our air last
night saying you know what the White
House absolutely was aware that Flynn
was the subject of an open investigation
when the president went to the FBI
director and pressured the FBI to end
that investigation can the president be
questioned about whether or not that was
obstruction of justice
I mean Sally Yates said last night he
was certainly trying to influence that
open FBI investigation was that actually
criminal obstruction when does the
president get asked about that on the
Michael Cohen case if on this tape the
president has heard planning to
reimburse this publication that paid off
his alleged mistress because they wanted
to keep her story out of the press
before the election was that a criminal
finance criminal campaign finance
violation of the kind that could
actually put a guy in jail could that
hush-money payment which the president
apparently lied about and said he didn't
know about could it further criminally
implicate him in terms of fraud or money
laundering or anything more serious we
completely separate and apart from
whether or not he and his campaign were
involved in the Russia attack the other
big story this week right these other
things are apps
lutely live active criminal inquiries at
this moment and here's the president's
nominee for this Supreme Court in this
environment here he is in his own words
quote we should not burden a sitting
president with civil suits Criminal
Investigations or criminal prosecutions
I believe that the president should be
excused from some of the burdens of
ordinary citizenship while serving in
office Congress should enact a law quote
providing that any personal civil suits
against presidents be deferred while the
president is in office quote Congress
should consider doing the same with
respect to criminal investigations and
prosecutions of the president a
president while in office should be
quote exempt from criminal prosecution
and investigation including being exempt
from questioning by criminal prosecutors
or defense counsel quote even the lesser
burdens of a criminal investigation
including preparing for questioning by
criminal investigators those things are
time to time consuming and distracting
like civil suits Criminal Investigations
take the president's focus away from his
or her responsibilities to the people
moreover the indictment and trial of a
sitting president would cripple the
federal government such an outcome would
serve the public interest how did you
pick that guy with the Russia
investigation with the obstruction of
justice investigation related to the
Russian investigation with the Michael
Cohen investigation with the president's
lawyers now learning the hard way that
in the Michael Cohen investigation lordy
there are tapes of the president how do
you think president Trump alighted on
Brett Kavanaugh of all people to be his
nominee to the Supreme Court Emily Jane
Fox from Vanity Fair joins us next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
