we're living in a political era that has
many people feeling despair raising
questions that are deeper than politics
like is our society going backwards
if civil society is broken are we better
off just focusing on our own happiness
or the big one what's the point of life
many turn to the arts for insights from
the handmaidens tale to Black Mirror the
arts can offer salvation and deeper
thought and celebrated novelist Alice
Walker's weighing in on the Trump era in
her art she says history shows you
cannot regret misfortune because it
actually can lead us somewhere better
Walker joins me on the beat tonight
viewers may recognize her name from over
35 books of fiction and poetry won her
Pulitzer Prize for the novel the color
purple which was adapted into a Steven
Spielberg movie that features the film
debuts of two black women Whoopi
Goldberg and Oprah Winfrey and a tale
confronting the ravages of slavery and
sexual abuse oh my life I had to fight
my uncles I had to fight my brother's
girl child ain't safe in the family
means I never thought I had to fight in
my own house
Walker is now confronting the Trump era
head-on she writes Americans distraught
at trumpism should channel anger into a
wider Awakening in her new book of
poetry grapples with race police
brutality and the immigration crisis
Alice Walker an honor to have you here
I'm so happy to be here thank you for
inviting me
absolutely what are you saying with your
poems and do you think of them as a
message about democracy and politics I
think of them as a way to talk to people
about tending to their own hurt and
their own wounds instead of just
screaming at the person who hurts you
because there's a way in which if we
don't heal ourselves we can never heal
the world and that is the the the locus
the the central point of this book that
seems to be a distinction between how do
you have catharsis or progress versus
the search for justice or what can be
getting even
because we're also having a conversation
here about what people get away with
right now in America yes and also part
of what we what happens if you try to
get away with something that's terrible
is that you cannot and in this poem
about the police what I'm saying is that
the the white cops who kill our children
they can only expect to be healed by
sitting with the mothers of the children
they have killed and this could be a
beginning of their healing and the
healing of our society that poem in the
new book here to the police I know we
have it right there if you'd read it to
us okay and this is about the people who
owned the police this is not directly to
the police because there are people who
actually own them and often they're not
aware that they're owned by something
more than themselves
though usually devoid of feeling they
are experiencing a sensation they almost
enjoy they get to witness by twisted and
Chapman dozens of strong black mothers
weeping they planned and nurtured your
hatred and fear speaking of the police
and focused the kill shot who do you
hope reads that well I hope whoever is
interested in freeing their own heart
and spirit you know I'm not interested
in writing actually political things
exactly but I want to change people the
way they interact with each other and
the way they see reality and the way
they see our history you have a pulitzer
prize kendrick lamar is a young musician
the first rapper to win a Pulitzer Prize
ever this past year and I want to play
for you something from one of his songs
in a video that echoes your work take a
look
have you heard him quote you before no
you've never seen that no and he's big
he's not Alice Walker big but he's big
I'm happy for him what do you think
about the way he's using your work all
my life I had to fight well I think he's
understanding that that is the truth of
it especially for poor people and for
people of color in this country we've
had to fight all of our lives and it's a
good thing that we can talk to each
other across generations prizes are a
funny thing I don't imagine you focused
on them but there are people who
criticize the Nobel the Pulitzer for
handing them out to musicians do you
think it should only go to traditional
novelists and poets or musicians as well
I'm not crazy about prizes ya know so
whoever wants them should have them and
people who could do without them should
do without them we talked about the
color purple to think that there was two
talented people who happen to be black
women Oprah and Whoopi who'd never been
cast in a film before they adapted your
film does that part of it matter to you
that did that was very good and I was
very happy about that but I'm just
saying that the real joy comes from
doing the work it doesn't really come
from the prize that's something I think
that's inspiring about you and it comes
through very much sitting across the
table from you it is obvious to observe
but I will observe it that that's
something that you and the president do
not have in common
he tends to brag a lot but he does claim
to be smart and educated this is the
only quoting of the president were gonna
do but I'll play you one clip of
President Trump I went to an Ivy League
school
I'm very highly educated I know words I
had the best words what does it tell you
that it's important to him to be
perceived as so smart it tells me that
he knows he probably is not and he has
an inferiority complex and that's very
sad but it's even sadder that we elected
him to lead we definitely need a very
different kind of leader and in fact we
actually need to lead ourselves hmm and
until we do we probably won't get very
far you
same theory already I mean there's a
feeling of inferiority or a lack of self
affirmation or love does that in your
view make people more more dangerous
when they come in contact with power or
money yes because there's always envy
I mean there's always the feeling of
need to measure up you know and I mean
you can see that between him and Barack
Obama I think that Envy there was just
so blatant that that Donald Trump envied
brocco bomb even though he started out
with much more than Baraka of course
that's part of the problem that he had
everything in Barack as a black man was
supposed to have nothing and said look
what happened he's you know all of the
things that this president is in and
it's very hard to take but the answer is
not to make us all suffer is to go and
improve yourself Alice Walker for me
it's an honor to have you here so I
really appreciate you coming by thank
you thank you
let's you the book is taking the arrow
out of the heart hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our You Tube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
