today we were suddenly hit with the
revelation that Trump's personal
attorney and fixer Michael Cohen
recorded a conversation with Trump about
payments to a former Playboy model who
claimed a long time affair and that
federal investigators now have that
recording also today separately our own
reverend al sharpton happened to be with
michael cohen having breakfast a meeting
which Cohen himself initiated Cohen
tweeted quote I have known Reverend for
almost twenty years no one better to
talk to Reverend Al Sharpton host of
politics nation here on MSNBC joins me
now rev good to see you thank you for
being with us what are circumstances by
which you came to be having breakfast
with Michael Cohen today on the very
same day that this news dropped well I
had happen to run into him several weeks
ago we just spoke to each other because
I've known him down three years whenever
we would have differences with mr. Trump
on social justice issues and have
different I would say combative kind of
meetings Michael Cohen was the ones who
had arranged the meeting he was the one
that would try to get all sides together
usually unsuccessfully but he always was
a straight honest kind of person I
received a text from him several days
ago saying he wanted to meet we agreed
to meet very public restaurant where
he's staying and we talked for over an
hour and I really sensed that he was
very troubled he felt that he was being
in many ways cast wrongly and I feel
that he was saying that he was been
abandoned by mr. Trump he kept saying to
me over and over again Rev I'm gonna do
what's right for the country I'm gonna
do what's right for my family
he was very very adamant that he was
opposed to some of the things mr. Trump
was doing like attacking the media he
felt that that was wrong and it was a
very very serious Michael Cornyn I met
with this morning about he was in a
situation he feels he was unfair
thrust upon so Rev as a man of the cloth
you know that that idea of doing what's
right for your country and what's doing
right by your family aren't always the
same thing was there any sense of what
he meant by that because doing right by
the country is coming out and telling
him and telling everybody exactly what
happened and doing right by your family
is the thing that's gonna keep you out
of jail well that's exactly what would I
counsel then I think that is exactly
what he said he was going to do we did
get into what that truth is but clearly
I got the impression that whatever he
knows he's going to be forthcoming now
how that will be whether that's
cooperation with the those that are
saying that mr. Trump has done things
and not we'll see but I think the fact
that Ally out of all of the people that
he could have reached out to reaching
out to me in and of itself was sending a
signal to President Trump and probably
the prosecutors that he was not one that
would not deal with someone who's been
fighting Donald Trump for decades on
social justice issues so what does this
do I'm trying to get a sense of this Reb
because you everybody who knows you
knows where you stand on political
issues and where you are and that's
generally not in the same place that
Donald Trump is but Michael Cohen has
reached out to you he reached out to
George Stephanopoulos not a lot of
people but interesting choices what do
you think was behind this outreach I
think that part of it is sending a
signal that he is not the guy that's
going to just be lockstep with Trump
Stephanopoulos was a leading Democratic
operative I've been since he's known me
and remained a leader of a civil rights
organization that has opposed a lot of
what Trump did when Trump was a Democrat
he used to come to our civil rights
organization and Michael corn knows that
I think he was sending that signal and I
also think he wanted to talk to people
that he had conferred with even if we
politically disagree down through the
years to give them a sense he was a
decent family guy and that he was going
to do what was right and we're gonna see
what that is I remember I gotta ask you
not to be colloquial about it was he
looking for your blessing
I don't know that he was listening
looking for my blessing as much because
he was looking to explain himself I was
looking to find out first of all I
didn't know what to expect I was looking
to find out what he wanted to say and
eventually say that we were available to
help him do that in public and we said
we would stay in touch I told him that I
was going to tweet publicly that we had
met because I wasn't doing anything that
I was not gonna make a public record
even though there were many people in
the restaurant that knew who we were and
he even tweeted about the meeting so
what his motive was I don't know I know
what he said and what I sensed from him
was he really is trying to be very clear
that he's independent of mr. Trump and
that he's going to tell the truth
whatever that truth is and he's gonna
protect his family and he wants to stand
up for the country he kept saying that
over and over again he said the country
is very divided well he says this is
awful and I want to stand up and I don't
want to be remembered as one that tried
to do anything other than the right
thing what a remarkable set of
developments on a day that was already
full of remarkable developments rev good
to see you as always sir reverend al
sharpton whose show politics nation airs
this Sunday at 8 a.m. thanks for making
time - thank you hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
