new reports that there is a tape that
Donald Trump is on it and that Michael
Cohen made it now why is this news
breaking right now is this legal
pressure builds across the board on
Trump's lawyer and fixer Michael Cohen
and the White House has continued to
battle back a scandal of Putin
proportions that's engulfed it all week
well I can tell you I'm very excited to
learn some of the answers because we
have several key people and reporters on
the show tonight who can shed light on
this question now here is what you need
to know the New York Times is reporting
Michael Cohen taped Donald Trump two
months before the 2016 election and they
discussed secret payments potentially to
be made to former Playboy model Karen
McDougal
who has said that she had a relationship
with Trump in 2006 she has since
prevailed in a suit with a media outlet
related to all those allegations we'll
get to that what else you need to know
well investigators have this tape the
FBI seizing it from Cohen's office in
April after that raid Cohen's opponent
in the stormy Daniels case a man you may
know Michael avenatti made some news on
this show by declaring he knew for a
fact this type of tape existed I know
for a fact that Donald Trump is on at
least one of these recordings already
I'm not gonna get how do you know that
I'm not gonna get into the details of
how I know that all you are so would you
say that in court
absolutely Donald Trump is on one of the
recordings at least one of them I know
that for a fact I stand behind it stands
behind it and today that fact being
reported Michael avenatti joins me live
tonight with more the White House is
making clear it doesn't like this news
at all and that it was caught off guard
a source saying Trump didn't know he was
being recorded while his lawyers are
probing what other potential tapes could
reveal they're also trying to put word
out tonight that any other recordings
that may exist are quote not substantive
this story has moved fast so it is worth
keeping the context in mind these leaks
make Cohen look like something of a
threat to Donald Trump as Michael Cohen
relies on his own lawyers to defend
himself and a top Hillary Clinton aide
but it was just three months ago only
three months ago in this lightning
warp-speed era were living in that
President Trump was telling reporters on
Air Force One Cohen was still his
attorney meaning on his side and that
Cohen could take all the tough questions
on Trump's behalf
my con a long time a long time in a
moment I'm going to speak to form a
federal prosecutor John Flannery about
the legalities of all of this as well as
another lawyer for Donald Trump his
longtime litigator Jay Goldberg who's
joined me before so we have a lot to get
to including as I mentioned avenatti but
I begin with Megan to an investigative
reporter for the New York Times who has
covered this case extensively and lives
Plank a senior producer for Vox who has
also given us reporting and analysis on
many of these cases which involve
allegations by women who say they've had
contact with Donald Trump Megan when you
look at the original allegation against
Trump and Cohen how did these women get
us to this place and why is Michael
Cohen looking more and more like he may
be taking out revenge on the president
well this has been I think that this is
turned into a legal rat's nest for the
president what we and what we know about
what happened in 2016 toward the end of
the presidential race was well two
things one that there were payments made
to women who claimed consensual affairs
with the president one was made directly
by Michael Cohen that's the stormy
Daniels payment another was made through
American media Inc the parent company
that a National Enquirer and you know if
the Trump has been insistent in the
beginning saying that he didn't know
anything about these payments Michael
Cohen has said that he handled them on
his own and I think what we've seen
today is more than new evidence that
would suggest that the president was
actually it's certainly aware much
closer to the time of the payments if
not at the actual time of the payment
waits in the case of American media
which means which means what well these
these payments are significant because
they're being investigated as potential
campaign finance violations and and it
would seem to imply that he was lying
about it before that that there's that
that is one way to read it and so the
question is yeah not just if he's been
lying about it but in fact was he in
direct participant in these payments was
he aware of them at the time
and if so that could basically plunge
him into the heart of this criminal and
one aspect of this criminal
investigation yeah and Liz let me read a
little more from this reporting in your
publication Giuliani saying now today
Trump had told Cohen if he were to make
a payment related to miss mcdougal to
write a cheque rather than send cash so
it could be properly documented New York
Times also jumping ahead to what a lot
of people want to know if there is a
case and they used to say if there is a
bear well if there is a case quote it's
not clear whether a federal judge would
rule on whether prosecutors can even
listen to the recording and will get
later to the lawyers here but whether or
not prosecutors get it it's in the New
York Times for a reason tonight do you
think it's because Michael Cohen is
continuing to try to give the president
a hard time right I mean maybe when
Michael Cohen told all term that he
wouldn't record his conversations maybe
he meant that he would Wow I think
that's a double negative burns right but
if there's one person that would
understand that he would be Donald Trump
right and there's a mistake so clearly
you know Michael Cohen has used
different ways of communicating with
Donald Trump in a very sort of sub tweed
kind of way where we're all aware of it
and we see it happen out in the public
sphere whether it's with you know tweets
that he's done or meetings that he's had
with you know vice with the show
literally called Trump tapes I believe
and sort of inching at the idea that
there are these tapes today it's very
clear that you know we don't know who
leaked this story we don't know who
leaked this information but given the
reporting I think it's pretty clear that
it might be coming from Michael Cohen
himself and so he's trying to speak to
Trump he's trying to you know always the
the idea of the pardon and him wanting
this pardon is always in the backdrop
and and and clear my think with the
story well I think the point Liz makes
wouldn't not be a bad theory by which I
mean I'm sorry double negative I botched
it
I just meant it's a good thing to do
well that's interesting too that
Giuliani in defending the Trump on this
tape has said that he wasn't aware that
he was being recorded at the time and
that raises a couple questions which is
what one was Michael Cohen that in the
habit of secretly recording the
president in the process of representing
him and
- why did he feel compelled to secretly
record him about this matter mm-hmm
let me bring in John Flannery on some of
these questions mr. Flannery when you
look at what everything you've just
heard what is the legal significance
well and in terms of the law the
campaign violations are an obvious one
but in terms of the strength of the
evidence to show that I thought the time
story just before the quote that you had
was significant because it shows
knowledge of both men Cohan and Trump of
what am I is doing with playmate
MacDougall he says should we buy her
story directly or right should we buy it
from AMI
and that's a jet and then the question
is should we pay in a check or we should
do it by cash and he's encouraged
couraging Cohen he Trump is encouraging
Cohen to do it by by cheque which
strikes me as bizarre you have to wonder
if this was also a pattern to reimburse
ami for what they'd already done right
so let's slow down a little bit cuz
we're getting into the initials you're
talking about the National Enquirer
parent company and you're talking about
whether there was an illicit plot to
misuse or abuse that organization that
media company to secretly try to buy
people off and bury their story and
that's a big no-no to use a legal term
we spoke to MacDougall's lawyer about
this take a listen to what he was saying
because we've been reporting this out
for some time a lot of different
reporters have been working different
angles of the story on what does look
very shady take take a listen sure was
the National Enquirer acting as the arm
of Donald Trump and Michael Cohen and if
so is there something wrong with that we
said we strongly suspect they were
that's why we brought it well if the
lawsuit had continued we would we would
have been able to prove it John yes well
here's the thing about the abuse I think
what we have is we have a long-standing
relationship which has been well
reported between Ami
mr. pecker and mr. Trump in which they
have helped each other from time to time
and both favoring mr. Trump and killing
other stories that what they do with the
McDougald story was they paid her
150,000 and they killed the story and
tried to
tired down with that contract that's
certainly an abuse of a situation in
which presumably they said this is a
story that's going to run you don't pay
$150,000 for a dog and then they didn't
run it and the only person who profits
from that is candidate Trump and so
these conversations and they did that in
August so these conversations in
September only a month later seemed to
fit naturally with an ongoing scheme you
know should we now pay her directly
should we buy the rights to the story
from a ami or the Enquirer and that
shows a continuing knowledge of what's
going on and all the denials and dumper
after that and Meghan speak to the point
that if Michael Cohen may have had some
inkling that he had exposure on this if
he kept the tape secret from Donald
Trump he wasn't making the tape for
Donald Trump was he making that tape at
that time because he thought he had the
presence of mind that there might be
something shady that would backfire on
him Megan yeah I mean I think that
that's I think that there there are
certain things that we don't know but
that is that certainly raises the
question of what was the motivation to
secretly tape the president on that
issue at that time I mean this is the
thing about tapes right tapes don't lie
I mean there you can have disputes about
a conversation you had back in 2016 with
a he said she said he said he said but
you know tapes don't lie and so I think
it's very significant that that I mean
that's one of the that's a huge
significance of this tape right well Liz
as you know Pusha T says the scale
doesn't lie the tapes don't lie either
and this is why Michael Cohen may have
made it I want to bring in Jay Goldberg
who was Donald Trump's exclusive a chief
litigator from 1992 until 2012 and has
been his advisor as well and has told me
they retain attorney-client privilege
Jay
I always appreciate you making time to
come on the beat this is a big night do
you think these leaks are in the new
york times because of Michael Cohen and
did you ever secretly record Donald
Trump without his knowledge as a lawyer
or is that something that only Michael
Cohen did I don't think that you need to
Michael cone is not unique to a
wrongdoer who's in a relationship with
somebody who might be viewed as a
co-conspirator you said okay
I just sorry what word did you use not
not unique - a what - a co-conspirator
it's if somebody is doing something
wrong 'full then they might be concerned
about their own position and they'll
can't be caught it
to see if it can be used later on to win
the cooperation of the government do you
think something so powerful Jay I want
to make sure we're hearing you right are
you saying that you think Michael Cohen
viewed himself as having exposure as a
co-conspirator at that time yes
absolutely and I might point out that
when I represented Donald actively he
referred David Pecha to me so the
relationship between the Enquirer and
Trump is extremely close but make no
mistake and Michael Cohen was concerned
about his own position he wanted to stay
in the good graces of Trump because
Trump essentially was his only client
but he had the presence of mind to know
that he was treading on shaky ground and
he had to have something that he could
sell to prosecutors should the matter
explode
do you ever sees this media empire do
you think he has any potential exposure
for doing things that really weren't
under his obligations and fiduciary
duties to that company but rather were
some other sort of scheme or plot I
think he has a fiduciary duty to the
shareholders and he too has exposure but
I'm concerned about Michael Kohn if you
spend five minutes with Michael Kohn you
know that he's not strong he's weak it's
hard to say this but when he said that
he would stand up for the president I
knew from talking with him for less than
five minutes that he was sufficiently
weak that he was
Cayman with respect to any wrongdoing
what do you mean by weak though do you
mean that he would tell the truth about
his history or you mean that he would be
intimidated by prosecutors he couldn't
be counted on to protect the person who
was paying him very few people who face
the prospect of jail stand up in fact
it's difficult for me to recall any
instance over decades of practice where
somebody has stood up and taken it on
the chin for a moment Jay I understand
the point you're raising but if the
facts that he provides to the federal
investigators are not negative or
incriminating to Donald Trump then it
doesn't matter whether he's weak or
strong right well the prosecutor makes a
judgment as to whether the person is
telling the truth negatively or
positively the idea is when the
affection if you will of a prosecutor
and the prosecutor feels that you're
telling the truth we'll all be it not
measuring up to criminal activity on the
part of the target you still have the
cooperation to prosecute let me bring in
another former federal prosecutor a
colleague of sorts of yours John
Flannery your reaction well my reaction
is that he that you're being a little
gentle about what's going on here it's
very suspicious since Cohan shared this
tape with Trump when they were going
through the tapes and since it's not
clear that the government has a green
light to disclose it now I don't think
they would there are only two real
possibilities of disclosing this tape
one is Cohen and the other is Trump and
Lanny Davis is as skilled I don't know
skilled publicist shall we say and it
feels like Lanny may have hypothetically
been responsible for the Cohan tape
being revealed the show that Cohen has
something worthwhile and
giuliani perhaps should have remained
silent because basically it is an
inculpatory document it does not
exculpate Trump and so I would say score
one if Lanny did this for him and
another blemish on Giuliani's jumped to
explain how exculpatory this document is
and how the timing doesn't matter when
it is very close to the payoff in August
that there in September talking about
maybe how they handle the money
reimbursement buying the story but I'll
give you the final word briefly go ahead
julian has not been helpful to jonathan
and he keeps a long exculpatory
statements so he things but then he says
that michael cones can be counted on to
tell the truth and that's an exact quote
from the statement that he makes and
it's in some centrist to impute negative
hostility to his testimony with respect
to any wrongdoing on the part of Trump
and for Trump's lawyer to say that he
somebody who could be counted on to tell
the truth is not in Trump's inches and
yet that's exactly what he says and that
come back to haunt Trump during the
investigation and prosecution ready hey
I'm re Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
