as I do want to say we have some
breaking news the White House has
announced on Twitter that Vladimir Putin
is coming to the White House in the fall
Vladimir Putin that's gonna be special
amazingly I've seen on television and
between your question Monday and
Helsinki and Andrea's interview
yesterday encodes two remarkable
remarkable events and to be a fly on the
wall in the Oval Office watching TV when
that happened if you saw that and didn't
immediately worry about Dan coats job
security you haven't been paying
attention The Washington Post reports
quote inside the White House Trump's
advisors were in an uproar over coats
interview in Aspen they said the optics
were especially damaging noting that at
moments Coates appeared to be laughing
at the president playing to his audience
of the intellectual elite in a manner
that was sure to infuriate Trump Coates
has gone rogue said one senior White
House official who spoke on the
condition of an amenity of provide a
candid assessment with us now is
Jonathan swan national political
reporter for Axios and joining us at the
table
Evan McMullen former CIA operative who
ran for president as an independent
Jonathan Swan I'm sure you have your own
vast body of reporting about how this
week has gone down inside the White
House but if you could just speak to
what these moments are like for the
president when
among people that he would like to
approve him despite all of his railing
against the elites in the media he pays
very close attention to how the elites
in the media score him and judge him and
what they say about him so I'm sure that
seeing coats so well-received got under
his skin I haven't discussed this with
the president just being honest with you
but at this moment I I too spoke to
senior officials yesterday including one
in real time while I was happening and
they were sort of you know the reaction
was basically he's got to go well he's
got to go he's got it he's got to be
fired do you know and this is a sort of
priam
active anticipation of what the how the
president's going to react based on
their experience
previously look if you were going to
create a moment to to engineer someone
being fired by President Trump you can't
do much better than going to Aspen among
the national security and foreign policy
elites and effectively being in on the
joke that you know that there's this guy
who nobody in the room has much respect
for who is conducting foreign policy in
again universally acknowledged among the
people in the room reckless way and then
Dan Coates made I thought for pretty
stunning points although people who pay
attention to the intelligence won't find
them that stunning the first one was he
thought it was a mistake for the
president to meet alone with Vladimir
Putin the second is that he obviously
was dismayed by what the president said
the third that he didn't know about the
Russians being invited
but the fourth which I thought was the
most important and is really the
revelatory point is that he still
doesn't know the nation's spy chief
still doesn't know what was said between
President Trump and President Putin in a
one-on-one meeting that is stunning that
is stunning and anything Jonathan Swan
just hit on the lasting damage from this
meeting because a lot of other other you
know the other critiques are can be sort
of excused away as a break with
convention Donald Trump has a good case
for saying well we didn't need all those
conventions but but not this one let me
read you something from from The
Washington Post today days before the
summit meeting military officials press
the National Security Council for mr.
Trump's proposed talking points and
received no response the lack of
information handcuffed General Joseph
Votel the head of the United States
Central Command at a news conference on
Thursday who said quote we have received
no further direction than we've
currently been operating under so we now
have the head of Central Command with no
idea what military and we know that
there were there
arms treaties came up they discussed it
sounds like they discuss whatever Putin
wanted to discuss the president I've
heard no reporting or no pushback on the
idea that Putin drove the agenda for the
two hours secret meeting but but could
you just speak to what a cross roads
were at when when the military and the
president's title is commander-in-chief
for a reason but the military he
commands has no idea what commitments he
made to an American adversary that's
right Nicole look there's a general
disconnect a general sort of divergence
of the federal government in Donald
Trump you have most of the federal
government still sort of maintaining
keeping its oath to the American people
keeping its oath to the country
defending us against foreign adversaries
including especially Russia and then you
have the president who has his own
personal agenda that we're trying to
learn more about we're trying to learn
what drives that let me tell you what I
see happening here is now the president
is doubling down on Putin on that
relationship he's inviting him back to
Washington and to many of us that seems
crazy why would he do that
leading up to the midterms why would he
do that at all but the numbers actually
tell us why only 55% of Americans
disagree with the way Trump is handling
this relationship 71 or more percent of
Republicans support it he's looking at
those numbers saying I got these numbers
their numbers are already pretty good
and they're moving in my direction and
he wants to move them further in that I
mean national security used to be a
place where your poll numbers didn't
matter I mean you know for better or for
worse and Jonathan I know a lot of this
reporting is yours and and and these are
acts the Axios poll numbers and you've
been reporting on this all week I so I
know it to be true but let me just ask
you I mean the president's own national
security appointees don't seem moved by
the poll numbers thank God and there's a
lot of sort of conversation right now
about how Christopher Rae when asked by
Lester Holt have you ever thought about
resigning didn't say he hadn't Rod
Rosen's Stein got a standing ovation
notably before he opened his mouth in
Aspen dan coates you know the four
examples you cite and just the overall
sense that he felt unshackled he didn't
pretend that Donald Trump was normal and
he didn't pretend that Donald Trump was
doing a good job on national security or
intelligence
what is the collective feeling among the
White House staff about the fact that
the Donald Trump's own appointees who
had the arguably the most important
government agencies the one in ones in
charge of our military our intelligence
our law enforcement are no longer
pretending that Donald Trump isn't
ridiculous well I think some of them are
still pretty buttoned-up Kirsten Nielsen
being a prominent example at the same
because she says there's no evidence
Russia was Jewish an election she was
possible words very carefully but but
more broadly yes look one thing that we
are finding more and more often when we
talk to people who work in the White
House or at a senior level in
administration is we'll ask them why did
Trump do this thing well whatever it
might be whether it's the Helsinki press
conference or whatever look in the early
days of administration you could expect
an answer that post rationalizes you
know who tells you game theory and
whatever now they're just like Trump
they sort of start have stopped
bothering trying to explain him and and
also really stopped pretending that they
know what's going on or what's going to
happen it makes reporting very difficult
because no one really knows anything
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
