are you already Cohen might flip look I
did nothing wrong
you have to understand him this stuff
would have come out a long time ago
I did nothing it's really nice long time
he's still your lawyer I know he's not
my lawyer but a lawyer and not what I
always liked Michael are you and he's a
good person I think you're asking me a
question I'm trying to ask this want to
know if you're worried if he's gonna
cooperate with federal no no I'm not
worried because I did nothing wrong and
but it's an attack on the nation hmm
we've been discussing the breaking news
from the New York Times today that the
FBI has seized a recording of a
conversation between Donald Trump and
Michael Cohen about a hush money payment
to Playmate Karen McDougal
Michael avenatti the attorney for stormy
Daniels also locked in a legal battle
with the president over hush money says
it's not the only potentially
incriminating recording out there he
joins us now we're happy to see him back
also joining the table Emily Jane Fox
senior reporter for Vanity Fair and an
MSNBC contributor Michael take us
through first your reaction to the New
York Times reporting today well Nicole
I'm not at all surprised by it I mean I
think you did it actually if I remember
one of your early appearances on this
program well not only did I predict it I
stated it back on May 30th I told the
world there were trump tapes I used that
phrase and I had a press conference
outside of the courthouse on May 30th so
almost two months ago I demanded their
release I then went on MSNBC and CNN and
discussed the existence of these tapes
so you know I I mean I think it's great
that it's getting all this attention
seven eight weeks later but this really
is a breaking news to call I mean I I
disclose the existence of these tapes
two months ago I'll let you write the
banners on the bottom of the screen next
time you're in New York but let me let
me you know whether we describe it as
breaking news or not take me through the
legal import of now having it confirmed
by the president's own lawyer Rudy
Giuliani that the President did
indeed have knowledge two months before
the election is what the New York Times
is reporting of the existence of
payments and he was so steeped in the
the payment conversation that he
suggested paying with the cheque rather
than cash to me that seems to be the
kind of statement that will cause more
problems down the road who was getting
cash payments if he was considering that
as an option but just take me through
the response from Donald Trump and his
lawyers today well I agree with you
Nicole I think that's going to pose a
problem but look I want to be really
clear about something this is not the
only recording there are multiple
multiple recordings our position is they
should all be released they should all
be released now it's obvious to me and
it should be obvious to anyone that
knows anything about this case where
this recording came from Michael Cohen
and his attorneys leaked this particular
recording to the New York Times I mean I
know it and anybody that's paying
attention knows it it's obvious it
obviously did not come from the Southern
District of New York and I believe I
know the reason why they leaked this
particular recording to the New York
Times which is one of many what is that
reason and when we haven't as a news
organization confirm who leaked it and
the New York Times does not address that
so that's I just want to be clear to our
viewers that that's your position but
tell us why you think this particular
recording was leaked because it's one of
many recordings and it was leaked as a
further shot across the bow aimed at
Donald Trump and the White House to let
them know that if they don't play ball
with Michael Cohen and get him in the
tent very very quickly that there's
going to be significant fallout and
you've seen a progression over the last
few weeks of these continual warning
shots aimed at Donald Trump you know
we've heard from Lanny Davis and others
that Michael Cohen is he's a patriot he
loves his country he's going to put his
country and his family above all else
well look if that's true he should
disclose all of the tapes and all of the
evidence there's nothing stopping him
from doing it the FBI is not prohibiting
him from doing it the Southern District
of New York's not prohibiting him from
do
it I mean he should do it let me ask you
about something that sam nunn berg said
he's a former campaign aide to donald
trump and he said in an interview about
his his time his interview with the
special counsel he said that our email
BER asked him they were asking you about
payments to women he said they were
asking if I knew anything about it they
were asking if you knew anything about
payments to women and number except I
think it's pretty obvious that they're
looking into this
Steve Bannon says allegedly and fire and
fury that mark caso it's one of the
president's early lawyers took care of
hundreds of women just remind me and
remind our viewers that beyond potential
campaign finance violations
what sort of legal peril could payments
to women represent for the president
well the key and I'm sorry you know it
but why would Bob Muller be asking the
president's aides about payments to
women the key Nicole is how the money
flowed from one place to another and how
it was handled whether it be by money
laundering techniques whether it be by
bank fraud potentially relating to the
opening and closing of various accounts
for instance we know that the account
that Michael Cohen opened at First
Republic Bank it's clear now that he
lied to the bank in connection with the
purpose of that account
I believe he stated it was for real
estate consulting purposes he lied to
the bank about how many transactions
were expected to occur in that account
that could potentially give rise to bank
fraud so the key here is separate apart
from the campaign finance violations or
potential violations is the flow of the
money and how it flowed in and out of
these accounts and how these payments
were made and I happen to agree with you
by the way your observation that the
fact that cash was even on the table was
even an option when you're talking about
a hundred and fifty thousand dollar
payment that in and of itself is
disturbing hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
