welcome back multiple top administration
officials warned this week that Russia
will try to continue to undermine our
democracy but it is not just our
elections that Russia is targeting
Director of National Intelligence dan
coats said that targets range from the
federal government including our
military and critical infrastructure for
American water and energy needs that is
just to name a few and Russia is not the
only threat multiple foreign adversaries
are trying to target this country
multiple senior US officials tell NBC
News that Iranian hackers have laid the
groundwork to carry out extensive cyber
attacks on US and European
infrastructure and on private companies
there's no suggestion an attack is
imminent but still Iran's cyber weapons
are at the ready I'm joined now by NBC
News intelligence and national security
reporter Kendall a nyan who was one of
the reporters who broke this story ken
tell us a little bit more about the
Iranian side of things Katie our sources
tell us that this is in direct response
to the decision by the Trump
administration to pull out of the Iran
nuclear deal and then it's a common
practice of Iran every time they they
think they are they are at a
disadvantage with the United States they
amp up their cyber probing and in this
case they are laying the groundwork for
cyber attacks in a more aggressive
manner than US officials have seen
before
probing things like electric grids and
pipeline networks and that can include
you know probing network defenses and
also implanting cyber bombs essentially
that they can detonate at a later time
now as you said there's nothing that
suggests that this is imminent the
Iranians our sources tell us still want
to see how the Iran nuclear deal shakes
out and what kind of sanctions are
imposed on them but look they are they
are a very dangerous cyber power in 2012
when they attacked Saudi Arabia's
largest oil company they turned 75
percent of the computers that at that
company into BRICS erased all the data
so imagine that happening at Walmart or
Amazon or Bank of America it's a very
serious threat the US intelligence
officials take seriously King and what
have we done to target Iran in the past
well you bring up a very good point you
know the u.s. probes networks all over
the world of our
Cerys and specifically with iran it's
widely believed that the u.s. and israel
were responsible for the sucks net virus
that targeted Iran's nuclear program and
actually did physical damage to
centrifuges and there's an argument that
Iran essentially the attacks that Iran
perpetrated against the West after that
were in response that essentially the
u.s. started it now of course US
policymakers had a very strong intent to
subdue Iran's nuclear program which they
viewed as a threat to the West but that
was a very aggressive cyber move by the
United States and Israel who does the
intelligence community see is the
biggest and most imminent threat right
now
well it's sort of neck and neck between
China and Russia some officials say
Russia is more aggressive right now but
China overall in terms of a cyber
espionage threat they they have they are
they are doing the most widespread
hacking economic hacking as well as
national security has been ouch but then
close behind would be Iran and North
Korea KT they have less technical
capability but they have the intent Iran
in North Korea to target the west and do
damage against the west in the case of
Iran though the US has the capability to
strike back and strike back hard and
part of our reporting is that they are
considering countermeasures including in
cyber space against Iran let's listen to
rod Rosen Stein at the Aspen Security
Forum talking about how he's gonna alert
the public take a listen
exposing schemes to the public is an
important way to neutralize them the
American people have a right to know if
foreign governments are targeting them
with propaganda so how is Rosenstein
gonna do this and and is this
essentially them learning from their
mistakes in 2016 it is kaity but it's
really the Department of Justice fueling
a vacuum stepping into a vacuum created
by Donald Trump there is no Trump
administration strategies to stop
foreign election intervention but rod
Rosen Stein has just articulated the
Department of Justice strategy and part
of that is he's going to step up the
prosecution of foreign actors
perpetrating these kind of campaigns and
part of it as you played there he's
going to try to make more of this public
because he feels like if he can call out
essentially a foreign actor creating a
propaganda campaign whether it's on
Twitter or Facebook back in
inoculate the public against these
divisive messages but there are a couple
of problems with that Katie one of which
is often the way they learn about these
campaigns is through classified
intelligence gathering and they are
loathe to make that public that's why
they were reluctant in 2016 early on to
say explicitly that the Russians were
intervening in the 2016 election Kendall
a nyan can remarkable reporting thank
you very much hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
