but you have been critical of the way
the president handled this week some
have described it as walk back week I
was there in the Cabinet Room when the
president said hey just want to clarify
him and wouldn't not would he said but
it could also be other people Kirsten
Nielsen said to me yesterday on stage
and Aspen now it was the Russians who
did this attack are you satisfied that
at the end of the week the president has
cleaned it all up and we're all
hunky-dory now or does he need to come
out declaratively and say once and for
all boom nope he doesn't need to come
out anymore look here's what we're all
missing which is there is a policy
towards Russia which Jeremy bash was
completely wrong about this is not the
most Pro Russia administration this
isn't even the most Pro Putin
administration we saw Barack Obama tried
to get along with Putin we saw Hillary
Clinton have a reset button we actually
had like Obama canceled he canceled
visits with Vladimir Putin witness
eventually even after meddling in our
elections as they've done election after
election he it took him some years to
get there I like him privately knock it
off might like you don't know what the
president said in private I like the
fact that it we don't know it was
reputable we don't know we so be read
out by people that were in the room here
but you only people in the room with
Vladimir Putin this is let me just
finish on the policy so that first of
all the Russian policy under Trump is
tougher than anything we saw with Obama
second of all I like the fact that he's
trying to get along with these world
leaders if it's the president of China
or if it's Putin if the relationship
goes sour I think Trump is right to say
he'll be their fiercest advocate he
didn't have the best day in the press
conference after the meeting he should
have in a week I think the week is fine
because at the end of the day this week
was fine absolutely because I think the
problem with the news coverage of what
happened even this ridiculous question
that was asked in the Cabinet Room is
that there's so much coverage about what
he might have said or didn't say each
question every which this specific
question about whether he thought that
the Russians had metal then he said no
and it wasn't if he thought the Russians
had metals do you believe they are still
targeting paragraphs but he said no he
said no to a answering question but you
know let me just say one thing I've been
in that room with him a dozen times
before he is never once I will say this
to the audience never once the entire
time I've been there
no to answering questions he said thank
you sometimes to get us out there he
said no and then he answered the next
question so he wasn't saying so dance
worth covering this is the problem the
coverage of the relationship with Putin
let me just finish here the coverage of
the relationship with Putin is the
silliness what is the policy towards
Putin's Russia the policy towards Putin
restaurant Putin's Russia is the
toughest the most people have been
kicked out of the country the consulate
is closed down the trade controls put on
their products it's tougher you will
have to admit it's tough for them we've
seen under President Obama we're getting
to a wordsmith argument what I would say
is but the president's allowed to engage
in personal diplomacy that's his
constitutional office a highly
personalized diplomacy from this but
yeah it's clear you're saying it don't
cover but Matt you and I both guys did
American Bush let me just say we watch
for two hours Americans watch that news
country weren't in the inside for two
hours but for more than an hour we watch
that news conference Americans made
their own judgments it's not just me I
know publicans who said this is not a
gang grid' said this as I said I said
the same thing yeah I have no problem
with PB it's your job as a journalist to
be critical of the president I'm any
issue with that my point is is that what
do the American people need to know
about our relationship with Russia first
of all it should not be reported if
there's anything inappropriate about a
president having confidential
conversations with translators with
foreign leaders I work for a president
who did that his father did that let me
offer my presidents have done that
there is nothing inappropriate let me
finish nothing inappropriate with that
when they have these personal
discussions they come back and get
staffed out the fact that the president
came back to Americans sat with his
staff and realized it would be
inappropriate they said Americans
overseas am coach still does not true
dan coats his problem was is that if
you're gonna go give a speech at Aspen
maybe you ought to call the National
Security Advisor maybe I ought to check
in with the White House he wasn't
prepped for that in America that's just
wrong knowing what happened I worked
with the cabinet it was one of my jobs
as the political director for the
president the cabin has an obligation to
stay hooked up with the president's you
think was a good wife president to me
because wife for two hours alone with
Vladimir Putin he wasn't alone he had a
translator and okay fine Peters your
he's your president and he's my
president he is the constitutional let
me finish this I mean is the
constitutional right and obligation to
carry out our foreign policy there's
no law that says what staffer what
cabinet secretary you have to have in
the room with Gorbachev Reagan met with
Gorbachev was just translators Bush
never but you recognize let me just say
this said last week there were 12
indictments of foreign military
operatives within Russia indictments
that they've invited happen in the US
election when the president put out a
statement where the White House put out
a statement the statement did not once
condemn the Russian military
intelligence team for meddling in our
election all it said was there's no
evidence of collusion you're the pro way
to say is your point that you think the
president is pleased that the Russians
meddled with our elections my point is
why won't the president just say to
Americans I'm your president yours and
mine and say we will not I know he's my
president
okay everybody why won't he say that to
Americans and why went a little meddling
he would not say it to everyone's face
look one of your competitors we're in a
hole real of half-a-dozen times in which
he said exactly what you like and if you
want we can play that real because I was
there for a lot of them and after he
said I believe it was Russia the next
sentence he said but it could have been
other people including one of those
hands he said it could be a foreign
person in his basement and know as well
as I do that when he's now you're
bossing over very important fact which
is it's not just Russia that tries to
destabilize yours to Neils Choni it is
true like if you know we know there were
other trenton was this attack trusted
russia and secretary when it comes to
cyber terrorism it is China
so you're just wrong so I believe that
Russia was not the primary attack that
took place in the 2016 election line I
think the way he answers the question is
I think it was Russia nobody's doing I I
think the words that here is speaking on
who hacks our society who hacks our
previous elections by the way previous
elections Obama's elections our
elections were meddled with with Russia
and other countries
he still met with those world leaders
there wasn't one story on this network
about that he did that because it was
his obligation as there was a network
that he met with world leaders after the
election had been had been meddled with
let's take a listen you were talking
about the past times the president I'm
critical I think we have that tape let's
play some of the past criticisms in
their full context they said they think
Russia I have President Putin he just
said it's not Russia I will say this I
don't see any reason why it would be the
sentence should have been I don't see
any reason why it wouldn't be Russia
President Putin was extremely strong and
powerful in his denial
I accept our intelligence community's
conclusion that Russia's meddling in the
2016 election took place you say you
agree with US intelligence that's Russia
meddled in the election in 2016 and I've
said that before if I have said that
numerous times before and I would say
that that is true yeah coach says the
threat is ongoing
do you agree with that well I'd accept
it I mean he's an expert those are the
wrong clips whether they're the reason
that you're referring to pass but and
we're gonna try to grab this I have
those statements where were the second
before I bots are far less conclusive
than you you replayed the the press
conference after meeting with Putin that
night I went on television and said that
he should have said it in a different
way in what he said it was problematic
he then dialed that back for all kinds
of reasons mostly because he realized
that he had misspoken
but for the last but he misspoke again
vote for the last 18 months which was
not in that montage he has made it clear
that he understands that Russia meddled
in our election but all that Americans
will be the judge of that opinion if
that's a problem it the problem is with
that is that this other question which
which is what this special counsel is
all about right yeah which is this idea
that Trump colluded with Russia it's not
all about Trump colluding with Ramos no
no no that's not true
it is true that's not true the special
counsel was the position was created for
him to be able to determine the route of
Russia's meddling in the election the
and to see whether or not there was any
cooperation because you know collusion
is also not a criminal act right whether
there was cooperation collaboration
between the Trump campaign
I love the fact that the special council
is focusing on what the American people
I doesn't the president said he finish
the answer that the special council is
focused on what the American people need
to know they need to know the extent of
the shenanigans in 2016 and the extent
to which the Obama administration did
not keep our elections safe let me
finish and the fact that the very tippy
top of the FBI and our intelligence how
many Trump's the dizzy Watson seemed to
be want to be involved in stopping Trump
which is a quote from Peter struck that
is a very problematic thing for
Americans to try to die chance the one
who use WikiLeaks from the very
beginning it's one thing that people
want to review right now the
department's wait the president used
wiki leaders the president to say the
president said he knew with WikiLeaks I
think that's a dangerous thing to say
the prep this is not me saying that the
president said I want to get Jeremy in
here to let him defend himself for this
conversation but on a hundred and
forty-one separate occasions the
president invoked WikiLeaks including
the same day that according the new
indictments that you said he's we're
saying he's cited WikiLeaks I'm okay
with you cited WikiLeaks but on another
occasion on the very day that for the
first time the GRU units according to
the investigation cording that
indictment went in and started trying to
prod information out of the DNC this is
the same day that summer though you may
be charged charged that the president
when he was a candidate had something to
do with what WikiLeaks did charges I'm a
journalist I'm saying that's one of the
things they are reviewing that on the
very same day the GRU began looking for
things that's the day that President
Trump said hey if you guys have anything
out there Russia please release it
Jeremy bachelor want you to get into
this conversation what do you have to
make of what we've just heard from
MATLAB first that is that is not
unreasonable that's a double negative
compliment Matt that I think I think I
think Matt it Miz is not corrected in
the following ways first the President
did say I love WikiLeaks during the
campaign it's not that he was citing
them who's actually endorsing them
WikiLeaks is an agent of the Russian
Federation that's been stated by Mike
Pompeo third as far as our foreign
policy just take a look at the record
the president said he wants Russia in
the g7 that's a very pro-russian
position he has said he doesn't believe
in the NATO alliance and the NATO
alliance is obsolete as a very
pro-russian position and basically
you've said that we're gonna keep a half
as
excuse me Bashar Assad in Syria in power
that's a very pro-russian position
because it consolidates Russian power
there so with all of these things we now
have a foreign policy that has been
reshaped by the influence that Putin has
had on our president whether it's a
return on the investment for the support
for the campaign I don't think we know
that yet I think there's a strong reason
to be worried about it but the very
least this bromance the secret summit
and the sequel are causing a lot of
concern for people in the Republican
Party including John McCain Lindsey
Graham bob corker who are all explaining
that our pro-russian foreign policy is
not in the best interest in United
States I think you're a conservative I
think it's when if the president ever
gives the indication that Russia did not
meddle in our elections he's making an
incorrect statement the press conference
he had after meeting with Vladimir Putin
he realized he had made an incorrect
statement and he cleaned it up that you
were wrong to say that this is the most
probe Putin administration he's simply
trying to get along with a world leader
we had Barack Obama trying to get along
with the with the mass murderer
Castro's in Cuba and with the mullahs in
Iran he did that because he thought that
was his role as the president of the
United States we ought to give the
president United States in this case
Donald Trump the ability to try to get
along with world leaders that are
important while at the same time he has
had a policy has EE tough on Putin as
President Obama was it the right idea
Matt was it the right idea for the
president to take three days to sort of
mull over this idea of allowing Russia
then it's a fair question but I just say
why you want to be tough on Russia you
can't support that but why are we going
through all of the ridiculousness around
the decisions aren't you happy Peter
that he came back from the summit talked
to his advisors and did two things had
clarity on the fact that Russia did
meddle in our elections I didn't see
them and number two there is clarity and
number two he talked to his advisors
about this idea about food having
something to do with investigating
Americans and vice versa
do you want him to consult with his
advisors or not you can't on one hand
say oh there's no advisors in the room
that's a terrible thing it's a secret
summit and then he talks as if his
visors comes up with the right answer
and criticized it because he talked too
long to his advisors
silly I was overtired as I flew back
from Aspen at this summit from yesterday
I'm wide awake now after this
conversation
I appreciate thanks for having this
conversation with me yeah hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
