we have breaking news just in from the
New York Times the FBI has seized a
recording that was made during they
seized it during the raid at Michael
Cohen's office it's a recording of
Donald Trump and Michael Cohen
discussing a payment to a Playboy model
Rudy Giuliani mr. Trump's lawyer has
confirmed to the New York Times that mr.
Trump discussed the payments with mr.
Cohen on tape he is denying that the
payment was ever made but the recording
is less than two minutes long the New
York Times says the FBI got it when they
raided Michael Collins office Karen
McDougal the former playmate these
payments were allegedly paid to cover up
an affair the President had with miss
mcdougal while he was married to First
Lady Melania Trump Matt Apuzzo who is
one of the writers who has broken the
story from the New York Times joins us
now on the phone Matt I'm gonna start
yeah what right yes lordy there are
tapes so it was important remember about
MacDougall's cases that she came forward
to the National Enquirer in the final
months of the campaign and said I had
this consensual affair with Donald Trump
and I want to tell my story and they
paid her but then they never ran the
story and it's what's known in the
tabloid world is capture and kill and
what it effectively kept the story from
coming out during the campaign now when
the Wall Street Journal broke this story
days before Election Day the existence
of the alleged affair the Trump campaign
denied everything we don't know anything
about the payment we'd the affair never
happen to know anything about it well it
turns out that that in a conversation
taped during the campaign Michael Cohen
and Donald Trump discussed possible
payments okay to make Google no Matt
let's pack this up who taped this
conversation because this is not the FBI
they forgot the deep breath Michael :
the self-described
fixer who for years and years has put
Donald Trump and his well-being first
he's the one who taped the conversation
with Trump yes ah so Cohen was like this
attack dog
pitbull that that Trump used to stick on
his adversaries and journalists and and
he frequently taped his conversations
with his adversaries and and that was to
Donald Trump's benefit because it gave
Cullen leverage and now it appears that
that very practice has now boomerangs
back on the president because Donald
Trump's own conversation was recorded by
Michael Cohen his loyal attorney and
fixer and this this recording we don't
know what legally whether this impacts
the present legally because the tape
hasn't been made public but it's very
existence calls yet again into question
the the honesty of the Trump campaign
during the campaign about his
relationships with women and what he did
to to kind of keep those so really it's
two very important issues here the first
is that did Donald Trump and the
campaign lie about the relationship both
with Karen McDougal and what was done
about it so that's one piece the second
piece is if the recordings took place
during the campaign that gives credence
to the argument that the payments were
made in order to protect the campaign
and that then could be a campaign
finance violation exactly right and
prosecutors in manhattan federal
prosecutors in manhattan are
investigating whether these payments
were made to help the campaign and if so
are those does that violate federal
campaign finance law and walk us through
what Giuliani has said about this well
so Giuliani has confirmed the existence
of the tape to us but we brought this to
him he said well this is exculpatory
because Trump suggested to Cohen that if
he were to make a payment to MacDougal
what he should do that in by cheque
rather than sending cash so it would be
properly documented but what's so weird
about this is is they didn't pay a check
they paid this woman through the
National Enquirer which is by David
pecker a friend and ally of President
Trump's for decades correct so while the
president says I mean sorry well Rudy
Giuliani says well this is exculpatory
what it actually does is it shows that
they were talking about make
payments to her in one way and then they
went and did a secret payment to her in
a totally different way so it's all very
you know it's all very murky the the
legal argument that the president's
lawyers are putting forward right now
it's hard to make it line up with the
the chronology as we know it
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
