time for money power politics the
markets opened minutes ago down just
about 60 points following the
president's remarks about bringing the
tariffs total to 500 billion bucks on
Chinese goods during an interview on
CNBC I raised 50 and they matched us
they say you don't match us you can't
match just because otherwise we're
always going to be behind you get to 500
go to 500 we've got with the midterms
actually think that's well if it does it
does look I'm not doing this 20 percent
I'm doing this to do the right thing for
our country we have been ripped off by
China for a long time we're ready to go
to 500 has a lot of folks talking and
some nervous futures fell to their
lowest after the airing of the interview
this morning but that wasn't the only
eyebrow raising moment from the CNBC
interview I put a very good man in the
Fed I don't necessarily agree with it
because he's raising interest rates I'm
not saying that I agree with it and I
don't necessarily agree or that I must
tell you I don't I'm not thrilled
because you know we go up and every time
you go up they want to raise rates again
and I don't really I am not happy about
it but at the same time I'm letting them
do what they feel is best
now I'm just saying the same thing that
I would have said as a private citizen
so somebody would say oh maybe you
shouldn't say that as a president I
couldn't care less what they say because
my views haven't changed well you're not
a private citizen breaking an unspoken
rule a president does not criticize the
Federal Reserve it is supposed to be
independent but here's the thing
President Trump has criticized it before
in 2016 as a candidate but here's the
thing it was an entirely different take
on interest rates then he told a very
different story
take a listen Janet Yellen is highly
political and she's not raising rates
for a very specific reason because Obama
told her not to he's keeping them
artificially low to get Obama retired
watch what's gonna happen after which
it's a very serious problem and I think
it's very political I think she's very
political and to a certain extent I
think she should be ashamed of herself I
used to hope that the Fed was in the
and the Fed is obviously not independent
it's obviously not even close to being
independent
joining me now Jason firmers Furman
senior fellow at the Peterson Institute
and former chairman of President Obama's
Council of Economic Advisers and my
friend Dan Nathan principal of risk
reversal advisors and a CNBC contributor
Jason you know I've got to go to you
first on this I want you to clarify what
the president is talking about because
when rates when Janet Yellen had rates
so low we were coming out of a financial
crisis and now every day and on Sundays
President Trump and take a look of Anka
Trump are boasting about this great
economy we have about the
extraordinarily low jobs numbers we have
so why on earth would it make sense to
keep rate so low ya know I was in the
Obama administration for eight years and
I can tell you no one I knew publicly or
privately ever said anything to the Fed
about what they should do I think the
Fed did an excellent job then we were in
a really deep recession they said they
were gonna keep rates low for long they
did that and I think the Fed is doing
now you know a perfectly reasonable
thing rates are still in a very
accommodationist placed I really don't
understand what the president's
complaining about you have low
unemployment stable inflation you know
why did he pick this time to worry about
this issue I have no idea
Sarah Sanders calls it the greatest
economy since World War two dan this
puzzled me the president says he is
gambling the market gains he's got a
cushion that's why he can put these
tariffs in place and maybe the market
will drop but he can it's not the right
move to say let me gamble okay listen
you know I think you could talk about
the politics of what he's trying to do
here I think it makes some sense he
wants to be tough with China you know I
think gambling with market games you
know we're just chatting about it since
the election the S&P 500 up 31 percent
not 40 percent which each one of them
parodied you know Joe Kernan of CNBC you
know the anchor of squawk box said the
market is up 40 percent it's not Joe the
market is up 31 percent so let's just
fact check that because then the
president repeated that lie and said it
was up 40 percent
I think they're right to kind of play
with things the S&P 500 is just a few
percent from its all-time highs here the
markets really consolidated over the
course of this year I think what's most
important about this commentary about
interest rates is this Jerome Powell is
a good guy Larry Kudlow said it the
other day Trump said it yesterday he
knows that he has to be independent here
let me just talk about a little bit
about where we are in this recovery that
Jason just mentioned we're nine years
and there's were no longest postwar
recoveries ever recessions gonna happen
on Jay Powell's watch okay his
predecessors who ran the Fed okay
Greenspan had to lower the Fed Funds
rate from six and a half percent down to
one to battle the recession that we had
that started and Oro won whatever that
period and then Ben Bernanke had to
lower the Fed Funds rate from five and a
half percent to zero okay after the
financial crisis they need some room to
play in the next sort of crisis that we
have and it's probably going to come on
Jay Powell's watch so this normalization
of interest rates makes total sense it
has to happen we came off a zero
interest rate bound for seven years that
has to happen what doesn't have to
happen is the president lying again
about numbers he said in that interview
Jason that the trade deficit with China
was five hundred and seven billion in
2017 when in fact it was three hundred
and seventy five billion the president
is right China has been getting away
with murder
for a long time and we need to do
something about it
walk us through do these tariffs make
sense and why on earth the president
would be straight-up lying when he
doesn't need to be right I think the
question is what is our objective visa v
China if it is what they're doing on you
know intellectual property the treatment
of businesses there the way they are
advantaging their own businesses at the
expense of ours those are all really
legitimate issues we should be bringing
cases we should be working in a
multilateral basis we should be bringing
pressure if what the president is
concerned about is the trade deficit
there's not a whole lot he can do to
lower that trade deficit in fact by
driving up the budget deficit borrowing
a lot we're gonna be borrowing even more
from China and probably running a larger
trade deficit with them because of those
policies okay walk me through this with
China because
campaign trail Dan the president said on
a regular basis that China was a
currency manipulator he got that live
from Peter Navarro after he was elected
Gary Cohn and Steve minuchin walked him
over to the Labor Department they said
we actually have a model for this we put
in every currency and look here they're
not a currency manipulator and now the
president has put forth his lie again
why would he do some runs the risk by
pushing them too far right now yuan is
that the weakest spot it's been in a
very long time versus the US dollar this
is one of the really most important
things that they can do when you think
about that that deficit the trade
deficits they can weaken their currency
or just kind of let it float a little
lower without any intervention that's
going on right now so they run the risk
of that as far as the dollar is
concerned as far as manipulation you
know one of the reasons why we lowered
interest rates after the financial
crisis was to weaken our dollar we had a
massive decline in the dollar so what
happened in 2014 when we ended zero
interest rate policy in 2015 we ended
quantitative easing the tush started to
rally and that was reflective of the
growth that we were seeing leading this
global recovery so so to me the dollar
where it is it's still down about seven
eight percent from its recent highs here
it's a pretty stable level here and
we're seeing the push and pull corporate
earnings right now we're seeing a little
bit of encouragement people are talking
about its rate it's it's you know up
over the last few months but it's still
down or about where it was a couple
years ago so I think we're okay here on
the dog mr. Furman is 73 percent of
Republicans and Republican leaning
independents say these increased tariffs
are a good thing for our country does it
surprise you that Republicans would take
that stance I mean universally I think
Americans are happy that the president
wants to take a stand but to hear
Republicans be a-ok with tariffs that's
my head scratcher ya know I think it's
become a social identity issue an issue
of political psychology because
certainly you know an awful lot of the
people who voted for President Trump are
you know working in farming and they're
now facing Chinese tariffs they're
working in American industries that use
steel and aluminum and they've seen
their costs go up their jobs are at risk
they're shopping in stores where they're
buying products
made from abroad and and they're paying
more for them so I think people are
being hurt in so many different ways
like this but a lot of this just comes
down to you know I think this sort of
social identity group solidarity and
this is the fight we're in now and I
think that's really sad because
ultimately it's it's really the American
people including the ones that voted for
President Trump that are gonna be hurt
by all of this
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
