so so let's let's talk about what we
just heard Brett Stephens obviously you
have a balancing act for an awful lot of
people that work for this White House
who actually feel like sometimes I feel
like they need to leave other times they
feel like they need to stay there and
keep doing the sort of thing that
dan coates did yesterday and it's been
doing through the week what what's your
take on the balancing act that they're
making and when they should finally just
throw in the towel yeah I think with a
lot of these guys they they tell
themselves privately that they're
cleaning up for the president but more
recently I think they're covering up for
the president I think that goes
particularly for John Bolton and
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo now I've
known I've known both men for four years
I'm sure you have and if they've had one
consistent view or two consistent views
--is first of all don't negotiate with
dictators in North Korea they never keep
their word it's a fool's gambit the
United States should never do that and
secondly don't trust the Russians
especially former KGB agents like of Lad
Amir Putin now here you have both men
going along with probably the most
accommodationist or appeasement oriented
policy that an American president has
had and as long as you and I can
remember I mean this puts the Russian
reset to shame in terms of the way in
which President Trump has consistently
reached out to Putin has apologized for
him has taken his side in disputes and
at some point you have to ask yourself
where you have to ask John and Mike how
long can you go along with this policy
and and and and honor your conscience to
say nothing of nothing of your country I
just don't see how they can do it except
unless they're so addicted to the
aphrodisiac of power that they're gonna
run with it for as long as they stay in
office with Jim Carney you and I and a
lot of our friends have grown up
listening to John Bolton especially and
while I wasn't thrilled about John
Bolton going to work for the
Whitehouse because I didn't know that he
could play well with others
the the two things that it gave me
solace was the fact that nobody in
Washington DC has been tougher on Russia
and Iran and specifically Vladimir Putin
than John Bolton you can do a quick
google search on bolton and russia and
come up with just potpourri of tough no
compromise comments about how flat amir
putin is corrupt ex KGB agent who wants
to take over western europe well I think
I think there's two interesting divides
going on here in fact right at this
table with with me and Brett sort of the
highlights a divide on the right one
what you have with Bolton and Pompeyo
and why you know I think you're reaching
out to them right is that they are very
hawkish Republicans who are more likely
to want to push things up to the point
of conflict whether it's up to the point
of war in Syria that sort of thing but
the other is just the attitude towards
Trump I think a lot of us Bret and I
were both you could have called us never
Trump conservatives during the election
but after the election I don't think
that phrase means anything so the idea
that oh they're still supporting Trump
they're still working for Trump for me
the question is on what given policy so
are they helping Trump appease Putin or
are they trying to push Trump in the
right direction on Putin so I don't
think it may make sense to say oh well
you're still on Trump's side you're
you're he's doing these bad things you
need to quit I think the job of
everybody whether it's somebody in the
administration like Pompeii or Bolton or
whether it's conservative commentators
like us is to push Trump in the right
direction he's not on the ballot right
now to oppose Trump is a meaningless
idea when he's not on the ballot but
I'll even put something even a little
more out there and it's a little in the
weeds but you also don't have government
functioning at full capacity so if you
have a Pompeo design what happens to the
people at Secretary of State right now
the three top cyber people including an
assistant director at the FBI are
leaving that means those are vacancies
in cyber as we're going into the 2018
midterm election so resigning is a great
concept but we need our government to be
King as well well and there's so many
situations John Heilemann for instance
if for some reason dan coates was pushed
out was fired or resigned under pressure
it's just like Jeff Sessions good luck
having a United States Senate allow
Donald Trump to replace him with anybody
else that's why the firing of Dan Coates
under these circumstances is just not
possible let's get though let's get back
though to John Bolton though who
actually one year ago today
Nicky Egan points out to Alex and the
rest of us one year ago today Vladimir
Putin this is this is a John Bolton
op-ed and his headline is Vladimir Putin
looked Donald Trump in the eye and lied
to him we negotiate with Russia at our
own peril where are those conservative
cold war hawks these days oh wait he's
he's locked outside the door when Donald
Trump is talking to his chief Vladimir
Putin well right Joe I think it's a
obviously a it's a stunning thing that's
happened with John Bolton and Alan I'd
take it back to Breton to Tim just
because I think you're pointing to a
very interesting divided among we used
to be called never Trump Republicans
isn't a part of the the flaw in your
argument potentially that there doesn't
seem to be any real effect you know if
John Bolton is there to try to moderate
Trump's tendencies towards Putin doesn't
this last week make you look up and say
on how am i effecting this policy in a
positive way and isn't it better for the
country if as I think what Brett by gala
you speak for yourself and I think for
Republicans of informer never Trump
Republicans or current every foreigner
below because or your mindset is the
countries in crisis well the
government's not functioning something's
going on here that's deeply disturbing
between Donald Trump and and Vladimir
Putin and it would be the argument for
Mike Pompeo or Dan coach to quit would
be this is the moment where we need to
stand together and act in unison to
signal to the country that we are in a
crisis moment now and we no longer have
the ability to moderate Donald Trump's
tendencies because he is
being away the store to Putin for
reasons we don't understand we can't you
can't change the way Donald Trump as a
person behaves he is you know this very
big child who is not containable
but the administration can be learned so
if you look at how the administration
has been visa vie Russia
it hasn't been told it hasn't been Oh be
sent towards Russia it's Trump the man
and in the room with Putin the man
that's a problem look but you know I
mean they used to say about Reagan let
reagan be Reagan and I'm tempted to say
let Trump be Trump the the president
does we elected Donald Trump as
president or portion of America did he
is the president he deserves to have
cabinet officers we're gonna follow out
his policies and his instincts and there
are plenty of people there I can imagine
Secretary of State Tucker Carlson
national security adviser said Gore that
was what wondering these are people with
incredible ethical elasticity and they
reflect and and they're gonna reflect
the men right now you have people sit
consoling themselves with a lie which is
okay Pompeo and Bolton these guys are
hawks and they're gonna keep the
president check the truth is that we
have an executive system of government
in which the president has secretaries
we call them secretaries for a reason
they have purely administrative
functions to carry out his policies and
we are deceiving ourselves if we think
that putting in a John Kelly trunk coats
is gonna modulate or moderate the policy
Americans need to see just what kind of
government they really have well and
yeah and yet you mean if you look at the
policies of this administration if you
look at what's actually been passed in
Congress with the sanctions if you look
at the statements of everybody around
Donald Trump from you and ambassador
nikki Haley to Vice President Mike Pence
when he is not lathering Donald Trump in
praise I go back to when he went to the
Baltics and delivered an anti-putin
anti-russia speech every bit as tough as
Ronald Reagan's if you look at the
people around Donald Trump who Donald
Trump is appointed they are let's just
say harsher on Russia than george w bush
a barack obama both were
the policy seemed to be harsher on
Russia then than they were under Bush or
Barack Obama and yet right at the center
of this you're a man tweeting and making
statements that actually make him look
like he's an agent of an ex-kgb
officer it is it is hard for our allies
to sort through but to borrow ross
perot's phrase if you look at where the
rubber meets the road our we do have
some policies on russia that are fairly
tough well when I talk to sources they
tell me that there's you have to make
the difference between what President
Trump is doing his rhetoric his actions
even his body language in the Helsinki
press conference which I attended and
the actual policies the United States
which are tough on Russia with the the
Trump administration has expelled
Russian officials they've closed
consulates they have not let up on the
Russian sanctions so there's this idea
that when when I talk to people I talked
to the Douglas flute who was the US
ambassador to NATO former ambassador to
NATO he told me while all that was going
on and he was going and NATO allies are
gonna start dealing or trying to plan
workarounds for the United States
because they don't trust the United
States under Trump the Trump
administration the actual nuts and bolts
of what came out of it was that that the
United States is not changing our
relationship with NATO that we're not
taking out troops of any of the NATO
military operations that said being in
that meeting being in that press
conference it was happening in a finland
but it could have been happening in
Russia Vladimir Putin spoke first his
body language at the beginning of the
day was kind of slumped in his chair but
by the time that press conference came
around he was standing up he was
smirking he was smiling he felt like he
was the host and anything you could tell
that he was having a good time here and
I think that's what's wearing a lot of
people and of course there's that 90
minute meeting that turned in at a
two-hour one-on-one session where
intelligence communities are still
trying to figure out what was said and
that's what's really scary about this
the people who work for President Trump
still don't know what he gave away to
Vladimir Putin and Kenny K these are
such bizarre times Cadi where you have
again you have Donald Trump
bowing and scraping to an ex-kgb agent
who maintains power through
assassination and tries to undermine
tries to undermine American democracy
and Western democracies but again you
look at the administration's positions
against Russia and you know I'm torn I
mean first of all we because Donald
Trump is so obsequious toward Vladimir
Putin you know that we have to have the
toughest policies at toughest sanctions
possible against Vladimir Putin at the
same time when you take a step back you
go well wait we at some point we need to
start actually building a positive
relationship with the Russians but it
seems that Donald Trump's bowing and
scraping actually gets in the way of us
being able to have any constructive
talks with the Russians yeah and this is
the confusion surrounding us
Russian relationships at the moment I
spoke yesterday to build Browder he was
the american-born financier who was also
on that list of people that President
Putin wants to have interrogated by the
Russian officials he was the guy that
led to the passing of the Magnitsky Act
and he was horrified at the idea that
Donald Trump's gut in that meeting is to
say that this is an incredible offer
this is where Donald Trump seems to want
to come from to pacify Vladimir Putin to
agree with Vladimir Putin to give in to
Vladimir Putin or something so
substantial as handing over Americans
and American born people to be
interrogated by Russian officials and
yet even he even bill Browder said yeah
but when it comes to policies America is
very tough at the moment on Russia and
the Trump administration has actually
been tougher on Russia than the Obama
administration was so and I this is
where the confusion is if if the Trump
administration is going to be so tough
with these sanctions with the closing of
consulates with hitting people who are
close to Putin some of the oligarchs who
are close to Putin personally then why
is it so hard for Donald Trump to then
also say that
as dan coates did and as chris rated
vladimir putin was responsible for
meddling in the u.s. elections nothing
happens in Russia without Vladimir Putin
say so and it must never happen again
Russia is the aggressor here we heard it
from members of his government over the
course the last 24 hours
and yet he just can't say it it's almost
like it's a personal thing with Putin
rather than a policy issue with Russia
itself well and that's Donny that's what
is I mean it's what this past week has
shown we we need to separate the
personal from the policy and I know
Donald Trump thinks of personal is the
policy but it's not and I just I just
let's think about again just digging in
this digging into this much more we have
a president who does look like he is
owned by Vladimir Putin looks that way
I don't think I don't think it is hard
for anyone to deny that it doesn't look
like he's afraid of Vladimir Putin and
Vladimir Putin has something on him Joe
he'd done that sad I'm sad but okay he
dies all right okay you and I know Trump
we both believe that he does in fact I
would I would bet everything bet an
awful lot bet a lot on that okay so we
have that fact all right now let's go to
the next step but he is appointed people
that actually are tough on Russia he's
appointed John Bolton who even a year
ago was calling Putin a liar that you
couldn't trust and you couldn't
negotiate with Mike Pompeo who's always
been a conservatives conservative on
Iran and Russia Dan Coates I mean that
guy a rock-ribbed conservative from
Indiana a senator he's and and he's
throwing fast balls at Putin's head
Christopher a no fear I mean Christopher
a says what he believes goes after it
says the Russians are meddling secretary
mattis secretary mattis when Donald
Trump was attacking nato secretary
mattis What did he say said NATO was so
important that if it didn't exist we
would have had to invent it
what do these five people have in common
they have many things in common but one
thing they have in common is Donald
Trump appointed all of them and they're
all tough on Russia and they're all
speaking out when Donald Trump's being
obsequious so I'm gonna mean this isn't
as simple as Brett Stephen said he could
be appointing people who are Craven
cowards who weren't conservatives who
will do whatever Donald Trump tells him
to do Sean Hannity could be Secretary of
State
I mean and you could go down the list
there are a lot of Craven people who
were trying to undermine Bob Muller's
investigation he could appoint them Mis
Attorney General it's almost like he
knows that he can't but it is not a tale
of two cities it is a tale of two
administration's yeah I mean what you're
suggesting is it's a fascinating point
is okay if we go on the premise and
there is no other explanation you cannot
we could sit with some lurid folks and
say why is he so subservience right well
obviously he's owned whether it's a tape
whether it's 20 years of business
dealings but then you punch a hole and I
go well if that's the case to your point
why is he not surrounding himself with
less hawkish people I believe he's doing
a balancing act because at the end of
the day I don't think he I think on some
level he knows he loses his base he
loses who he is if he goes in either way
but but but but on a personal level he
is just afraid of stepping over that one
one-on-one boundary of it's me versus
him or I'm gonna say this personally
about him because at the end of the day
he is owned our president despite the
fact to your point in this this would
put some kind of holes in that theory
does surround himself with hawkish
people there is no other explanation and
if you understand the way this man has
done business that he is owned by our
number one geopolitical enemy I'm going
to say it again he is owned you're
shaking your head know what there's no
other explain I don't give me an you
can't use the explanation well he's
concerned about the validity of his life
as Joe pointed out he was doing this
before the election
give me one other rational explanation
all explanation
he likes strong men and here so some
evidence to show why my explanation is
simpler and you know Occam's razor
suggests it over your explanation when
he's talking about Kim jong-un he was on
Voice of America with Greta Van Susteren
and she said you're talking to the North
Korean people here what do you have to
say about Kim jong-un he said this gross
praisings well Kim jong-un feels very
warmly about the North Korea so called
the Rocket Man yeah what but the little
rock a gross praise for Kim jong-un fits
into the same category as the attitude
towards Putin which fits into the same
category as a praise for duterte and his
attitude towards ruin so all these guys
all these strong men dictators he but
he's up to them
so you and Kim have stuff he's a schmuck
or a stooge leads to the same we say
okay we could lead to leads to the same
conclusion it's also possible to think
that he's had a kind of ideological
affinity for for Russia a psychological
affinity for for strongmen at the end of
the day you have a president who is
determined to buck his advisors and seek
a relationship with Russia which is
antithetical to the interests of the
free world and that should matter to us
all and by the way what one final
important point yes he surrounded
himself with Russia Hawks but the
mistake is to think that the Hawks are
influencing him the truth is he is
transforming the nature and the ideology
of the Republican Party the number of
Republicans who take a dim view of lad
Amir Putin is down since 2015 the number
of Republicans who approve of Ladda near
putin has more than doubled its not just
25% but he is he is winning his way
towards transforming the foreign policy
of the party to what it used to be in
the 1930s quasi isolationist America
first dismissive of the interests of the
free world and of our allies and
sympathetic to autocrats and whether the
explanation is a conspiracy theory or
the fact that he simply is
is in love with strong men or that he's
always liked liked Russians at the end
of the day that's less interesting than
what the result is for u.s. foreign
policy thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
