we turn to one of the most important
economic developments of the Trump era
and the president's not tweeting about
it Paul Ryan's not discussing it
interviews but it could be key both in
the midterms and even the next election
I'm talking tonight about our deficit
you know from Paul Ryan to Mitch
McConnell to the Tea Party to Magga the
GOP has long claimed that it is fiscally
conservative and anti deficit in fact
you may remember when Obama was
president GOP leaders blasted the
existence of any deficit as a fiscal and
moral crisis they are in denial they're
in denial about the debt fourteen point
three trillion dollars they're in denial
about the deficit they didn't want to
see a nation in debt they want us to pay
our bills in our time yes this level of
debt is unsustainable but it is also
immoral immoral keep that word in mind
that was of course Speaker John Boehner
he was ousted by a tea party movement
that clamored about runaway spending and
the members of that movement may have
cared a lot about it we're talking
tonight about what Republican leaders
did about it consider that that deficit
obsession was also embraced by Boehner
x' replacement paul ryan and the current
Senate leader Mitch McConnell so the
only reason the unemployment extension
hasn't passed is because our friends on
the other side simply refused to pass a
bill that does not add to the debt
that's it what's reckless Bob is the one
point six trillion dollar deficit we're
running this year he doubles the debt
after his term in office and triples it
by the end of his budget he sends our
debt on an upward trajectory that is
completely unsustainable Paul Ryan
talking about a president the last one
sending us on an unsustainable deficit
explosion now the new president Donald
Trump also echoed Paul Ryan when he said
he wouldn't let that happen during his
run for president Barack Obama has has
doubled during his fairly short period
of years he's doubled our national debt
double-deck so that's the record it's
all
public republican politicians insisting
they address this deficit problem if
they got power and here's what happened
new numbers out today show the budget
deficit exploding to seven hundred and
seventy nine billion dollars in 2018
under trump that is a six year high what
you see on your screen gives lie to
every promise you just heard on your
screen so what do they say about it well
Mitch McConnell was pressed and he
claims the real problem now is something
else not the new tax cuts but the way we
have a long-running safety net it's very
disturbing and it's driven by the three
big entitlement programs that are very
popular Medicare Social Security and
Medicaid so that's the new message from
Mitch McConnell and presumably the other
Republican politicians don't worry about
the fact that this is exactly what they
said they wouldn't do blame something
else now take a look the big driver the
newest thing happening here is of course
the Trump tax cut and you can see under
Obama the annual deficit even with the
social safety net was going down the
blue is the deficit going down and 2017
and 2018 especially is it going back up
under a red Republican president with
big tax cuts it's not until this year as
the Trump tax cut takes effect that you
see the real spike and the problem is
deeper than that Republicans they said
these tax cuts would be for everyone
that it was a kind of an economic
stimulus Donald Trump even talked about
that but then look at the facts when you
see what Donald Trump promised right
after the tax could actually went
through right after signing it right
after signing it we'll put this up on
the screen there he was signing a lot of
bills and then he addressed his
supporters at mar-a-lago and said you
all just got richer that was a moment of
honesty from Donald Trump
they got richer the people who spend a
hundreds of thousands of dollars to be
mar-a-lago members that is why the tax
cuts are pretty controversial that's why
they're not being talked about as much
in the midterm races and that's why
everything you just saw tonight
Republican politicians telling everyone
that deficits were bad under Obama have
been revealed they are paying for this
by giving money out to the richest
people in America and reversing what
they very well promised this whole time
that they would address deficits under a
Republican president now it's out for
everyone to see and people can decide
what if anything to do about it hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
