Doni Doni Doni democrats democrats
yesterday they unveiled their new
midterm campaign slogan for the people
they say it sums up the party's position
on three core issues healthcare costs
infrastructure projects and efforts to
expose corruption their first try a
better deal that really seemed to
resonate with voters I'm just wondering
first of all what you think of therefore
the people slogan and whether it has
what it takes to break through the noise
Joe I'm actually meeting with Tom Perez
the head of the DNC next week to talk
about messaging and boy that is not the
answer talk about a generic non-starter
here is the campaign here is the message
they need to run this is the vote of
your lifetime this is for democracy this
is for freedom if you take about the
things we've been talking about today
basically Republican Party they don't
even want to protect elections they
won't even pass a bill that allows us to
make our elections safe the Republican
Party thinks it's okay to side with a
thug Putin versus siding with our
intelligence community the Republican
Party chimes along with the president
that says the press is the enemy of the
state
protect your grandchildren your
grandparents fought for these things
freedom of speech freedom of body
freedom of election it is the vote of
your lifetime that is the message you
know John Heilemann what a dream it
would be to be a Democrat running
against the Republican this year you
have these issues that resonate every
two years one Washington corruption and
cronyism you take all the collected
scandals of everybody that Donald you
say have Donald Trump saying I appoint
only the best people and then tick off
the laundry list of corruption you can
have the you know that classic scene of
the fat guy sitting around the table
where you know with expensive ties and
drinking why
cutting steaks and just do the laundry
list of all the corrupt practices of
every one of trumps people that's I mean
that's your way in
then you can talk about the fact that
health care is being attacked by Donald
Trump that's powerful and Republicans
and Democrats alike vote for that and
then finally you've got the fact that
Donald Trump was bragging to
billionaires at mar-a-lago hours after
he signed the tax bill and in his words
he said quote I just made all of you a
lot richer cronyism loopholes you know
pre-existing conditions Donald Trump's
America there are so many ways to savage
Republicans in all 435 districts right
and then on top of all that showed that
there's just the the personal conduct of
the president which on so many fronts is
obviously not offensive at all to his
base into a large not a majority of the
country but a decent very solid sized
chunk of the Republican base but in
swing districts among suburban women the
kinds of people among African American
women as we saw in Alabama as we saw in
the in the in the off year elections in
special elections over and over again
these swing voters Republican women in
suburban places in a Democratic base
voters the way the president is just
behaved in addition to the policy points
that you made in addition to the
corruption points then there's the
President as the overarching thing in
our politics who is so deeply offensive
to so many of the voters who make the
difference in those districts that
Democrats have to win and and that's
that's the motivator across America to
get the base out to get a lot of
Democrats out to get independence out to
get Republican women out we saw in the
Alabama race where you actually saw a
higher percentage of black voters in
Alabama voting in an off-year special
election than they did when Barack Obama
was running for president United States
that's going to happen you
put on top of that a message about
cronyism about corruption about
loopholes for Trump's richest
billionaire friends about people's
health care being taken away so they can
give away those massive tax cuts that
Donald Trump bragged about it moral ago
to his billionaire friends hours after
he signed the bill that is a very potent
campaign message and if Democrats can't
win with that well Timmy crafts will
never be able to win
coming up NBC's Andrea Mitchell joins us
after surprising of the director of the
National Intelligence with News at
Vladimir Putin had been invited to the
White House this fall another happy
surprise for Republican candidates
trying to run away from Donald Trump
kowtow into an ex-kgb agent plus the
president tweets about the topics he and
Putin discussed during their alone time
but senior US officials have no idea how
to follow up on any of it they also
don't know whether he's lying or not you
know why they don't know why he's lying
or not because all you have to do is
look at his Twitter feed to see he lies
all the time
morning Joe coming right back thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
