so to Jeremy bash we go and to our
viewers who have seen days of these
panel discussions and interviews Jeremy
and Andrea are part of something called
the Aspen security forum which is kind
of like Burning Man for national
security types - some of the major
hallucinogenics or so we hope
and jeremy there you are in the audience
today i am guessing that his response to
Andrea's breaking news was a moment in
the room among professionals in the
field yeah there was an audible gasp I
was sitting about 25 feet in front of
the Director of National Intelligence
where Andrea was interviewing him and I
think it dawned on the audience as it is
dawning on this nation that the
President of the United States has
entered into a secret deal with Vladimir
Putin and I call it a secret deal Brian
because even the Director of National
Intelligence the person from whom no
secrets are kept doesn't know what the
anticipated agenda of the summit was
what in fact the content of the to our
private summit was and the fact that
there would be a follow-on summit if
your own Director of National
Intelligence doesn't know it is by
definition a secret deal hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
