well at this hour last night as it was
we're just saying we learned the
dramatic story told in a breaking news
report in The New York Times about how
Donald Trump was presented with specific
evidence of the Russian attack on our
election two weeks before he was
inaugurated the New York Times reported
that on January 6 2017 president-elect
romp in Trump Tower was shown texts and
emails from Russians who engaged in the
attack on our election and other highly
classified source materials showing that
President Putin directed and ordered the
direct directly ordered this attack and
now this morning in an interview on CNN
we learned more from James clapper who
was then the Director of National
Intelligence and was in the room with
the president-elect when that evidence
was presented I think the best insight
into the level of detail and the
fidelity of the information we had which
gave us such high confidence can be
found in a careful read of the most
recent indictment of the 12 GRU officers
by special counsel Muller that to me is
I think great insight into the detail
that we had which we exposed the
president and his team to on the 6th of
January 2017 in addition we left very
highly classified written document which
laid out in more detail the evidence
that we had and so the fact that
President Putin was directly involved
the director ordered this and no big
decisions are made in Russia anyway
without without Putin and all that was
was laid out and so Donald Trump has
known from the start of his presidency
that Vladimir Putin ordered the attack
on our election and from James clapper
this morning we learned that Robert
Mahler has known from the beginning of
his investigation about at least some of
those Russian military officers who
Robert Mahler indicted last week and
that means that Robert Muller probably
could have brought
that indictment against those Russians
months ago and so the timing of that
indictment on the Friday before the
Monday that the president was scheduled
to meet with Vladimir Putin now seems
all the more calculated and deliberate
and shows that in addition to the
investigative skills that Robert Muller
and his team have the Muller team is
also in pizzette in possession of
masterful tactical strategic skills the
strategic timing of that indictment
meant that the indictment was the lens
through which the news media and the
world watched the catastrophe that was
the Trump Putin summit Donald Trump has
a pattern after he makes a disastrous
mistake which leads to worldwide public
humiliation Donald Trump and Donald
Trump alone believes that he can prove
that it wasn't a mistake by publicly
announcing he's going to make exactly
the same mistake again and so President
Trump did that again today and he did it
when the cable news world was riveted to
an interview that the Director of
National Intelligence dan coates was
giving to Andrea Mitchell here on MSNBC
the interview was deemed so important by
other cable news networks that they
actually simulcast part of this MSNBC
interview at the Aspen Security Forum it
was an extraordinary television event
because of course Donald Trump has just
this week equated dan coates and
Vladimir Putin my people came to me dan
coates came to me and some others they
said they think it's Russia I have
president putin he just said it's not
Russia I will say this I don't see any
reason why it would be and so as
expected
Andrea's interview with Dan coats today
began very badly for the President of
the United States moments after the
president appeared to be siding with
Vladimir Putin over you you personally
by name you stood up and spoke out
I'm wondering why did you do that
I'm not surprised we're starting with
Russia I was just doing my job I'm
wondering when you watch that in
Helsinki what was your gut reaction
watching him validate Vladimir Putin's
assessment over yours well my thoughts
there were that I believed I needed to
correct the record for that and that
this is the job I signed up for and that
was my responsibility
obviously I wished he had made a
different statement but I think that now
that has been clarified based on his
late reactions to this and so I don't
think I want to go any further than that
and Donald Trump certainly didn't want
him to go any further on that and so
with the news world's riveted to Andrea
Mitchell's interview with Dan Coates
Donald Trump decided to shake things up
by having his press secretary tweaked an
announcement that in doll Trump's mind
and in his mind alone proves that his
one-on-one summit with very potent was
not a colossal disastrous mistake watch
dan coates reaction when he learned from
Andrea that the White House press
secretary just tweeted that Donald Trump
has invited Vladimir Putin to the White
House we have some breaking news the
White House has announced on Twitter
that Vladimir Putin is coming to the
White House in the fall again
you Vladimir Putin yeah okay that's
gonna be special
dan coates had already told Andrea that
he has no idea what Donald Trump and
Vladimir Putin discussed on Monday and
so obviously dan coates has no idea why
president Trump is rewarding Vladimir
Putin with an invitation to the White
House when Andrea opened up the
questioning to others in the room Carol
Lee of NBC News said this the White
House announcement that Andrea
referenced earlier said Putin was
invited to Washington this fall were you
aware of that just want to clarify based
on my reaction I wasn't aware of that
what would you recommend that there not
be a one-on-one without no takers if I
were asked that question I would look
for a different way of doing it
congressman Adam Schiff and Eric's wawel
tried to find out what dan coates
and no one else in the Trump
administration seems to know which is
what President Trump and Leonard Putin
talked about when they were alone Carson
sois well will join us in a moment to
describe their attempt to get the House
Intelligence Committee to subpoena the
notes of the State Department
interpreter who was in the room with
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin the
Senate showed how quickly it can
actually do something today when the
Senate really wants to it took the
Senate's Democratic leader Chuck Schumer
exactly three minutes and eight seconds
to convince the Senate to vote on a
resolution quote expressing the sense of
Congress against the making available of
current and former diplomats officials
and members of the Armed Forces of the
United States for questioning by the
government of Vladimir Putin the Senate
vote was 98 to 0 in favor of that
resolution after Donald Trump on Monday
publicly said that it was a good idea to
hand over among others Obama
administration ambassador to Moscow
Michael McFaul who Vladimir Putin
specifically mentioned on Monday as he
stood beside Donald Trump valera Putin
accused ambassador Minh
all of being a criminal and said he
would trade the extradition of the 12
Russian military officers who have been
indicted by Robert Mahler for ambassador
McFaul and other Americans to which the
President of the United States said this
what he did is an incredible offer
he offered to have the people working on
the case come and work with their
investigators with respect to the 12
people I think that's an incredible
offer okay when asked about that
yesterday the White House press
secretary said that the Trump
administration was still considering
Vladimir Putin's offer still considering
whether to hand over ambassador McFaul
and other Americans to Vladimir Putin a
State Department spokesperson yesterday
immediately said that that was
ridiculous and that the State Department
would never participate in such a deal
and then the United States Senate voted
unanimously today to condemn the idea
and so the most incompetent bumbling
White House staff in history and the
most incoherent and weakest president in
history once again completely backed
down on what Donald Trump called an
incredible offer from Vladimir Putin
joining us now Democratic congressman
Eric's wawel from California is remember
the House Intelligence and Judiciary
Committees and Nicholas burns former
ambassador to NATO and former
Undersecretary of State for political
affairs for president george w bush and
ambassador burns i just want to go to
you first on what donald trump called an
incredible offer this cooperating with
Vladimir Putin and how Adam Eaton wants
to investigate among others ambassador
McFaul
possibly have him arrested extradited to
Moscow for trial it was such an
outrageous offer from Vladimir Putin you
have to wonder Lawrence why didn't
Donald Trump just turn it down on the
spot I think all of us who are watching
that extraordinary press conference from
Helsinki thought this sounds like the
worst deal that the United States could
ever agree to it took president Trump
for days can you imagine the United
States turning over a David Cramer
Michael McFaul outstanding public
servants to Russian intelligence agents
you can't imagine it because we've never
had a
president so cynical and so ignorant of
what's right and what's wrong and you
see this huge chasm between the
president and everybody else in the
government you can't believe in Jim
mattis or Mike Pompeo or even John
Bolton thought this was a good idea but
the president apparently didn't till
today when his hand was forced by that
98 to 0 vote ambassador with your
experience in the White House tell us
what would you would expect to happen in
a White House it's inconceivable that a
president could say something like that
other than in Donald Trump but let's
just let's assume some other president
said something that you really want to
take back that that that an offer made
by blendra Putin or some other head of
state sounded like a really good deal
president says that in public everyone
in the administration knows it's not a
good deal here's what's wrong with it
describe for us what would be the scene
on Air Force One the scene back at the
White House working on the problem that
has just been created and would it take
any other White House more than half the
week to come out with a statement saying
no we're not going to do that well first
you can't imagine any American president
in our lifetime who would think about
taking that offer for a second but
hypothetically you have to speak truth
to power in a normal White House with a
normal rational president who put the
country's interest first rather than his
interest first you'd have a conversation
when you say you cannot accept this and
we have to strike this down and announce
that we're striking it down immediately
and you send the White House
spokesperson out or the National
Security Advisor out to say something
like you know the president must have
misunderstood this proposal or it wasn't
communicated properly but we're not
going to do it to take four days and let
P honorable people like Mike McFaul and
others have to wonder if their
government was going to stand up for
them think about the message to our NATO
allies here we've had this extraordinary
week where Trump is treating Putin
significantly better with more respect
than Angela Merkel or Teresa May where
he calls the EU a foe of the United
States but treats Putin to a second
meeting this autumn he has an
upside-down four
policy and it has no basis of morality
or common sense or strategy that could
possibly help the United States to
succeed in the world Kherson swell well
tell us about your effort to subpoena
the interpreters notes well good evening
Lawrence and ambassador
you know Lords we had an open hearing
and the Intelligence Committee today
very rare that we do that and just
happen to be by accident the same week
where the President had this one-on-one
meeting with Vladimir Putin and because
the president is a former prosecutor
I'll just say he has priors
he has disclosed national security
information in the past to Russians in
private because there's suspicion that
he was executing secret deals by wanting
to turn over and vaster and McFaul
there's a high concern that we want to
know what he has exposed us to her what
he has told them so we asked the
Republicans so many of them on this
committee by the way they put out tweets
over the past couple days of concern we
wanted to see if they were serious and
so ranking member Schiff and I put a
motion forward during our hearing to
subpoena the translator and bring that
person in a closed hearing so we could
just learn what national security deals
are at risk and what secrets have been
exposed they voted it down along party
lines
laurens which shows me that they are not
quite there yet as to wanting to protect
our country over this president and
Senator Jeff Flake has said he's
wondering whether you should get the
interpreters notes the unprecedented
nature of the request or of other and
even the request for the subpoena is
what has slowed down a lot of Republican
senators that's what they're citing but
this is I think you would make the case
an unprecedented situation and it's not
like you and congressman Schiff are
constantly asking for interpreters notes
that's right Laura and we gave careful
consideration of this and that's why we
asked for it to be first you know in a
closed session so there was no spectacle
of a public hearing but again that the
president has demonstrated time and time
again that he should not be given the
courtesy of precedent because he acts in
such extraordinary ways and and to see
today that the lesson that he has taken
away from the way he acted and the way
the American people have themselves
reacted to his meeting with Vladimir
Putin to
fight him back to the White House shows
that the other has missed the message or
doesn't care Laurence Vladimir Putin
attacked America when your house is
broken into you upgrade your home
security system you don't invite the
burglar over for dinner so that all we
can do now in Congress is to make sure
that we upgrade the security system and
that includes right now prevent
protecting the United States against our
own president and his relationship with
Vladimir Putin Senator Chuck Schumer
said today until we know what happened
at that to our meeting in Helsinki the
president should have no more one-on-one
interactions with Putin in the United
States in Russia or anywhere else
ambassador burns your reaction to that
no I think it's just common sense you
always want to have a record of what our
guy or gal says and what the other
person says you always have the National
Security Advisor or a White House
staffer in the room you don't want the
Russians to come back which they will to
say that President Trump promised this
or that even if he didn't promise it you
want to be able to defend yourself and
they've really left himself exposed here
the White House and you got a hope that
the president will find some common
sense if he does have another meeting
which i think is extremely ill advised
anyway to invite our most dangerous
adversary to to Washington DC a visit of
honor
he should be inviting Angela Merkel
Teresa may the European leadership and
put NATO back together after his
wreckingball tour of Europe ambassador
burns a quick one before you go dan
coates said today he suspects it to be
likely that the Russians at least tried
to record that meeting or very likely
they do have a recording of that meeting
do you agree with that your experience
yeah diplomatic practice is that you
don't record meetings but the Russians I
think have a practice of violating most
understanding so dan coates is a man of
great principle and honor and I think
he's probably right thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
