back with us now for the interview with
sally 8 she's the former acting Attorney
General of the United States thank you
again for being here last month we got
to see a letter that was sent to the
special counsels office from the
president's lawyers and ended up getting
published in the New York Times and that
letter included references to you
references to memos that the White House
Counsel dawn began had written about his
interactions with you about Mike Flynn
and in those memos as as the at least
according to the president's lawyers he
says that when you came to the White
House to warn about the possible
compromise of Flemish National Security
Adviser you never indicated to him that
Flynn was actually under investigation
the lawyer letter cites that the quote
White House understanding that there was
no FBI investigation of Flint and that
seems like maybe a fine point the reason
it ends up being important and the
reason the president's lawyers are
writing about it to the the special
counsels office is because I think
there's an idea that it may look more
like obstruction of justice on the part
of the president if when he went to the
FBI director and said lay off Flynn he
knew there was an open FBI investigation
into Michael Flynn so the the White
House Counsel saying you never indicated
that Flynn was the subject of an
investigation can you shed any light on
that well yeah when I testified before
the Senate Judiciary Committee I talked
about the two different meetings that I
had with mr. McGann and in the first
meeting mr. McGann asked me whether or
not the investigation was criminal or
whether or not it was a
counterintelligence investors you
referenced and I declined to answer that
and then I also testified then in the
follow-up meeting the next day he wanted
to know whether if they took any action
whether that would negatively impact the
investigation because they didn't want
to negatively impact anything that was
going on in the investigation so he and
I talked back and forth in both meetings
about impact on an investigation and if
the president in that context having
been advised presumably by his wife by
his White House Counsel that there was
an investigation concerning the National
Security Adviser
if the president then went to
dr. the FBI and said ease up on Mike
Flynn who he knows is the subject of an
investigation
how much ambiguity is there how much
legal wiggle room is there as to whether
or not that was an effort to obstruct
that investigation you know I'm not
gonna get into sort of a legal
definition of obstruction there because
I think that's really up to Bob Muller
and his folks to make that determination
but certainly from what we know about
that it sounds like that there was an
effort to influence the investigation I
mentioned at the top of the show that
there's been some new reporting related
to a new indictment that's been handed
down actually not by the special
counsels office but within the National
Security Division of the Justice
Department about this alleged secret
Russian agent Maria boo Tina and her
involvement with a u.s. person who's
been identified
circumstantially in press reports what's
been reported by The Washington Post is
that that person who was involved with
this alleged Russian agent recommended
the deputy national security advisor for
her post katie mcfarland since the flynn
investigation since the the the flynn
affair and your role in it we have
learned that mr. Flynn doesn't appear to
have been acting alone when he contacted
the Russian government and in fact when
he made those contacts that he later
pled guilty to lying to the FBI about MS
mcfarland appears to have been involved
not only in knowing about them but in
setting those up she also appears to
have not been truthful with the senate
when she was asked about those if Flint
wasn't acting alone that changed
anything materially does that make the
the the case about Flynn resonate in any
more or less worrying way if there was
somebody else who was involved with him
and he wasn't on his own well I don't
know if it's more or less worrying I
mean certainly if there are other people
who are involved in this
then our Justice Department ought to
want to find that out to get to the
bottom of that and it sounds like that's
exactly what's going on right now with
special Moers investigation on this and
with general Flynn's cooperation on this
as well he's awaiting sentencing his
sentencing has been pushed back a few
times what is as observers what should
we read into that that you know that is
common when someone is still continuing
to provide information or to cooperate
in other ways an investigation that you
put off their sentencing until all of
the cooperation is
pleat so that the judge when he or she
is sentencing the defendant has the
benefit of knowing everything that they
did in an effort to try to assist the
government in cooperation so the longer
it goes on the more cooperation we can
infer yes yeah roughly speaking we'll be
right back with Sally Yates former
acting Attorney General of the United
States doing
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
