Donald Trump's Putin summit has
obviously yielded one of the most
criticized weeks of his presidency
that's sure to bother a media obsessed
leader but there are reports Trump
thought he did well initially on Monday
and then his advisors and this ensuing
media coverage moved him to walk back
some of his statements now a lot of that
we know this week also marks something
else though the most high-profile Trump
diplomacy this big mission since he has
added someone to his team former Fox
News president bill shine Fox was ground
zero for hearing from the key players at
the summit this week note both Trump and
Putin went there for their first
interviews and that means they entered
an environment where the voices were
largely Pro summit or undercutting what
was a lot of the rest of America's
public criticism of that Helsinki press
conference all this hysteria about this
press conference the president said look
I could have said it better I should
have said this and they act like it's
the apocalypse it's not you have just
witnessed the single worst 24 hours in
the history of your mainstream media I
think of course they try to have
interfere in our affairs they have for a
long time many countries do some more
successfully than Russia like Mexico
which is routinely interfering in our
elections but what was he supposed to do
take a gun out and show Fox of course
has long been a politically conservative
network but it has also become more
about Trump and less about consistent
conservative policies in this era which
is boosted ratings which may explain why
Trump basically has a week that's been
so bad so when it can't even be ignored
on Fox the Fox story turns to bashing
the messenger if you believe the
explanation that he misspoke which is
historic
he's never admitted he's made a mistake
or misspoke ever ever since the
president misspoke on Monday at the
Helsinki summit the media have spun
around like whirling dervishes the media
here's one problem though for that
argument for Fox it's starting to kind
of become a circular firing squad
because we're looking into this and
we've noticed there are some people on
Fox
aka conservative media that's what they
want to be called who also criticized
Trump's Putin embraced this week or at
least quoted other
serves who did that this was the time
the place for the president to look
Putin's squarely in the eye and said you
will be punished for what you did in
2016 but he didn't and that's made it
disgusting that's what made his
performance disgusting when Newt
Gingrich when General Jack Keane when
Matt slap say the president fell short
and made and made our intelligence
apparatus look bad I think it's time to
pay attention time to pay attention I'm
joined by Margot and Sam cedar as well
as Julia's crying editor the American
Affairs journal he's a conservative
writer who was a trump supporter but has
publicly broken with the president
initially after Charlottesville which he
wrote about the New York Times thanks to
each of you Sam you're a longtime Fox
watcher what do you think of this
problem just displayed in those clips
where if this is a bad thing to
criticize the president a lot of that's
happening inside of Fox as well yeah
well well first off let me just say this
that you know they were a Republican
mouthpiece at least 10-15 years ago I
mean there was a reason why at one point
the Obama administration tried to push
them into the back of the White House
press pool but so what they're doing now
they just they're just sort of hewing to
form by supporting the president in the
way that they're doing I don't think
it's that big I mean I think that you
know some people didn't get the memo
early enough in the day and bye-bye you
know the next day he's he's misspoken
and I think you'll see them congeal but
well I would I would push back a little
bit there were examples previously for
example the Harriet Miers Supreme Court
nomination where you're right they would
be Pro Republican but then there was a
kind of a set of ideas that they were
willing to prosecute or use against even
Republicans which they argued at the
time meant they were more independent
what we're seeing now is no matter how
extreme it is there's no daylight how
extreme it is they are to your point
they're then also saying well we got it
we got it back no matter what well yeah
I mean to a certain extent they're fully
integrated with the president you know
I've said this before Sean Hannity yeah
he's the second or third most powerful
man in the country right now I mean he
has the presidency err on a regular
bassist bill shine is sitting in the
White House
Trump has pulled a significant part of
his administration just off the Airways
from there and so I think you know there
is there's a lot less daylight III think
these conservative voices I think they
are I think they're gonna go away
I honestly think they're all going to
end up growling behind the president
until the next thing so you've mentioned
that Julius you are one of those
conservative voices your view well I
think aside from the usual political
posturing and positions changing with
short-term interests which I doubt
surprises anyone at this point
there's also maybe more substantively
the split in the Republican Party the
conservative movement around foreign
policy the party you know has changed
it's not nearly as enthusiastic about
aggressive democracy promotion rhetoric
and so on than it was during the Bush
years and that means let me jump in and
then I'll let you respond early at that
shift let me jump in if Barack Obama did
10% of what Donald Trump did on Russia
this week everyone would be on fire
right well I remember when Barack Obama
said during the debate when Romney said
Russia was the biggest threat you know
the 80s called and they want their
foreign policy back and all the
Republicans blew up and exploded and
this was supposed to be a massive
controversy and now the situation is
different and of course they shift and
like I said that's not surprising but if
there's anything more substantive it's
that there's a significant divide in the
conservative movement that's reflected
on Fox News related to the foreign
policy approach in general I just have
to say that it's a great time to have a
conversation about the difference
between journalism and entertainment and
I think one of the more embarrassing
things for Fox News is you know this is
not a partisan issue it's not an
ideological issue but the way Fox News
on the whole has kind of followed the
thought of Republican members of
Congress who are to the far right
and also just of where they assume their
audiences which is you know really in
Trump space it's just I think they're
just service frankly to viewers into
Americans I mean if you say you are a
news outlet and you have to hold
yourself to a certain standard not
because that's the law but because
that's what our democracy requires they
are not upholding their end of the
bargain and I think the longer they go
on saying that they are a legitimate
news outlet but they're unwilling to
actually tell their audience what the
audience may not want to hear the more
dangerous it is for our democracy and do
you think there's a possibility
politically that people who are
conservative or generally Pro Trump
still don't really like get or want to
think through what has now been four
consecutive days of either inexplicable
or only explained by really bad reasons
sucking up to Putin oh absolutely I mean
it's like acrobatics every day oh you
know the double negative isn't that it
would not my mother is a sixth grade
teacher it would not pass muster for a
sixth grader to come in and say the dog
ate my homework
oh no it wasn't the dog it was the kind
of it's just it's ridiculous but of
course you know this is a lie within a
lot at this point right so Julius is
someone who voted for Trump but is
publicly reckoned with that do you think
this was a mistake of a week for him on
foreign policy I don't think it will be
all that significant I think probably
you know he scored some cheap political
points with his own base he's let his
opponents score some cheap political
points against him ultimately I find my
actions because I'm not asking politics
do you think this was good or bad for
American national security this week I
think it was a relatively little
importance I think the actions matter a
lot more than any press conference and
since Trump's been elected you know he
put more sanctions on Russia let me hit
you on that I mean the actions are
reports in Bloomberg today that Putin's
telling people that he's got a secret
Ukrainian deal that Trump's considering
he's getting a level of engagement that
Republicans and conservatives have long
said is problematic for murderous
tyrants who aren't held accountable that
we saw that North Korea we saw that here
we see that with the white house invite
tonight so even by the sort of national
interest sort of approach there's a it's
more than talk it's actions that seem to
be embracing him and again there's no
push for extradition on people that the
u.s. government is indicted for cyber
attacks relating to the integrity of our
democracy so there's any of that I guess
concerned you or are you maybe going
back into the Trump reelection can just
sense sense Trump's been in office we've
imposed more sanctions on Russia despite
objections from NATO allies like Germany
and Austria unconstitutional we've
started selling offensive weapons to the
Ukrainians answered my point I'm
open-minded about what happens next and
I'll evaluate it but at this point I
don't see a lot more than rhetoric the
first point on this show we've respond
to each other sighs English so ill on
Ukraine would be useful why would you
give the administration's credit for
sanctions if it opposed it didn't oppose
them they're in place no it was passed
by Congress which is how laws are passed
but they didn't veto them they opposed
them and said they were unconstitutional
they did not veto them they're in place
Sam well I would also add that from a
national security standpoint you know we
have allies the and and I think it would
be irrational at this point for the
leaders involved in NATO to be sharing
intelligence with the US government or
with parts of it when our own Director
of National Intelligence is out there
basically with his hair on fire saying
what just went down was completely out
of bounds and I mean public in public I
mean this is you know we could ignore
this guy who was a longtime Republican
appointed by the president but he's
doing this with a I think it's a very
conscious act and I think we have to ask
and some people aren't obviously
impressed by by that at all but I I
think that's somewhat problematic and
you got to think about our allies and I
just I just think that they're going to
be freaking out a little bit do you want
to close this out on a final depressing
note of any kind I just think it's a
really important time for Congress to
step up and to keep the pressure on
Donald Trump what tends to happen is is
that he gets a news cycle where he's
gone too far he's crossed a line and
then everything goes back to normal
this is not normal hey I'm already
melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our youtube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us
and we appreciate that
