President Trump is revealing the topic
seems Ladd Amir Putin disgust at their
summit property says saying he is
looking forward to their second meeting
in a series of tweets Trump said the two
talked about stopping terrorism security
for Israel nuclear proliferation
cyberattacks
trade Ukraine Middle East peace North
Korea and more typically what's called a
readout is issued after these things
which actually says what they discussed
this feels like it could be reverse
engineered based on three days of
criticism so why Stephanie why do we
take it at face value he lies he then
backpedals his lies in an unbelievable
way at what point do people like us say
we're not taking it at face value
anymore the safety of this country is at
risk the president lies repeatedly why
should we take it at face not only does
he live but his press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders makes them even bigger
lies turns the nonsense and then his own
appointees from from from our
intelligence agencies refute the
president joining us now ambassador
Nicholas burns former Undersecretary of
State for political affairs ambassador
first of all I want to start because
you're an ambassador and there are
certain rules that govern how you
operate and how you're protected the
concept that Vladimir Putin suggested
that an ambassador be subject to
questioning by Russian authorities and
that the president responded to that in
the in the press conference by saying
that Vladimir Putin made a good
suggestion
just give us some some background on
context on this well first of all
ambassador Mike McFaul was a very good
man he's covered by the diplomatic
community of the Vienna Convention
President Putin can't investigate him or
question him and secondly President
Trump should have turned Putin down on
the spot it's a ludicrous idea to equate
the Moller investigation the indictment
of the 12 Russian military intelligence
officials with Putin's paranoia about
Mike McFaul or David Kramer or our bill
or bill Browder and so the president I
thought made a fatal mistake and showed
his true colors when he didn't stand up
for Americans way back on Monday at the
Helsinki press conference something
stuck out to me today
earlier this morning a colleague of ours
from CNBC John Harwood tweeted this has
all of this unfurls remember two years
ago current House GOP leader told
colleagues quote there are two people I
think Putin pays Rohrabacher and Trump
when they laughed he added swear to God
current House Speaker then said no leaks
this is how we know we're a real family
yes that was two years ago and they said
they were just joking but put that into
the context of the ridiculous circus we
have just seen this week a week when we
can't take the president's actions and
trace them back to oh he's serving his
base none of it makes sense
put what was said two years ago on top
of what we saw over the last four days
and what do you make of it well that
that President Trump is in thrall to
President Putin I think he may be
intimidated by him that was the sense of
the press conference Putin was the
dominant figure in that press conference
and President Trump was meek and I
thought very very weak it's been a
disastrous week for the United States
the president didn't stand up for us on
the cyber attack against our elections
he didn't criticize Putin to his face on
Ukraine or the nerve agent attack and
then you had this extraordinary
interview that hasn't received enough
attention that the president gave the
Fox News where he he elicited doubt
about whether or not he'd back up
Montenegro a NATO ally if it was
attacked by Russia or anyone else you
know NATO rests on the credibility and
strength of the American president
that's for seven decades and the
president this week has put that very
much into question so I think it's the
worst week for an American president and
foreign policy in a long long time and
maybe the best week for the President of
Russia in a long time you brought a
bunch of negatives does it actually hurt
him politically it will hurt him
politically tell me where because people
like us are not going to take the
president at his word anymore
the president lost the face is a open
heart open mind and we subscribe to that
there's no open heart and open mind
anymore
the president lied and it put the world
at risk I mean ambassador he brought up
Montenegro you just mentioned Montenegro
right I don't know where the president
got this from he said
- was a Tucker Carlson they had a
conversation about Montenegro when she
said you know Montenegro can be very
aggressive next thing you know they'll
start World War three and then we'll be
involved in World War three there is
zero chance Montenegro is gonna start
World War three article five of the of
the NATO agreement is a mutual defense
agreement if somebody attacks right a
NATO country
we're compelled to help the president
twisted that around somehow through
Montenegro under the bus the newest
member of NATO he must have gotten that
information while he was in Russia
somebody must have said to him you know
you better watch out for this Montenegro
they're gonna drag you into World War
three at some point we like to believe
this is nonsense the interview took
place just after the summit meeting in
Helsinki so he may very well have gotten
that from President Putin because the
Russians tried to foment a coup d'etat
two years ago against the Montenegro
government because they were coming in
to NATO I was ambassador to NATO on 9/11
the American ambassador it Article five
is a defensive Clause we were attacked
obviously on 9/11 all of our allies came
to our defence if one of our allies
chose to have a war with someone else
the Allies would not be obligated that
would just to defend them if it was a
war of that allies choice and countries
could make their own decisions so the
president has fundamentally misconstrued
for the American people what NATO is
it's a defensive alliance obviously we
rally around countries that have been
attacked by an aggressor like President
Putin and the Russian government and if
the American president isn't crystal
clear about that commitment to our
allies the NATO ceases to be what it's
been for seventy years I think it's the
worst thing among many bad things that's
done this week and of course you were
the ambassador to NATO so you know what
you speak hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
