want to stay on tariffs as Don
introduced at Dom introduce them and
talk about who they're impacting because
it's not investors it's farmers across
the country they're already feeling the
effects one crop being hit the hardest
right now soybeans prices have hit a
ten-year low dropping two bucks a bushel
since the terror threat began in the
spring NBC's Vaughn Hilliard is at a
soybean and corn farm in wahoo Nebraska
Vaughn walk us through this how that
price is affecting those farmers because
they're the ones who should who
definitely care the most Stephanie to
put in perspective the largest export
crop here in the United States is
soybeans twenty four billion dollars in
exports a year alone the next biggest
crop after that is corn is just nine
billion dollars I want to bring in Doug
Bartek he's a farmer here in wahoo are
about an hour outside of Omaha how many
acres of soybeans you from me we produce
a thousand acres of soybeans
third-generation fans yes now when we
talk about soybeans and we talk about
this impact what is the price of
soybeans right now price of soybeans
right now is around $8 a bushel what do
you need in order to make a profit
we need that strong $10 to to be able to
maintain the sustain our farming
operation and so what should people in
Washington DC understand right now about
what you're going through
well right now it's a lot of pain that
we're going through without higher
prices it's it's again it's hard for us
to sustain what we're doing new farmers
that are trying to get in it just won't
work from though they'll go backwards
and then they'll be out of business
before they started just before we flew
out and met you here we talked to
senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska your
Republican senator and we asked him the
question does the administration
understand what you're going through
Stephanie this is what he told us do you
feel like or where's the disconnect you
feel like the White House understands
the concerns of soybean farmers and
others in Nebraska who hear their own
concerns with me
I'm here with a bunch of farmers and
ranchers right now these folks I'm a
historian by training so I'm skeptical
of hyperbole but literally they live on
the most productive land in all of human
history and in Nebraska we grow more
food than we could ever possibly consume
if we don't have export markets to sell
that food into you got bankruptcies
coming all across my state and no the
administration does not understand it
Doug what the senator just said was
essentially saying that the
administration did not understand what
your plight is what you're going through
at the same time the senator also told
us that there is frustration that China
for instance in intellectual property
has has essentially stolen hundreds of
billion dollars every year you were
somebody who voted for the president and
you wanted action against China to be
taken now what is your message to the
White House well message is if we can
get these tariffs taken care of in a
timely manner because every day that
that these tariffs hanging around it
just hurts what we've been trying to do
for the last 25 30 years which is trying
to build policy and get doors open in
these foreign countries to to accept our
soybeans because it's a it's a great
source of protein for animals and just a
lot of a lot of uses for it now
Stephanie the Vice President pence just
two days ago said that the u.s. is
prepared against China to go essentially
toe-to-toe in issue additional tariffs
are threatening and more than 200
billion more on Chinese imported goods
from here soybeans are already taking
the hit the question is where does this
go from here and for instance your crops
are gonna be coming up win and September
is when we generally start harvesting
soybeans two months from now two months
from now Stephanie
all right Vaughn all eyes on these
tariffs we often talk about it in market
perspective how Wall Street is
responding but you have to go to those
farmers remember who remember where many
of those soybeans are accustomed to
going China
where's China getting them now Brazil
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
