senator Joni Ernst says she hopes
president Trump delivered a strong
message to Vladimir Putin behind closed
doors should the Senate find out exactly
what was said there the Iowa Republican
joins us now she serves on the Armed
Services Committee senator thank you so
much for your time this morning we
appreciate it thank you I'm glad to be
on thank you you've been very clear
Center in your feelings toward Russia
I'll just read a couple of quotes you
say obviously Russia is not our friend
Russia has never been a friend to the US
they continue to pose a threat to
America and our allies you've also been
very clear in your support for the
intelligence services I have the utmost
faith in the US intelligence community
and their assessment that Russia
interfered in the 2016 election it
doesn't get much more clear than that
are you satisfied with the president's
explanation of his feelings about the
Russian interference in the 2016
election the president should have been
much clearer as I have stated time and
again you read some of my quotes Russia
is not our friend and anytime we
approach Russia or thoughts of Russia we
should always operate under the
assumption that they want to undermine
the United States of America so giving
your feeling senator about Russia how
did you feel on Monday when you watch
the president stand at that lectern next
to the President of Russia in Helsinki
and pass on an opportunity to confront
him or at least to condemn Russia and
make clear the way he felt I was
disappointed Willie this was a
tremendous opportunity for America to go
forward show strength against Russia and
that that didn't happen again the
president should have been much much
clearer there are so many Russian
aggressions that we could have brought
up in that opportunity we should have
pushed back very heavily I'm going all
the way back to Crimea of the invasion
of Crimea by by Russia their gray zone
opportunities involving many of the our
bulk and friends especially our sister
state to Iowa Kosovo there are so many
activities out there and we we lost an
opportunity to bring those up hi senator
thanks so much for joining you say that
you hope that the president in private
delivered a stronger message but what we
know about the president's meeting in
the Oval Office with Russians a day
after firing Comey is that he actually
did let slip some
classified information about Israel so
do you hope that the president did that
or do you demand an answer about whether
he did that and how do you get that
answer since no one else was in that
room how far are you prepared to go in
terms of demanding an answer I do think
that you bring up a great point that no
one else was in the room other than the
translator we know that to be true but
the president should not go into those
meetings without someone that is able to
to record the message take down those
notes we don't know what follow-up
actions if any are out there we don't
know what the president's demands are we
don't know what president Putin's
demands are so I always would encourage
the president to make sure that he has
someone who's got his back that that is
taking care writing down those those
requests those demands that way we do
know senator gene Robinson here would
you then support an effort to get the
translator to testify before Congress
perhaps in a classified setting but but
to explain to Congress what what was
said in that meeting I would state that
if the translator is to be questioned
that it should be our intelligence
agencies that are doing that questioning
again knowing the context of the
conversations I think that that would be
the appropriate place to start to make a
show of it at Congress I I don't know
that that would help the situation any
but certainly if we need answers it
needs to be done through the
intelligence community senator good
morning Rick Tyler of the Congress of
course is a co-equal branch of the
executive branch constitutionally
foreign policy resides in the executive
branch but a lot of Americans are
worried that we're projecting weakness
overseas with these two meetings one
with Kim Jong Young and the other with
Vladimir Putin the two dictators what
leverage does the Congress have what are
you prepared to do to reassure Americans
if this foreign policy continues to go
and what is seemingly to many a
disastrous direction well I'm going to
push back because I think the
meeting with the North Korean leader was
extremely important we have to have
dialogue we have to have communication
to move us forward if we ever expect to
denuclearize the Korean Peninsula so I
actually do think that that is a step in
the right direction I think that a step
in the right direction could be have had
with President Putin if it had been done
in a more transparent type of situation
if we had gone forward if the President
had gone in from a position of strength
I think that was a lost opportunity but
I think it is important that we have
dialogue with some of these world
leaders and we make it very clear what
our demands are as the United States of
America
I appreciate the dialogue but again I
wish that we had seen different
communications coming from the president
especially as it applies to Russia
senator Sam Stein here your colleague
Chris Murphy had some fairly tough words
for Republicans in the chamber saying
that they've advocated the
responsibility to serve as a national
security check on the president what
I've heard from you these past couple
minutes has been Kandam nations of the
president's conduct but no actual
tangible moves to provide some sort of
semblance of checks or balance on some
of the things that happened in Helsinki
for instance you say you don't think
it's your Committee's purview to bring
in the translator are you supportive
energy legislation for instance that
would further sanctions on Russia maybe
even take the power out of the
president's hands and put them in the
DNI hands are you in favor of bringing
members before your committee to get
answers I would like to see anything
tangible that you would support that
would maybe provide a check or some
semblance of oversight on this president
well I do think it is up to the
president no matter what party to work
with foreign leaders I think that that
is very important but what we have seen
so far has actually been a solid track
record from Republicans leading and the
United States Senate I spearheaded an
effort that provided lethal aid to
Ukraine which is something that the
Obama
administration pushed back against we
would only provide non-lethal aid to the
Ukrainians we do have sanctions on
Russia we have the European reassurance
initiative and other types of operations
which push back in Eastern Europe
against Russia Gray's own activities
which are activities that are short of
war so I think you have seen great
leadership coming from Senate
Republicans things that were pushed back
on in the previous administration so
when it comes to getting tough with
Russia it has been this Congress that
has led the way I would look at so many
situation situations around the globe
where we have had briefings all senators
briefings down in our skiff at the
Capitol and I've lost count on how many
briefings we've had regarding different
situations around the globe you know how
many times I attended an all senators
briefing on world situations under the
Obama administration zero senator Ernst
Elise Jordan here switching gears
slightly to another foreign policy issue
that hits near and dear with about half
a million of your constituents the
tariffs that Donald Trump is proposing
what are you hearing from your
constituents in Iowa farmland about how
these tariffs are going to affect their
lives and livelihoods and what are you
proposing that Congress do to check the
president's power over what seems to be
a fairly ad hoc trade policy well we
continue to have discussions and you're
right I am hearing from Iowans every
single day I spoke with some corn
growers yesterday our soybean folks were
in last week our pork producers send
messages and we communicate with them as
well they have been hit very hard these
tariffs have had a very detrimental
effect on their family farm income and
we need to see trade resolved soon I
support the president and the fact that
he wants better trade deals I think that
that should be the goal of the United
States of America but certainly we have
to close
of these deals to bring optimism into
our markets our markets are bottoming
out and and I spoke to a young couple
from Iowa yesterday they were out with a
large group concerned about trade and
tariffs and the drop in prices in this
past year with their corn and their
soybeans amounted to about $80,000
that's an $80,000 loss of income should
they sell today so we have to face that
reality that our farm economy is going
to be hit very very hard if we don't
seal up the deal with Mexico seal the
deal with Canada start finding new trade
opportunities I know that our trade rep
is working very diligently on these
issues the fact of the matter is farmers
are caught in the crosshairs senator in
addition to these questions about trade
and foreign policy you're also working
hard on the issue of paid family leave
in the Senate you and Marco Rubio have
co-sponsored some legislation there and
you've got allies Democrats who say good
for Joni Ernst good for Marco Rubio we
ought to have paid family leave in this
country I think the disagreement is how
to pay for it you believes that money
should come from the Social Security
trust fund can you explain how it would
work from your perspective certainly one
of the ideas that we have discussed is
because we are tracked as individual
workers we know what our retirement
income from Social Security will be and
what a mother or father could do upon
the birth of a child or the adoption of
a child is apply for those benefits
through Social Security disability that
way they do receive a paycheck while
they are taking time off at work and the
way that would work is then that they
would defer their retirement for a
number of weeks depending on how many
weeks of leave they would take off they
would then whatever the equation would
be we haven't decided on that yet but
they would defer those weeks off at the
end of their their retirement so their
retirement age would bump back a little
bit but we do think it's important we
want our moms and dads to be able to
spend time great quality bonding time
with their children we know that there
are a number of studies that say the
more time
can spend with their child at their
birth then the better they will perform
as children I think your senators
sherrod Brown for example in Kirsten
Gillibrand your Democratic colleagues
like the idea of paid family leave but
they believe that dipping into Social
Security is not a good idea why play
with the retirement fund they say why
shouldn't this be on the employer for
example well again an additional tax on
the employer and we don't have any CBO
scores back on on their proposal because
that that would be an impact we want to
see that everybody knows what their
retirement benefits will be we don't
want to see additional taxes placed on
the employer or the employee we want to
make sure that they have a positive way
forward and know that ok this is my
retirement I can defer it for a number
of weeks we feel that that would be the
way to go there are only six states in
this country that require paid family
leave let's hope that you and Democrats
can get together and figure out a way to
change that senator Joni Ernst I
appreciate I appreciate your time this
morning thank you thank you Ellie
coming up the offer the president called
incredible Putin's proposal to give Bob
Muller access to Russians indicted for
hacking Democrats in 2016 if the United
States allows Russia to interrogate
Americans sought by the Kremlin and we
will talk to one of those Americans
through the White House yesterday would
not rule out handing over former US
ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul
joins us next on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
