there's another extremely troubling
aspect of the president's meeting with
Vladimir Putin the White House seems to
be entertaining whether to permit
Russian prosecutors to question some of
Vladimir Putin's biggest critics here
within the United States the proposed
exchange would allow special counsel
robert muller to witness interviews of
russians indicted for meddling in the
2016 election something president Trump
described Monday as quote an incredible
offer Russian authorities yesterday
named with several Americans who may
want a question they claimed were
involving ill Browder's quote unquote
crimes and in their terms including a
former ambassador to Russia the prison
who's gonna meet with his team and we'll
let you know when we have an
announcement on that is that a topic
that came up in their conversation
raised this with President Trump there
was some conversation about it but there
wasn't a commitment made on behalf of
the United States and the president will
work with his team and we'll let you
know if there's an announcement on that
front so the Russian Prosecutor
General's list includes former American
ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul
and other US officials who Putin blames
for the Magnitsky Act which leveled
sanctions on the Russian president and
his allies for human rights abuses
including the death of investment fund
CEO Bill Browder's young lawyer in a
Moscow prison Sergei Magnitsky in
Monday's news conference Putin accused
Browder of funneling stolen money to
Hillary Clinton's campaign an allegation
Browder denies and which State
Department spokesperson Heather nowart
flatly rejected I can't answer on behalf
of the White House with regard to that
but what I can tell you is that the
overall search assertions that have come
out of the Russian government are
absolutely absurd the fact that they
want to question eleven American
citizens and the assertions that the
Russian government is making about those
American citizens we do not stand by
those assertions that the Russian
government makes so at least that's the
tale of two responses that State
Department says is absolutely absurd
which it is the idea of bringing a
former ambassador Michael McFaul sending
him to Russia for some kind of a show
trial or show
education bill Browder who's been a
businessman has been a thorn in Putin's
side for many years now we would like
nothing more than to get bill Browder on
Russian soil
and yet the White House says it's
entertaining the idea it was the most
authoritarian statement that has come
out of this White House today the
preposterous idea that the president of
the United States would send a former
diplomat a former public servant of the
United States Ambassador Michael McFaul
to Russia to be questioned questioned by
Vladimir Putin and it's absolutely
disgusting and there should be
bipartisan outrage over this one for
sure and there really has been outside
of the White House and we saw it
publicly on Twitter we saw some
statements from various senators on both
sides of that house didn't go there it's
a real window into how Donald Trump
views his power and how he views his
power alongside Vladimir Putin they're
just trading their people as pawns
remember he twice in the press
conference with with Putin twice said
this is such an interesting idea this is
such a remarkable offer and incredible
we say we forgive his impulsiveness on
that they had days now to know that this
question was coming and why does the
State Department have the right answer
and why does Sarah Sanders have the
wrong answer how does it how do you
think that happened or stupid she's
afraid to do that because Michael McFaul
is a critic of Donald Trump and she's
afraid to go out and say anything
anything nice about him anything that
would protect him because the president
might freak out and just to be clear so
that people understand this Magnitsky
Act is everything this is his number-one
goal because a lot of the money of him
and his cronies is frozen overseas this
has been the beginning from going all
the way back to Trump Tower and we
talked about adoptions we're talking
about the Magnitsky Act this is what was
acting as is Putin's puppet this would
be his number one goal so Putin's
allegation about Bill Browder notably
similar to what was described in the
talking points that Russian lawyer
Tahlia bezel Mnet's kaya brought with
her to Trump Tower in June 2016 in that
famous meeting with the president's son
and the top campaign officials on the
promise of providing damaging
information about Hillary Clinton Matt
Miller bill Browder obviously lobbied
for the Magnitsky at after his attorney
was killed in a Russian prison and
President Obama signed into law in 2012
as I say Vladimir Putin would like
nothing more than to have Bill Browder
on Russian soil yeah exactly and look
remember that this meeting on Monday was
not the first time that Donald Trump had
a private meeting with Vladimir Putin he
added Imams had won on the sidelines of
a conference last summer and we know
because Trump said it publicly that that
one of the things that Putin raised in
that meeting was the Magnitsky at Kut he
talked about adoptions in that meeting
so this has been a long time a desire of
the Russian president and they've now
raised it with the with the Trump
campaign first and now with the Trump
administration on on repeated occasions
I go back to what happened in this
meeting we saw the president come out as
Eugene said very intrigued by the idea
and bringing it up twice I'm curious
what he said privately about that
meeting whether you know look he knows
who Michael McFaul is and when he hears
Obama administration appointee and you
know he watches this show we know he
does despite the fact he's he says he
doesn't and he's got to know that
Michael McFaul is a critic of his and
when Vladimir Putin raised this idea you
know he isn't
I'm sure Trump's mind doesn't go to the
legalities and what the process would be
and whether it would be an unprecedented
do something like this but he thinks you
know I've seen this guy on TV he
criticizes me all the time it's not such
a bad idea by the way we will speak live
with ambassador Michael McFaul he'll be
here with us on Morning Joe in just a
little while to talk about that request
by President Putin and the White House
response to it Russian interference
aside there's another big issue playing
out on Capitol Hill president Trump's
pick for the US Supreme Court Democrats
think they just found a big problem with
the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh you're
watching Morning Joe we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
