Russian authorities yesterday named
several Americans and they want a
question they claim were involved in ill
Browder's quote-unquote crimes and in
their terms including a former
ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul this
president Trump's support that idea is
the opening US officials question the
president is gonna meet with his team
and will let you know we have an
announcement on that so second is that a
topic that came up in their conversation
raised this with the president Truong
there was some conversation about it but
there wasn't a commitment made on behalf
of the United States and the president
will work with his team and we'll let
you know if there's an announcement on
that front the questioning by Maggie
Haberman of the New York Times and that
was notably not a no White House press
secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders would
not rule out the possibility of somehow
letting Russian officials question
American citizens including most notably
former US ambassador to Russia Michael
McFaul
she says she's going to get back to us
on that in Helsinki we heard Putin
suggest the US could interview Russians
indicted in the Muller investigation if
Russia was allowed to question Americans
president Trump called it an interesting
idea Tuesday the Russian prosecutor's
office said it wants to question one
Mike McFaul and several other Americans
as part of its investigation into
financier bill Browder
for what the Russians say are financial
crimes Browder will remind you an
outspoken critic of Putin lobbied
Congress to pass something called the
Magnitsky Act which imposed sanctions on
Russia for human rights violations well
today the State Department spokesperson
Heather nowart was asked about all of it
I can't answer on behalf of the White
House with regard to that but what I can
tell you is that the overall search
assertions that have come out of the
Russian government are absolutely absurd
the fact that they want to question
eleven American citizens and the
assertions that the Russian government
is making about those American citizens
we do not stand by those assertions that
the Russian government makes here to
talk about it with us tonight the
aforementioned michael mcfaul former US
ambassador to russia and we're happy to
say an MSNBC international affairs
analyst he is the author of the new book
happens to be germane to the
session from cold war to hot peace an
American ambassador in putin's russia
and jonathan Lemire is back with us
White House reporter for The Associated
Press you may have seen him questioning
presidents Trump and Putin in Helsinki
on Monday do I know the people to
surround myself with or what so mr.
ambassador in addition to what Heather
now are just said closer to what
governments usually say in this event
here's your former boss tonight John
Kerry former Secretary of State the
administration needs to make it
unequivocally clear that in a million
years
this wouldn't be under consideration . .
not something that should require a half
second of consultation dangerous again
ambassador McFaul that's the kind of
thing government say were you surprised
to not get someone reflexively watching
your back from the top of the government
at the White House today disappointed I
think is a better word surprised I guess
although I'm a lot of things that come
out of the White House these days are
not surprising I was delighted by what
the State Department said that's an
excellent statement and and but the
weird thing about that statement was
that dependent clause at the beginning I
can't speak for the White House they're
all one government that it's the Trump
administration and time and time and
again when we talk about Russia it
appears like we have two policies we
have one policy by the entire government
and then we have another policy by
President Trump and it just does not
serve America's national interest to
have that and number two something very
important here I want to make sure
people understand by not batting away
this as absurd the president is
suggesting that there's moral
equivalency between an indictment put
out by by mr. Muller of 12 Russian
intelligence officers who violated our
sovereignty and the evidence is
overwhelming with a crazy cockamamie
story that makes absolutely no sense no
logical sense that somehow the US
ambassador is helping a money-laundering
and yet by not saying that these things
are not equivalent they're the
residents suggesting that there is moral
equivalency to that and I just find it
deeply disappointing I hope they do a
better job tomorrow at the press
conference and are we really led to
believe that in that two-hour meeting on
the kind of informational Dark Side of
the Moon with only interpreters present
Putin says to Trump I have a great idea
and here it is it's going to think of it
as kind of a player trade yeah it's very
consistent with the Vladimir Putin I
know this information is a tool that
they use all the time that's why I wrote
the whole book about it Bryant to try to
educate the American people just for how
dastardly then the methods are that he
uses both domestically and abroad and
they you know the way I interpret it is
the indictment came out they needed
something to say I don't think it's an
accident that the number of Americans
named is 11 almost the exact same number
and then he's quite an effective
storyteller Vladimir Putin I've been in
those meetings many times and you know
when you know the facts you can push
back but if you don't know the facts you
can just kind of nod your head and say
okay like the president said that sounds
like an interesting idea and that's just
tragic that is means our president was
not prepared to go into that meeting for
five minutes one-on-one with Vladimir
Putin let alone for two hours you've
said it yourself it's all in your book
in a manner who you lay out how it is
that this could happen including this
passage we've read before about a kind
of a tense interplay you had at one
point as ambassador with Putin he turned
away to stare intensely at me with his
steely blue eyes and stern scowl to
accuse me of purposely seeking to ruin
US Russia relations Putin seemed
genuinely angry with me I was genuinely
alarmed the hair on the back of my neck
stood on end and sweat covered my brow
as I endured this tongue lashing from
one of the most powerful people in the
world an ambassador because we know the
stakes and we know what has happened to
innocent people on street corners in the
UK a serious question I never thought
I'd have to ask you do you worry about
your life being in danger serious answer
seriously no
although I just had somebody come to my
house today to deliver some papers out
of the blue I didn't take them I wasn't
there
so the strange things like that happened
but I you read that passage I think it's
important to understand this is also an
act of intimidation against me
personally and there's other people that
are listed there I'm a critic of
Vladimir Putin I think that what he does
abroad and at home are things that we
should disagree with and so this is yet
another tactic to intimidate me like he
has done with other people and I wish I
just hope my own president my commander
in chief would understand it for what it
is and push back both in public and in
private
Jonathan Lemire is there any indication
on God's green earth that something like
this could ever be agreed to is this
just kind of a cruel 24-hour spooling
out of a crazy idea if past is prologue
that's probably what this is that the
White House would entertain an idea and
would be talked out of it the other
branches of government we saw a little
bit of course in the State Department
spokesman today members of the truck
ministration with cooler heads would
prevail this would be something that the
president would sort of float while
eleven Americans sweat right of court
yes that's not taken into consideration
here because this president views things
under a very narrow political lens his
own and in this exchange and we of
course are not privy to the details in
that private meeting but you could see
it in that news conference that I was in
the room for where that he seemed
generally enthused by this idea that
they could have be this almost
investigative investigators swap and I'm
sure his consideration was not at all
the Ambassador or the other ten
Americans who would be some potentially
subjected to this but rather his own
hide and wear how this could affect the
Muller probe and could you buy it would
potentially serve to just further muddy
the waters that these Russian
investigators were going in it would
slow things down if the in some way this
would ever happen he probably saw it as
yet another way to damage the
credibility of an investigation that
seems to be creeping closer and closer
to him in the White House hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
