the other important person in this
indictment the other important unnamed
person is Russian government official
he's easier to figure out he's believed
to be Alexander tortion former member of
the Russian parliament currently a
senior official in Russia's central bank
he's believed by European prosecutors to
have significant ties to Russian
organized crime he is now sanctioned by
the US government so mr. tortion can no
longer visit people like Scott Walker in
the United States but prosecutors
essentially accused Maria Bettina of
acting at his direction secretly in this
country and they've provided a lot of
evidence of their interactions some of
the evidence that we know of their
interactions though is just on public
facing social media like this photo of
them for example together this is from
Maria patinas Facebook page mr. tortion
himself also maintains a robust presence
on Twitter which gives us all lots to go
through including this rather remarkable
post from July 6th 2016 in which mr.
tortion shows these pictures of a medal
that he says he received that day from
the FSB the Russian spy agency I mean
this guy supposedly somebody who works
at the Russians central bank
why did the FSB give him a medal for his
work a medal of appreciation right after
Donald Trump clinched the Republican
nomination for president I don't know
why the FSB gave them a medal but here's
here's just one last thing that you want
here in the case against Maria booty
know this was accused of being a secret
federal agent working for torsion here
on this Russian influenced operation in
the u.s. one of the things we learned in
the charging documents in her case is
how she spent election night 2016
according to online conversations the
FBI says it obtained just a couple of
hours after the presidential election
was called for Trump Maria boo Tina and
tortion discussed online who Trump is
going to nominate a Secretary of State
then just a couple days later
according to the FBI quote Betina sent
tortion a direct message via twitter in
which he predicted who might be named
Secretary of State she quote asked
tortion to find out how our people felt
about that potential nomination here's
why that should jump out at you and why
we should take a moment to consider why
federal prosecutors might have put that
conversation in particular in this
public charging document
in March Jane Mayer at The New Yorker
published a profile of Christopher
Steele very famous person now right
former British intelligence officer
whose memos on the alleged collusion
between the Trump campaign in Russia
became the infamous steel boss yet what
little bombshell on that article from
Jane Mayer was that in addition to the
dossier of Christopher Steele's memos
that BuzzFeed published last January we
all saw there was also a previously
unknown previously unreported additional
memo that Christopher Steele wrote after
the election quote one subject that
Steele is believed to have discussed
with special counsel robert molars
investigators is a memo that he wrote in
late November 2016 after his contract
with fusion had ended this memo which
did not surface publicly with the others
is shorter than the rest it's based on
one source described as a senior Russian
official that official said he was
merely relaying talks circulating in the
Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs but
what he had heard was astonishing people
were saying that the Kremlin had
intervened to block Trump's initial
choice for Secretary of State
Mitt Romney so Jane Mayer published
that's good a few months ago a couple
days later The Wall Street Journal
published this report showing that
during that same period right after the
election November 2016 quote
russian-backed online trolls flooded
social media to try to block Mitt Romney
from getting the Secretary of State job
quote several of the most popular
accounts linked to a pro-kremlin
propaganda agency slammed the former
Massachusetts governor encouraging their
tens of thousands of followers to take
action so we all know how this story
ends right of course Trump picked as his
Secretary of State not Mitt Romney but
out of nowhere the Exxon CEO Rex
Tillerson to whom Vladimir Putin had
personally awarded the Russian order of
friendship in honor of all the big oil
deals they had signed together tell her
soon as someone who Trump had never met
before the presidential election he'd
never had any dealings with where did he
come up with that as a choice for his
Secretary of State the Russian trolls
who were so up in arms about the
prospect that Romney might be the choice
they were publicly delighted when Trump
instead picked this guy he'd never met
before when he picked Rex Tillerson
the idea that a foreign adversary may
have exercised some kind of veto power
over our president's cabinet choices
that is an explosive allegation right
that's not affecting the election that's
affecting the conduct of the US
government after the election at this
point we have potential evidence that
that may have happened and it comes from
several different sources including now
a federal indictment I mean there's the
the medal that Russian official number
one from the latest indictment got from
the FSB when shrimp got the nomination
there's also the medal that Russian
President Vladimir Putin gave trumps
surprise picked for Secretary of State
right after Russian official won and
accused Russian spy Maria Bettina
talked about checking out whether
Trump's choice for Secretary of State
was okay with our people I mean that
seems like something that probably
warrants looking into did Russia not
just help elect Donald Trump did they
pick the cabinet and if Republicans in
Congress who are professing to be so
stunned and puzzled and concerned by
Trump's behavior in Helsinki this week
if they were genuinely interested in
uncovering exactly what has gone on
between Trump and Russia what the extent
is of Russian involvement in our
democracy this is exactly the sort of
thing they could hold hearings on if
they wanted to and a lot of other things
besides ambassador Michael McFaul joins
us next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
