welcome back if you needed any more
evidence that civility and our politics
as well deteriorated just take a look at
today alone a day where the president
United States took to Twitter to call a
porn actress horseface a senator and
potential 2020 rival Elizabeth Horne
Pocahontas meanwhile Nebraska Republican
senator Ben Sasse is out with a new book
then why we hate each other and how to
heal sass argues that Americans are more
connected than ever thanks to technology
were also more lonely and unfulfilled
part of the point I was making but the
loss of the Sears catalog and that loss
of community is feeling the polarization
in our politics he writes in his book we
are in a period of unprecedented
upheavals community is collapsing
anxiety is building and were distracting
ourselves with artificial political
hatreds that can endure and if it does
America won't senator Ben Sasse joins me
now senator I don't know what you could
be writing about these days you just
take a look at today's headlines and
well we'll joke and our staff meeting oh
it just is another we'll call it Tuesday
it to me is what a lot of people look to
you as the antidote for and I guess what
I'm curious about is why are you a
lonely or voice out there then what I
think you should be well first thanks
for having me on and your source catalog
segment is an interesting set up for
this right so people people shouldn't be
looking to me for a solution to this
because the solutions are gonna have to
come from neighborhoods all across this
great nation of 320 million people
political polarization political
tribalism is amping right now because
the good tribes the natural tribes the
normal traditional tribes by which
humans have found rootedness they're all
in collapse and it's a strange thing
because the digital revolution is great
I'm sort of a tech nerd at one level and
I think the digital revolution is going
to produce more total economic output
than the world's ever known but it's
uprooting us from place family
structures make you happy
deep friendship makes you happy shared
vocation and co-workers make you happy
local worshiping communities make you
happy but it turns out as technology
undermines all of those things were less
and less connected to rootedness and we
have to learn new habits for that and so
I think political tribalism is mostly
a symptom of a problem not the actual
problem political tribalism is filling a
void as people feel less connected to
their neighbors and that actually is
correlated with happiness not your
political tribe what do you make
historically of the 19th century because
this is something that many media
historians will say to me and they'll
say you know what
we were pretty polarized in the 19th
century it took a civil war we actually
had a hot Civil War you had room you
know part of it was the expansion of the
printing press to every corner and
people could just print anything sound
familiar to where we are today and it
created these you had tribal newspapers
at the time but we got through that
through tell how would you explain how
we got through that period and got to a
better place because my guess is that
the answer is probably similar today to
today it's a great question and thank
you for letting me go full nerd I didn't
know we were gonna get to do this so I
want to be clear them is at least 50%
constructive it's about how we solve
this why you want to take your
smartphone off your dinner table so you
don't send all the wrong signals to your
kids that you don't actually importantly
want to be there rooted with them so
them is 50 percent constructive but if
the analytical piece I actually spend a
lot of time on what you're talking about
the last 200 years of media history it
is true that the kind of yellow
journalism phase of a lot of the 19th
century was tribal press but because it
was local what ended up happening we
didn't have national media at that time
what ended up happening is you had a
whole bunch of bigotry against people
who weren't from your place but in your
place you thought people were a part of
the same tribe so you felt like there
was a we we were in it locally together
again lots of broken stuff about that
phase in history but when is it ended up
happening with the rise of national
media in kind of the middle third of
this century is we ended up with a bunch
of shared American facts and we're now
going back to a phase where you can have
different facts depending on your
ideology the problem is you're not
connected to place anymore so on social
media you often only hear from people
who only believe the exact same things
you do and you can say everybody else
are the bad guys let's find good versus
evil against people we disagree with in
politics but you don't actually have
that at a local level so you have a
massive two
line of local connection and local
friendship the biggest thing seems to be
the local newspaper I'm curious how many
of your neighbors still get the link the
Lincoln Journal star delivered to them
does the leakage anistar even deliver
every day they still do and the Omaha
world-herald
are our two big dailies in Nebraska
we've got about thirteen or fourteen
dailies in the state I live an hour
outside Omaha on a little town called
Fremont 25,000 person farm town we still
have a daily as well but Husker sports
coverage is actually the main reason
people subscribe to the Omaha
world-herald
and I don't have the exact numbers but
when I graduated high school in 1990 I
think about 35 percent of Nebraska
households subscribe to the world Herald
today I think it's only about about 10
to 15 percent of Nebraska households so
the decline of local journalism does say
something about the decline of local we
and I named this book them because we
need to recover a we and most of that we
isn't going to be found in politics it's
gonna be found in your neighborhood I
understand that but political leaders
have to be role models and this
president is a rule is a role model but
not necessarily one that I'm guessing
you would want your kids or my kids to
follow when it comes to how to deal with
people you disagree with for instance
yeah I mean you know you don't call
women horseface I mean that's that's not
the right move right I mean that's
that's not the way men act so there's
there's a lot that should be done
differently in our national political
discourse but Donald Trump can't solve
this problem because Donald Trump didn't
create this problem politics can't solve
this problem because politics didn't
create this problem politics are
important but politics should be about
coming up with a cost effective
infrastructure bill politics shouldn't
be the place where we look to find good
and evil and grand meaning and one of
the reasons optics is rewarding it but
our politics is rewarding it that's what
I think is it the incentive straw I'm
with you but the incentive structure
tells you something else does it not
yeah you're right right now auntie tried
the things were against again why I
named it then the reason this is
happening in politics is because there's
not enough
we shared a tribe about this stuff
you're for we know what makes people
happy
like we know this philosophically and
theologically but now we know in
sociology too you're happy if you have a
tight nuclear family you're happy if you
have three or four deep long-term
enduring friendships you're happy if you
have meaning
we'll work if you have coworkers you're
happy if you have a local worshipping
community the digital revolution is
undermining all those things we've had
we have half as many friends in America
as we did 27 years ago in the literature
we had 3.2 friends / American in 1990
1.8 friends today the consequences that
are pretty dramatic and a lot of lonely
people are looking to Washington to
solve their problem and they're looking
to social media to find a tribe about
who they could at least have the common
experience of hating together that's not
gonna fulfill you and so while
Washington needs to do a better job and
you're right about your role models
point we also need Americans to
recognize we're gonna build new habits
for rootedness even though technology is
enabling us to be rootless your late
19th century analog fits well
urbanization industrialization had a big
lonely moment it's a lot like our lonely
moment now we'll get through it but
we're gonna get through it with new
habits but Senator Facebook tells me I
have so many more friends than you just
said anyway I say that rhetorically we
know were added
go ahead so do i let's do it again I'd
like to do that and maybe see on my
podcast where we have even longer
conversation about this senator Ben
Sasse good luck with the book it's an
important read I hope people take the
time to do it hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more Meet the Press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
