Rick you can understand where
Republicans are coming from every time
they push back on the President and from
Charlottesville to the Access Hollywood
tape most significantly they've been
proven wrong in terms of voters voters
will still go out and vote for Donald
Trump do you think that would still a
good idea to put polls and to put voters
not voters but to put votes excuse me
over a national security issue at the
one we saw on Monday
well they do so at their peril but you
know these are guys who largely put
their honor in escrow a long time ago
when it comes to Donald Trump he is not
going to ever be a better candidate or a
better president he's always going to do
these things to them they're gonna keep
touching the hot stove time and time
again and what we've seen so far in all
the special elections in 17 and 18 is
that the Donald Trump touch has not
helped people like you know Ed Gillespie
in Virginia or Rick ciccone in
Pennsylvania the the the the damage
Trump does to Republicans lasts a long
time and even if they try to you know
issue a pathetic statement on Twitter or
what-have-you or one of those I wish he
wouldn't have said that constructs they
are still hurt by it it still lingers on
and it's just gonna continue and in this
case it's one more thing where they they
heard him and walk it back yesterday
they breathe a sigh of relief it's a no
let's get back to the important things
like Peter Struck's emails and and of
course they're gonna play this game over
and over again until they fall off the
edge of the cliff Rick you have an op-ed
that says it's time for Republicans in
the House and Senate to to finally hold
Trump to account there's also this
editorial in New York Times those
Republicans looking for a pretext to
avoid confronting a president of their
own party those accustomed to behaving
like whip dogs may try to dodge behind
mr. Trump's clumsy attempt on Tuesday to
weasel out of his most egregious
comments but those who are serious about
defending American democracy and undoing
the damage of mr. Trump's a globally
televised submissiveness have the power
to take action what should they do in
order to push back Rick look the I laid
out in the New York Daily News today a
very simple three or four step process
and
need to confront Donald Trump directly
on this by doing what their job is which
is to pass legislation to improve our
election security to improve our
cybersecurity to pass hard sanctions
against Russian oligarchs to take us out
of the Swift system with Russia the the
banking system with Russia
so that punishes Russia directly they
need to delay these things out as a
legislative accomplishment so he has to
either veto it or accept it they are a
co-equal branch of government and they
refuse to act that way frankly I think
they should censure Donald Trump look
they set the impeachment thing aside
it's a very high hill to climb but they
should censure Donald Trump for his
behavior in in during this European
disaster tour because you know he acted
like like like a like a whipped dog for
Vladimir Putin the entire time and and
they need to basically send him a
message at some point now will they do
this of course not they are completely
terrified of him you know and Paul Ryan
has abdicated every single bit of
responsibility as a leader of the house
he's letting Devin Nunez and that clown
show run wild and they're in there
pro-russia defenses of Trump and you
know so I think what I layed out was one
more of these markers in the road that
says you guys have a way to fix this you
have a pathway to fix this but if you
choose not to you know SOPA myth it's on
your heads
Democrats want even even more than that
Democrats want to see Donald Trump's
text returns yeah not only that mark
Sanford southern South Carolina
Republican wants to see Trump's tax
returns it is amazing how much a
Republican is capable of once they
decide they're not going to run for
re-election it is just the saddest thing
to watch these guys find their voice in
their spine the second they don't have
to stand up I won I don't think that
wanting tax returns should be above and
beyond whatever else we're discussing
that should be the very very baseline
and I'm hopeful that we're seeing
exactly how important it is to have that
kind of information when we're vetting a
presidential candidate because things
can get quite awful if we don't know
what's in there
secondarily I read what Rick's op-ed I
agreed with it a hundred percent I do
ever think you'd be saying that out
honestly now
electric longtime but but no I thought
it was incredibly smart the way he laid
it out and I thought one of the one of
the key points was taking Devon Nunez
and the show trials out of the house
like we need to stop doing that I
understand why House Republicans are
behaving the way they do that is really
where the Republican Party is a slave to
this base just as you were talking about
at the start of this segment that's been
going back for a decade there's really
nothing they can do now they have so
gerrymandered these districts that only
the reddest of the red will even vote in
them they are not able to make a case to
the more moderates they're not able to
reach across the aisle and maintain
support in their district because their
district isn't built that way they did
it to themselves but that's what they're
stuck in right now where I'm at a
complete loss is what the Senate is
doing these are people who have to stand
before entire States and you can't find
an entire state of people who believe
that Donald Trump is correct that Russia
has done nothing wrong and in fact we
should let them into our intelligence
process hand over the keys and see what
they come up with so the fact that the
Senators are the ones who really could
be stopping this and they have decided
not to
it seems politically short-sighted and
and then in the long term it seems
incredibly detrimental to our democracy
so I don't know what's going on in their
minds Mitchell McConnell didn't name the
president yesterday he just said I think
the Russians need to know that there are
a lot of the us who fully understand
what happened in 2016 and it really
better not happen again in 2018 Putin
will really really listen to that hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
