we will see what happens as the
president just stepped in it again today
is Russia still targeting the u.s. mr.
president we're doing very well probably
as well as anybody has ever done with
Russia for those keeping track at home
that is the president directly
contradicting his own Director of
National Intelligence again listen to a
DNI Dan Coates said only last Friday
these actions are persistent they're
pervasive and they are meant to
undermine America's democracy on a daily
basis the warning signs are there the
system is blinking and it is why I
believe we are at a critical point so
how in the world is Sarah Huckabee
Sanders going to explain this away did
Donald Trump me to say yes instead of no
remember it was this time yesterday that
the president attempted a laughable walk
back of his news conference in Helsinki
I have President Putin he just said it's
not Russia I will say this I don't see
any reason why it would be it should
have been obvious I thought it would be
obvious but I would like to clarify just
in case it wasn't in a key sentence in
my remarks I said the word would instead
of wouldn't the sentence should have
been I don't see any reason why I
wouldn't or why it wouldn't be rushed
as ludicrous as it was some Republicans
like Marco Rubio bought it will they
still today and what does it mean for
the push on Capitol Hill to subpoena the
translator who was in the room while
Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump met
one-on-one look all of us know what took
place
and they what occur we'll just press
conference
anything substantive that came
also at the same time don't want to be
you know we're looking in the precedent
I'm not sure it's even appropriate we're
checking that if it is certainly we'll
pursue it so our big question today is
will the president's words today give
Senator corkers push even more momentum
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
