the fallout continues from president
Trump's taught trade wars with many
farmers feeling the effects firsthand
and because of that some of them are
leaving their crops and livestock behind
and heading to Washington to raise their
concerns face-to-face with lawmakers
NBC's Vaughn Hilliard is on Capitol Hill
with one of those farmers what are you
seeing and hearing there Vaughn Chris
for the last month and a half we've had
the opportunity to travel around
visiting a lot of different at
industries particularly AG industries
that have been impacted by those
retaliatory tariffs from Mexico from the
EU from China from Mexico and actually
the very first individual we met back on
June 1st at his Decorah Iowa farm was
Bob hema Seth you farm corn and you're
also a pork producer 40,000 hogs a year
2,600 acres of corn I think when we
first met you there what the corn is
about three inches high how tall is it
now well the corn said I right now so
it's grown a lot since last time we
talked 810 feet yes now when we talked a
month and a half ago you were telling me
that you were hopefully the president's
trade efforts we're gonna be able to get
better deals for AG economy yet you are
also skeptical in a little fearful of
what would come if this prolonged much
longer today a month and a half later
what are your concerns and what's your
message to the White House well our
concerns is that we're seeing this
escalate we're seeing these tariffs
being being imposed on on the products
we produce and our message simply is is
that we need to get these trade issues
resolved we need to keep these markets
open and we need to get things going
because we're hurting out here
economically we are going we're gonna be
joining you he's gonna be meeting with
senator Grassley senator Ernst and a
couple congressman from Iowa his
delegation we met up with them yesterday
and asked them the very specific
question that Bob is going to be coming
and visiting you what is your message
what are you doing on behalf of farmers
like Bob this is what they told us
United States at the White House with
the support of other senators on this
issue the catastrophic is having a brain
the stress is ringing
to American
I understand the president's efforts but
we are potnick crosshairs we have to get
trade deals done
it's imperative we are feeling the pinch
now at the markets as hogs go down as
corn goes down and our young farmers
they may not be able to sustain
your to Senator is just there that we
just heard from note the immediate
impact that this will have on farmers
like you what is it that you want from
your Republican lawmakers your
delegation here in Washington DC I want
them to continue the strong message that
that these export markets are important
and that we need to get these trade
issues resolved as soon as possible so
that we can have some certainty in the
marketplace and so that we can get back
to opening these markets and selling
products to these countries Bob thank
you Chris we're gonna be with Bob
throughout the day as he visits office
to office here on Capitol Hill with that
very message Chris Vaughn thank you very
much we'll look hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
