president Trump seems to misunderstand a
fundamental part of the NATO alliance
and a Fox News interview recorded after
the news conference with Vladimir Putin
membership in NATO obligates the members
to defend any other member that's
attacked so let's say Montenegro join
last year's attack why should my son go
to Montenegro to defend it from attack
why is that and what you're saying I've
asked the same question you know
Montenegro is a tiny country with very
strong people by the way they're very
strong people they have very aggressive
people they may get aggressive and
congratulations you're in World War 3
now I understand that but that's the way
it was set up now really that's not
actually the way it was set up article 5
of NATO is a collective defence Clause
meaning if a member country initiates a
conflict other NATO members are not
obliged to defend them and again the
only time that provision was ever
invoked was after the 9/11 attacks when
the Alliance came to the defense of the
United States but that mention of
Montenegro is going to come up again so
remember it concern about president
Trump accommodating Vladimir Putin has a
lot to do with Russia's aggressive moves
around the globe in the past decade back
in 2007 Estonia removed a Soviet world
war ii monument on the day Russia
commemorated the end of that conflict
Estonia suffered a massive cyber attack
on that tiny country's very heavily
connected infrastructure servers went
down ATMs wouldn't function bank
accounts were blocked much of the
internet was rendered inaccessible okay
and Sonjia is one of those countries
that borders the the new Russian
Federation in the Middle East Russia has
popped propped up Syrian dictator Bashar
al Assad in 2011 blocking UN involvement
and directly entering the conflict in
2014 here's Russia here Syria in 2014
Russia aggressively moved to annex
Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula sparking
international condemnation we all know
about this and again ukraine shares a
very big border with russia and in 2016
a group of russian nationalists were
accused of a planned assassination
attempt on Montenegro's prime minister
the attack was reportedly organized to
prevent that country month
grow from that's right that's Russia I'm
sorry montenegro's right there from
joining NATO something it ultimately did
the following year the Russian
government denied involvement in the
plot and the same year Russia began to
interfere in the UK's brexit referendum
social media posts and fake Twitter
accounts were used to sow discord and
spread misinformation sound familiar
that was a tactic honed and deployed
against the u.s. presidential election
where Russia's involvement is being
documented in multiple indictments by
the Justice Department
I was 2016-2017 social influencer
campaigns were again used to attack the
French presidential election including a
hack of then candidate Emmanuel macron
emails those efforts eventually failed
and laced last year Russian tankers were
accused of transferring fuel to North
Korean ships supporting the regime
despite the Russian government's pledges
to support the US sanctions against
North Korea and earlier this year former
Russian spy and his daughter were
poisoned by a dangerous nerve agent on
British soil the attack is believed to
have been directed by the GRU that's the
same Russian group blamed for the
election attacks two British citizens
later fell ill from the same nerve agent
and one of them died last week joining
me now is former counterintelligence
officer and author of the plaque plot to
hack America Malcolm Nags Nance and
Mother Jones Washington bureau chief
David corn guys thanks for joining me I
guess the first thing I want to get to
is the very unusual thing that Donald
Trump did yesterday afternoon about 3:00
p.m. Eastern in which he you know people
say he corrected or he clarified his
comments but but Malcolm there was
nothing in there that was that made
anything clearer the president said he
misspoke he said would as opposed to
wouldn't it doesn't make sense in the
context of everything the president has
done and said in Helsinki no it doesn't
make context and let's just put this on
its face this is a lie the president
lied he came out saw that he was caught
in his own his own supportive speak of
Moscow he attacked the United States
intelligence in Helsinki multiple times
and then when confronted by his staff in
the backlash in the United States his
staff came out
fabricated alive and then as soon as he
said it he reversed even on that so you
know that's what you're gonna get with
Donald Trump and like one of the
senators said today wait 24 hours and
let's see him backtrack on this david
korn some of the president's supporters
say that in the 2 and a half hour
meeting he had with Vladimir Putin of
which we have no record he must have
tried to Vladimir Putin in that meeting
any reason we should believe that
there's no reason to believe anything at
this point
I mean it's like Marie Antoinette coming
out and saying I meant to say let them
not eat cake I mean it's just absurd but
the there's an important question about
the meeting and I salute you for that
great intro because you know that shows
that the attack in 2016 on our election
was not meddling correct it was an
attack that's part of a strategic
campaign there
Putin has developed over the last couple
of years to use asymmetrical warfare to
to weaken Western liberal democracies
that can't connect and challenge him and
expand his own influence but at the
meeting the private meeting
my question is won't ever see a
transcript my question would be did
Trump and Putin talk about how they
would then discuss the Russian attack at
the subsequent press conference because
it probably came up and if they did and
Trump said I'm gonna say this and Putin
said I'm gonna say that that is
colluding that is collusion in favor of
or to support the Russian disinformation
campaign the Russian cover-up but this
thing never happened and that to me is
mind-boggling that you potentially have
a president United States colluding with
Putin to cover up an attack on the
United States so it interesting Malcolm
that David talks about a strategic
attack on Western democracies you could
look back at the last 10 days of the
president's visit to Brussels and London
and then Helsinki his attacks on Justin
Trudeau his attacks on Teresa Mays
attacks on Angela Merkel and his attacks
on NATO calling our European allies of
foe and that could be a strategic attack
on Western democracies and Brett Stevens
was here yesterday telling me he just
doesn't think that Donald Trump believes
in a free world he doesn't and that's
what the entire
minds of my book plot to destroy
democracy is about this is the great
realignment of the world
that's what Helsinki heralded I really
think that what we saw on Monday was the
beginning of the collapse of Western
liberal democracy the Atlantic Alliance
from the axis from Washington DC to
Europe they are re-engineering this and
as David said the Russians have figured
out that they could harness free speech
and social media to hack the mindset of
the American public and it is a Russian
strategic doctrine to go after those
mindsets and to convert them to where
you can technically invade a country
without actually invading with armed
forces that's what's happened here
Donald Trump is a believer in Moscow's
worldview one quick point he mentioned
Montenegro yeah when talking to Fox News
last night and like you showed in your
intro here Montenegro
had Russian intelligence officers from
the GRU that were surveilled by NATO
counterintelligence they intended to
kill everyone in the Montenegrin
Parliament he'll take over in a coup and
establish Serbs as the dominant force
there and then invite Russian military
forces in to take over that was supposed
to happen
two weeks after Donald Trump was elected
president and that would have
established Russia's presence in the
Adriatic Sea in Central Europe along
with all these other psychological
warfare attacks they were doing and
worth noting that Ukraine had been
taking steps to make a stronger alliance
with the West and and NATO and of course
that also caused that's right David a
lot of times Trump supporters will make
an argument that the president is
playing a chess game that you just don't
understand any sense to that either I
mean I don't think it's a game that he
understands I mean III do think he they
there's there's I don't think there's
strategy here I think it's psychological
I think he has this affinity for Putin
goes back to 2013 we I documented this
in the book I did with Michael Isikoff
he wanted to be best friends his words
with Vladimir Putin
autocratic thug who runs the regime in
which dissidents and journalists are
killed invades other countries and then
who later attacked America he wants to
be friends with him and then he looks at
Justin Trudeau Angela Merkel and he
can't be bothered with these folks who
want to treat Trump like an equal and
want respect so there's a strong
psychological component here I think
Putin recognizes that and plays off that
but also I don't think he believes in
working with others he doesn't believe I
think in alliances and and
multilateralism and you know listen we
can make criticisms about NATO and what
the necess that what did you what its
role in the world should be and there
can be a real policy argument about this
but that's not what Trump brings to the
table here it's about him and Putin
ruling the world together
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
