murmur New York City Police Commissioner
and MSNBC law enforcement and counter
counter terrorist analyst Commissioner
Bill Bratton Commissioner two more
packages found this morning one to
Robert DeNiro what do you make of all
this
well quite clearly that there's an
effort being initiated to create fear
which it certainly has good news today
is that the FBI now has a number of
these devices that they are going to be
in a position to disassemble to
determine the functionality where they
ever intended to actually function and
if so how in terms of how were they
supposed to be detonated and if not well
then that changes the focus from trying
to cause bodily harm to effectively
creating fear so my sense is by
hopefully the end of the day with the
expertise they have down there the
multiple devices they get to work with
that that will be a significant step
forward as to where these things ever
capable of functioning and also the
design of them the idea of where did the
idea for the design come from similar to
what he was just describing they have
the ability to go back through the
internet who's putting out designs for
this type of device who's been basically
subscribing to that site the building
back of the investigation is going to be
assisted tremendously by the fact that
so many of these things ten of them and
there's the potential for slip-up for
example what you just described
that's only in one of them so was that a
slip-up or was that something
intentional to put that in there so they
have that capability with so many of
these things out there to really advance
the investigation decay significantly
what does it tell you that none of them
detonated do you believe that this
person he or she was just trying to
scare us or create chaos or they just
didn't know how to get the job done well
so often in these instances the device
is intended to go off when the package
is open it's the best of my knowledge
that the information that's out there at
the moment these were contained in an
envelope there was no attachment to the
envelopes or the envelopes opened they
would trip a device to spend some
discussion about a timing device on it
well these things are being found over
the space of several days
so what was the timer set for with no
guarantee when it would in fact be open
nor where it would be at any given time
there's also some discussion that two of
them was CNN and the George Soros
devices may have been not delivered by
the post office but potentially CNN may
be a courier George Soros may be
somebody actually dropping in the box
that gives you additional ability to
investigate because you then start
checking every camera within a
significant radius to see two o'clock in
the morning in a car go by up in George
sources neighborhood where there's not a
lot of traffic and to build up of these
investigations is my perspective there's
so much to work with here at this time
and they are working feverishly to try
and get to the motor because the
dissension it's causing the fueling of
the political debates that you report on
so significantly here in other news
stations
this has really ramped that like sowing
fuel on the fire
alright I want to pull pulled that
picture up again of that device the one
where we have the picture and you can
see that get er done so to your point
commissioner this could be a slip-up and
you say there's so much to work with but
is that the case or are we now going
into needle-in-a-haystack territory
we've got two new packages it's not just
prominent Democrats it's George Soros
it's Robert De Niro it's almost as
though the scope has gone even wider
other than I think the patent is clear
that one of the things law unfortunately
looking at clearly is so many of these
people have been the subject of attack
by the President and others over the
last civil he's attacked a lot of people
well we're certainly gonna go oh the
president what I'm saying is that that
is part of what they're looking to the
NYPD within the last several days
literally fanned out to Schumer's office
to Gillibrand's office to literally
anybody that might have been potentially
a possible target
NYPD fortunately has that type of
manpower they can do that but just think
of some of the people that are so
prominently attacked in recent weeks
that law enforcement will certainly be
putting their officers on notice be very
mindful of anything that appears out of
the ordinary
particularly until they get to the ball
what was the motive hitman hopefully who
was the source of it commissioner mayor
de Blasio said earlier this morning this
could continue for days or weeks but
people should go about their daily lives
and their business and they should not
be scared do you agree with that we are
a week away from Halloween here in New
York City people will be walking around
the streets even this Saturday night in
masks with with bags people not
identifying themselves kids all over the
place drunk people
Saturday night should we be concerned
that should be concerned and that's
expected what the mayor was saying it's
what I've been saying throughout my
career scary night well Halloween think
of the good old days when Halloween was
security is concerned about a razor
blade and then Apple and in having
unfortunately instances or syringes so
there's always been that element but the
reality is that this individual or
individuals what they're trying to do is
Sophia and the way you deal with fear is
to awareness this trying to find ways to
bring us together rather than divide us
around the idea of not letting him
create him or her or whoever create fear
so the mayor's remarks or the same
remarks I made when I was in the
business and even now and consulting
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
