just moments ago during this cabinet
meeting he was asked if Russia is still
targeting the United States the
president said no he was then asked
another question related to this topic
not exactly clear what that question is
but he used it as a chance to reiterate
one of his talking points on Russia he
said no president has been as tough as I
have been on Russia I think President
Putin knows that better than anyone
better than the media I can tell you
when I've spoken to Republicans Chris
who are very disappointed in what they
saw in Helsinki from this president they
go back to that point they say look at
the policies this president has been
tough on Russia he's enacted sanctions
he's expelled diplomats and so that is
part of the justification for not
breaking with him completely after he
appeared to side with Putin over his own
intelligence community during that joint
press conference now again all of this
comes against the backdrop of the
president yesterday trying to clarify
and clean up his remarks amid really an
avalanche of criticism from Democrats
and Republicans and some of those within
his own administration the Vice
President his Secretary of State urging
him to come out and can we just you know
the point of that make up that
clarification was to say unequivocally
that he believed US intelligence and at
least for part one he was trying to say
he believed that Russia was responsible
he'd missed a knot in there or an
apostrophe T and there wasn't but does
he understand that if he says Russia is
still targeting the US no he says in
answer to that question that that is not
agreeing with the US intelligence
assessment it's a really important point
as you have stated Chris US intelligence
is that Russia continues to target the
United States that there needs to be a
robust effort to make sure that this
doesn't happen again in 2018 to make
sure that the electoral process is
protected from this type of activity so
that undoubtedly is going to be at the
forefront here when we hear from press
secretary Sarah Sanders a little bit
later on today but on that very point
Chris you saw the president sort of give
a caveat yesterday when he was supposed
to be very
clear when he was supposed to come out
and definitively say yes I not only
believe in my intelligence community I
agree with their assessment that Russia
is to blame he added that caveat that he
has done so many times in the past which
is to say there could also be someone
else that is going to be I want to
interrupt you because we're gonna roll
that tape Kristen just came in I do
think so thank you all very much
appreciated thank you very much every
well we're doing very well probably as
well as anybody has ever done with
Russia and there's been no president
ever as tough as I have been on Russia
all you have to do is look at the
numbers look at what we've done look at
sanctions look at ambassadors not there
look unfortunately at what happened in
Syria recently and I think President
Putin knows that better than anybody
certainly a lot better than the media he
understands it and he's not happy about
it
and he shouldn't be happy about it
because there's never been a president
as tough on Russia as I have been okay
thank you very much
so kristen welker just to reiterate the
question is Russia still targeting the
u.s. something all of his intelligence
agencies have answered in the
affirmative that the committee's the
relevant committees have answered in the
affirmative and he said no and it
strikes me as I'm looking at that tape
I'm not sure you can see it from where
you are but you know what a cabinet
meeting looks like that the people in
that room as he was answering that
question are the very same people who
you reported were the ones who got him
to go back yesterday and make this
statement clarifying that he supports
the intelligence community they had to
sit around that table just minutes ago
and listen to him essentially disavow a
key finding of the intelligence
community you're absolutely right and I
would expect that they're going to be
meetings about how they will clarify
those comments again when we hear from
Sarah Sanders but of course we're going
to hear from the president in the coming
days he says he's gonna have a big event
tomorrow a workforce training event so
he'll get some more questions about all
of this but Chris to your point the
bottom line the president yet again
appearing to break with the findings of
his own intelligence community part of
what some critics believe is going on is
that the president wants to move on from
this topic so significantly because he
does feel as though it has cast a shadow
over his electoral victory even though
the findings are also that it didn't
have an impact necessarily on the
election but that for him this becomes
very personal and that's part of why you
see him continually trying to turn the
page and frankly sweep this under the
rug
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
