let's start with these reports that dick
John Kelly Mike Pompeo vice president
pens all intervened to force the
president's hand give us a sense from
your reporting how much pressure was
there was it mostly coming from Capitol
Hill from his aides what else can you
add to Kristin's reporting well Chris as
the the post is reporting that as well
that Pompeo Kelly and vice president
pence were involved in helping convince
the president to come out yesterday and
make that statement but he's feeling
pressure from all over including on Fox
News were some of his regular reliable
cheerleaders were sort of at a loss for
words in the immediate aftermath of the
Helsinki summit the president has not
does not take kindly to these negative
headlines he watched a lot of it he
consumed it as he flew back home when he
saw what Newt Gingrich posted because
right Gingrich is somebody who has not
ever been critical of this president
that's right and that was a very strong
tweet that Newt Gingrich had right after
the the Russia summit and that helped
convince President Trump he had to do
something but it's important to point
out that what he walked back yesterday
was only a fraction of what he actually
said face-to-face with Putin and he has
now three days later yet to directly
confront Putin yet to warn Putin against
any future attacks in future elections
such as the 28th mid-eighteen midterms
which is something that members of
Congress are very concerned about all
right let me go to my panel Phil they're
sticking around seven tweets in about
two hours let's go through these very
quickly because I want to unpack a lot
first why is he even bringing up war
because he's Donald Trump and that's
what he does it's an it's a
unfortunately Donald Trump thinks war is
a shiny object it's what we saw him do
in North Korea we see it's one of his
go-to things here it is some people hate
the fact that I get along with President
Putin of Russia they would rather go to
war than see this and Zerlina I'll ask
you to explain he's calling this Trump
derangement syndrome
well that that comes from the Bush
administration so the Bush derangement
syndrome was the label for progressives
who just everything Bush did we hated it
and complained about it and no matter
what he did even if it was a good thing
and so I think he's trying to adopt that
for the for his purposes I think
for him is that what happened on money
was a deep betrayal of the country he
sided with a dictator who attacked our
country over our own intelligence
operatives in a moment in which we have
more information than we've ever had
before
based on Friday's indictment exactly how
the attack happened exactly where the
money went how it flowed how everything
was paid for and their strategy in
trying to help him win the election and
I think instead of looking through the
attack through the prism of how it
helped him personally or how it impacts
him personally
we should be thinking and the president
ultimately should be thinking about how
it impacted the country because it
wasn't just an attack on Democrats it
was an attack on America and Susan once
you realize you have this epic problem
that everybody is coming out against you
who sits down in a room and says let's
change one word for another well I think
that's probably the best thing they came
up with let's face it these presidents
and if you the president doesn't like to
make admit he like he's made a mistake
so they probably sat around and this was
probably the only thing that they could
know John Kelly calling Republicans on
the hill and saying essentially you know
use this machinery publicans as a weapon
here I mean how do you even call the
Republican and say go ahead you know
speak out against your president this is
the chief of staff it's the chief of
staff he's also a general who served his
country with honor and distinction and
was probably outraged with what we what
he saw like many others were now he's in
a position that he he couldn't speak up
there are however a lot of Republicans
some did but there should be more
Republicans speaking up and against this
president if this would have been if we
would have seen an attack a cyber attack
against the National Grid or against the
New York Stock Exchange this president
would have been outraged and we and it
would have been a very significant
problem this was an attack on our
democracy and he sat stood there in
Helsinki and refused to hold the
perpetrator Putin accountable well and I
think we also had a lot of people on
Capitol Hill who are supposed to be a
Czech that's their con
- Chanelle job that's what they do these
are co-equals branches of government and
they said I support the intelligence
community but they would not say no it's
not okay to stand next to an murderous
dictator and and acquiesce to him and
and saying by the way he accepts the
Intel community conclusion and then
saying that it could be other people
also for the second time by the way in
as many months I mean this is not the
first murderous dictator who said it's
the next tip not everybody sat back and
and pondered their own political future
certain people stood up you know john
mccain of course who has always been a
voice in these issues had a very very
strong statement but Ryan Costello on
Pennsylvania six was just on the air and
I want to play for you what he had to
say we don't know what was said by our
own president in a two-hour meeting but
we know what that following press
conference was and the fact that nothing
was said for 24 hours it's deeply
damaging I mean we should let's we
shouldn't sugarcoat that and we
shouldn't accept that somehow a double
negative or should instead of a
shouldn't or shouldn't instead of a
should is somehow gonna just make all
this go away and everything's good again
because that's not the case so can we go
back to the fact that we do not know
what happened in this meeting and even
though there are calls for the
interpreter to come in this is not
somebody whose job it is to parse
national security issues or things that
may or may not be classified the russian
military said yesterday they were ready
to implement international security
agreements and we don't even know what
that is
i mean do we have any idea we have no
idea chris and that's a really important
point president Trump's sat down with
Putin for two full hours with only their
interpreters there were no note takers
there was no Secretary of State there
was no national security adviser in the
room he didn't have sort of the normal
entourage that one would have and the
reason that note takers go into those
sorts of meetings is so that the US
government would have some sort of
record of what is agreed to and what is
discussed and what Putin says and what
Trump says but there's no such record
and Trump has not provided any
substantive details of what was
discussed or agreed to in that
meeting and it's also worth pointing out
that neither Trump nor Putin is a
particularly reliable narrator both of
them exaggerate the facts all the time
they lie sometimes you know if Trump
were to come out of that meeting and
tell his aides what was said there's no
way we can really rely on that to be
factual how do you make foreign policy
how are you part of a foreign policy
team and you don't know what is said in
a one-on-one meeting with the leader of
Russia let me ask you guys finally is
Congress gonna do anything you know
Senator McConnell has indicated that
maybe now there's the possibility that
he might push bipartisan sanctions to
deter more Russian interference will
Republicans go there what what if
anything is going to happen Susan
sanctions probably will happen increase
sanctions but that's not enough we have
to go back to what was the fundamental
problem which was an attack on our
democracy sanctions are not enough we
don't right now they're talking about
zeroing out some of the appropriations
for election security a ballot security
yeah that's insane we need to have
people stand up the president cannot get
away with letting this go through one or
two years we have said that for those
you know we have said this before is it
gonna be different this time
probably not I but I do agree with Susan
that the Republicans need to finally
stand up to the president because this
is really not about partisan politics in
this moment Russia could decide in the
2018 midterms to hack the Republicans
and support Democrats because their
ultimate goal is sowing chaos and
they're very successful because
President Trump is essentially repeating
all of the propaganda talking points
that have been potentially affected by
that blabbered point because we don't
know what was that in the meeting this
isn't about midterms about the house who
controls at the Senate this is about
American democracy and we really need to
start putting our elected officials both
Democrats or Republicans out there all
the time to defend it otherwise they're
just breaking that oath of office that
they took when they were sworn in hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
