let's bring into the conversation Tom
Malinowski he's the Democratic nominee
for Congress in New Jersey's seventh
district and the former Assistant
Secretary of State for democracy human
rights and labor under President Obama
good to have you with us thank you let's
talk about what's playing in the seventh
District of New Jersey we were just
talking and serve suburbs of New York
summit that area sort of western suburbs
what are people talking about when you
knock on doors and you go to events
what's top of mind so the election in
districts like mine is still going to be
about health care it's still going to be
about transportation a huge issue for
New Jersey it's going to be about taxes
and the impact of the tax bill on
middle-class homeowners in in districts
like mine but I got to say with this
week's news there's an opportunity for
Democrats like me especially those of us
who have a background in national
security to say that the the Democratic
Party is now the party of patriotism in
this country the party that is willing
to defend our country against our true
foreign adversaries the party of law
enforcement in this country that is
willing to trust the FBI over fox news
that will believe our intelligence
community when they say our country's
under attack and and people I talked to
increasingly whether they voted for
Trump or not want somebody who will at
least provide checks and balances in the
Congress and do something to stand up
for our country and in in in an
unsettled time Tom you were there in the
closing days in the Obama presidency
when you say you were racing against
time to try and get information out on
Russia many Democrats say that the
reason why that information did not get
out was because Mitch McConnell would
not agree to sign on to a bipartisan
statement and that if they did it by
themselves it would be viewed as wholly
political but at the same time Democrats
say well if we would have known more we
would have done more who's right why
didn't that information get out was it
fair to blame McConnell I think it's
it's fair to blame McConnell because I
think we need this to be bipartisan in
the United States of America we need to
stand together when our country is under
attack and and you know let's let's talk
about what's happening right now is that
really what happened did Mitch McConnell
put the brakes on that and put the
brakes on the bipartisan state
yes that's right now we did inform the
American people I mean we did say the
intelligence community came together
unanimously to tell the American people
what was likely to happen in the
election and well the rest is history
it's in time though the president right
in part when he says these violations
happened under President Obama and that
you all should have done more do you all
regret not doing more I believe we
should have done more actually why
didn't we I think it was it was very
very difficult to act on an issue like
this when there wasn't complete
bipartisan support but let's let's talk
about what's happening now because this
is a little bit like you know Harry
Truman saying you know Pearl Harbor
happened on my predecessors watch so I
wash my hands of it we need to defend
our country right now and the House
Republican leadership in particular
let's not forget has been one
hundred-percent complicit in president
Trump's attacks on the FBI on our
intelligence community from day one so
all of this this this criticism this
shock over what he said in Helsinki
which he has said a hundred times before
it is it doesn't it means nothing to me
unless the Republican leadership in the
house and the Senate brings up
legislation to protect Muller brings up
legislation on sanctions brings up
legislation on dark money and foreign
money in our politics brings up
legislation on the president's tax
returns brings up legislation to stop
this trade war which they can do enough
of the tweets enough of the complaints
do something that's what people in my
district are demanding so I'm a Jersey
boy from Mississippi so I want to pin it
back to state politics and you talked
about the Democrats are the new Patriots
now how how would you describe your
political agenda where do you see
yourself in this current what we might
describe as a civil war within the
Democratic Party you have folks like
Ocasio Cortes who's represents a
particular kind of progressive thrust
right and then you have traditional
Democrats like Nancy Pelosi and others
who are saying that we need to state we
need to stay in the center how do you
see yourself fitting in that debate and
and and and kind of detail some policies
to kind of
ress what everyday ordinary workers are
experiencing right flatlining wages
declining wages uptick in inflation
where people on Main Street feel like
they don't they're not really feeling
this recovery so I'm gonna question the
premise I think of course there are
differences of opinion in the Democratic
Party but if you look at Democrats in
the US Congress in what I think is a
time of a national emergency they have
hung together in an extraordinary way on
virtually every single important vote
look there are a lot of ways in which I
want to change this country but I don't
think 2018 the midterms are
fundamentally about changing this
country they are about saving this
country they are about coming together
finding a bipartisan consensus on
protecting America from our foreign
adversaries and holding together as one
America at home if we can't do those
things then the the minor debates within
the Democratic Party on economic policy
will seem very trivial to historians 20
30 40 years from now all right Tom
Malinowski will be talking to much more
I'm sure of the course of this campaign
the Democratic nominee for the seventh
District in New Jersey thanks for being
here thank you so much still ahead this
morning President Trump once again
weighs in on whether he'll get involved
in Justice Department investigations
that's still to come on Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
