okay lots to catch you up on right now
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in
Saudi Arabia having dinner with Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman as the United
States tries to get answers about the
disappearance of Washington Post
journalist Jamal Khashoggi but Pompeo
met with the prince
and his father Saudi King Salman in
Riyadh earlier as NBC News learned from
three sources that Saudi leaders were
discussing a plan to admit that
Khashoggi was killed at the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul one source said
the Kingdom will claim quote rogue
operatives killed keshavjee during an
interrogation that went wrong
Turkish investigators left the consulate
early this morning after spending about
nine hours searching the building and
taking samples and evidence it was the
first time police were left were let in
since Khashoggi was last seen there
exactly two weeks ago and the search
came hours after a cleaning crew this
cleaning crew was seen going into the
building a cleaning crew went into the
building before Turkish authorities did
NBC News chief global correspondent bill
Neely Neely joins me now from Istanbul
bill first of all let's cut get up to
speed on what we believe is going on in
Saudi Arabia are they preparing to come
forward with some sort of explanation as
has been reported since late yesterday
well yes I mean the first hint of that
of course was from Donald Trump talking
about the possibility of you know rogue
actors in this appalling drama
it looks like the Saudis are you know
having for two weeks basically said they
didn't know anything about at least
plausible deniability for both the king
and for Mohammed bin Salman now
ratcheting back realizing that that
story simply didn't fly realizing that
the world did not believe them
investors fleeing like crazy from the
investment conference do in Saudi Arabia
next week and they realized that they
had to come up with a different
explanation partly of course because the
Turks have evidence exactly what
evidence we still don't know but we
think it's possibly videotapes certainly
audio and now with two police teams
going into the Saudi consulate actual
physical evidence so the Saudis you know
trying now to have a plausible
explanation and I suppose the criticism
from some in Congress is that Mike
Pompeo may be part of that squaring of
the circle and that really he shouldn't
be doing that the US shouldn't be
involved in this at all but if you take
that view then maybe Donald Trump
shouldn't have been floating the trial
balloon that it was a bunch of rogues
gone wrong more importantly yesterday
when you and I talked at this hour
you floated an idea there that Turkey
Saudi Arabia and the United States may
want this headache to go away they might
be looking for the way in which they can
move past this in a way that doesn't
challenge the amount of oil that America
gets from Saudi Arabia the amount of
money American companies make there the
amount of weaponry that Saudi Arabia
buys from the United States in that
that's maybe a diplomatic effort to try
and and and sweep this potential murder
of Jamal keshavjee under the rug yeah
absolutely right I mean the coachee
family came out with a statement today
saying that they were traumatized and
calling for an independent international
investigation well sadly for them I
think that's simply not going to happen
this is now in the realm of great power
politics and a diplomatic deal as being
stitched up I think the only possible
loser in all of this is the Saudi Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman who Mike
Pompeo met today for half an hour indeed
he's sitting down to dinner with him at
this very moment was the world's most
powerful thirtysomething he was the real
decision-maker in Saudi Arabia
Amani was responsible for Saudi Arabia's
great reform effort or great reform
effort at least women are driving now
but responsible for all sorts of other
things like the war in Yemen like the
arrests of many Saudi royals and
dignitaries in the ritz-carlton hotel
and the extortion of money from them
arresting the Lebanese Prime Minister
having him resigned live on TV a host of
extraordinary things but now much much
worse than that
he is complicit in murder and people are
running from
very quickly indeed did you hear
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham
talking today in very distasteful terms
about Mohammed bin Salman so if anyone
is the loser in this I think it's him
and the Saudis are desperately trying to
claw back really the reputation of the
kingdom here and come up with some deal
that allows them plausible deniability
and of course the Turks are absolutely
piling on the pressure here they're
quite happy to see their regional rivals
squirm and that may have contributed to
the release of Pastor Andrew Brunson
while the Turks can gain points in the
eyes of the United States or the West
they were taking in an opportunity to do
so
bill you have covered the world and you
know this administration in particular
and I might generalize and say American
and Western governments in general have
often turned a blind eye to countries
that are business and strategic and
diplomatic and military partners when
those countries engage in human rights
abuses or press freedoms abuses this is
just not something we tend to do we tend
to say as the president did we've got
remarkable business relationships with
Saudi Arabia they are in fact the
largest buyer of American arms the
president in an interview in 60 minutes
named Boeing Raytheon Lockheed Martin as
companies that employ Americans that
would suffer if we were to impose
sanctions or stop selling things to the
Saudis this is the way of the world
unfortunately yeah I mean every country
likes to think it has an advertised an
ethical foreign policy and sometimes
that does include human rights but
President Trump has not been a great
champion of human rights and I think
here it's realpolitik that's going to
win out
president Trump made clear right from
the beginning that he wasn't willing to
sacrifice that huge Saudi arms deal I
think he quoted the figure of 500,000
American jobs fear I'm not sure that
relates directly to the psy.d arms deal
but yes he named all those companies and
of course the Saudis were not slow in
saying look if you mess with us
we'll mess with the global economy and
on the Saudi state media they were
talking about the possibility of oil
price per barrel
yeah going up to $200 a barrel it's now
around or just over $80 a barrel so look
you know the Saudis are flexing their
economic muscle the Turks were asking
the Europeans you know what what on
earth do we do about this what's your
advice so all the great powers are
cooking up some kind of explanation that
will be convenient to everyone and as I
said yes one loser maybe Mohammed bin
Salman but really the real loser is the
family and and the person of Jamal
khashoggi and of course the great
question is where's his body hon earth
did he die yeah and why did this happen
in the first place our bill it's a
complicated story we appreciate your
breaking it down in your analysis bill
nearly for us in Istanbul he's our chief
global correspondent joining me now is
Robin Wright journalist and senior
fellow at the Woodrow Wilson Center
she's also known Jamal keshavjee for
years Robin good to see you again Marco
Rubio one of the US senators Republican
senators who do not seem to be satisfied
with this pending Saudi explanation for
cash oh geez death has asked a number of
basic questions let's say the Saudis
come out and say this was a rogue thing
or an interrogation or a rendition God
and wrong where's the body
why no phone call to the family why two
weeks of lies about this and why is the
secretary of state of the United States
sitting with Mohammed bin Salman in what
some observers seem to think might be an
effort to craft a plausible response
that will allow Saudi Arabia to get past
this I mean any of these questions take
whichever one you want
well the repercussions are clearly
deepening in Washington there has been
widespread consensus among Republicans
who are allies of the president
questioning not just the leadership of
the kingdom but the u.s. relationship
and the very strong language from Marco
Rubio Lindsey Graham Mitch McConnell all
indicates that for the foreseeable
future Saudi Arabia is going to have a
very hard time bettering relations or
repairing relations with United States
Saudi Arabia is not in any way a
democracy if they go with this answer
that it was an interrogation gone wrong
a rendition gone wrong
rogue killers who may not have even been
sent by Saudi Arabia who may have killed
somebody inside the Saudi embassy in
Istanbul the message that may send is
that Mohammed bin Salman is not as in
control of things as he would have the
world believed so this is a bit of a
double-edged sword for Saudi Arabia
either Mohammed bin Salman the the
putative head of Saudi Arabia ordered
Jamal cash oh geez killing or he didn't
both the problems for him yes and
Mohammed bin Salman is clearly the
singular power in the kingdom he has
consolidated all five major wings of
government including the military
establishment the economic council in
the political royal court
there is almost no avenue to challenge
his rule and many of the people among
the 15 who reportedly went to the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul are employees of
branches of government that he controls
it's very hard to see how he didn't know
or didn't have some role in this very
tragic affair and the way it has played
out the way it has been bowled with the
repeated lies that the trying to find
some out for the kingdom recalling
diplomats
it's really quite staggering I can't
think of anything
congra hold any place else in the world
recently a number of members of Congress
senators are doubting the Saudi story
and have said that if this story is the
one that comes out they still don't
actually believe it
Lindsey Graham said this morning he's
going to quote sanction the hell out of
Saudi Arabia if this is the case is that
even likely to happen well there are
arms sales that are at stake and the
idea of sanctioning Saudi Arabia is a
little bit difficult to see how it plays
out but there are a lot of questions
about the future of the Saudi economic
plan Mohammed bin Salman future kind of
rests on his vision 2030 which is a plan
to diversify an oil reliant economy and
he needs hundreds of
billions of dollars and foreign
investment to make that work and of
course he was holding it continues to
plan to hold a conference this month to
try to draw in potential investors and
many of them are dropping out so the
stakes really have deepened it's not
just the affair of trying to figure out
and out for explaining the disappearance
and reported dismemberment of Jamal but
also the future of this court
relationship in the future of the
kingdom as it tries to be something more
than just an oil-rich desert monarchy
let me ask you what you think is going
on with Mike Pompeo and Mohammed bin
Salman is it a stern conversation that
says you guys need to sort this out or
are they crafting a response we have to
hope that Pompeo was reading the riot
act and saying this is unacceptable
behavior
this is someone who was a resident of
the United States has American children
and close ties with the United States
you can't treat anyone that way in your
kingdom or outside the kingdom but the
optics of the meeting today were very
striking that the Secretary was sitting
next to the crown prince and they
appeared to be laughing enjoying each
other's company and the crown prince
deliberately while cameras were rolling
pointed out that the two countries have
been allies in the past the present and
will be in the future and Pompeyo quite
enthusiastically said absolutely and
that's not the kind of message that that
the administration should be sending
right to the kingdom that might be an
interesting long-term message it's not
the short-term message at least while
there's questions about a man who may
have been murdered in the Saudi embassy
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
