welcome back the US budget deficit is
soaring and neither a tax cut nor a
booming economy are putting a dent in it
the way the president promised the
federal budget deficit increased by a
hundred and thirteen billion dollars in
the fiscal year 2018 that's a 17 percent
increase over the last fiscal year that
brings the deficit grand total to a
whopping 779 billion dollars this year
now since that's more money than most of
us have let me put this into perspective
for you the deficit is the difference
between what the government government
gets in revenue this is actually flipped
really--it's revenue minus spending in
this case we've got spending minus
revenue because we have more spending
than revenue but basically it's what you
take in - what you spend falling tax
revenues is what the problem is because
they can't keep pace with the increased
spending on things like the military now
historically large deficits have been
associated with recessions or Wars
things where the government has had to
spend a lot of money on in order to
finance them so the war of 1812 big
deficit the Civil War huge deficit World
War two yet bigger deficit I'm sorry
World War one was a big deficit World
War two was a yet bigger deficit the
financial crisis in 2008 led to large
peacetime deficits in the years after
because the government spent billions of
dollars to stimulate an economic
recovery but each of these large
deficits was followed by some sort of
belt-tightening that shrunk the deficits
or in a very few instances actually
created a budget surplus where you take
in more money than you spend one of the
biggest contributing factors to this
year's deficit spike is the GOP tax cuts
Congress knocked off more than a
trillion dollars worth of forecasted tax
revenue and then boosted government
spending at the same time the Trump
administration promised that the GOP tax
law would actually decrease the deficit
because it would unleash growth remember
the president talked about four or five
six percent so far we haven't seen that
joining me now is CNBC editor at large
John Harwood John the deficit is soaring
Republicans the party in power decried
debt and deficits for years what
well what gives is we have a very
consistent pattern and it's gone all the
way back to Ronald Reagan every single
Republican president has presided is
since 1981 has presided over rising
deficits and both Democratic presidents
Bill Clinton and Barack Obama have
presided over falling deficits why is
that while the Republicans cut taxes
they insisted it wouldn't increase the
deficit but it did when Democrats raise
taxes they said that that would make
things worse because it would put the
economy into recession that did not
happen
in both cases the economy recovered and
the deficit went down now they're
running the same play this time many
people all economic forecasters ahead of
that tax cut said it was going to
increase the deficit Trump minuchin Gary
Cohn others said no no no that's not
going to happen well guess what it is
happening one of the problems with
deficits is that they it becomes a hot
topic for a little while debt and
deficits and then it goes away you and I
have seen this happen on a cycle many
many times how do you get people to
engage in the necessary conversation
about when the government should spend
more than it takes in and when it
absolutely shouldn't what what's the way
in which you get people to care about
deficits and debt well I don't know
Allie what's a way to get people to care
about the right sequencing since so much
of our political reactions are colored
instantly by partisan arguments you know
as you remember when Barack Obama was
president people like Paul Ryan and
others who said that the deficit was
rising we were about to turn into Greece
it was a horrible thing for the economy
that was principally a partisan argument
there is concern about deficits but
Republicans are concerned about deficits
principally as a means of holding down
government spending they want government
to do less they want government to be
smaller with when Republicans are in
power they turn around on deficits and
say well the way to make government
smaller and make the economy better is
to reduce taxes that will generate more
growth and it will then create pressure
to reduce spending which is what people
like we're doing Mitch McConnell and
Paul Ryan have said we need to go cut
Social Security and Medicare Mitch
McConnell said it is morning right
problem is Donald Trump says he's not
going to do that right so McCants were
left with deficits that are going to
rise to a 1 trillion by 2020 according
to the Congressional Budget Office and
be above 1 trillion dollars every year
as far as the eye can see the president
tweeted this morning that incredible
number just out seven thousand and
thirty seven million thirty six thousand
job openings astonishing it's all
working stock market up big on
tremendous potential of USA also strong
profits we are number one in the world
by far let's just focus on that number
seven million and thirty six thousand
job openings that is more job openings
than the number of people who are
officially on the unemployment rolls we
have we have more jobs available than we
have people officially seeking work now
there are lots of ways to slice and dice
that but that's a fundamental issue that
we have to face we have a bunch of
people who are either not geographically
in the right place or don't have the
right training for a whole lot of jobs
that are available exactly right that's
why Janet Yellen said yesterday that we
are at full employment she's worried
about the economy overheating and it's
also why the idea of cutting legal
immigration now is counterproductive
economically because we need more
workers to do those jobs we need more
Skills yes but we also need more bodies
more people in the United States to do
that work and if they're not here we're
not going to get the economic growth
that everybody's rights you need the
labor force working in order to increase
your economic growth the way the
president talked about at four or five
or six percent whether that's even
possible
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
