bringing now the former Secretary of
State Madeleine Albright she's the
author of the new book fascism a warning
Madam Secretary great to have you with
us always and especially this morning as
someone who's been on stages like that
yesterday as someone who's sat in rooms
with the Russian President to someone
who's sat across from adversaries what
were your impressions as you watch that
news conference yesterday well I have to
say many impressions but mostly stunned
disbelief at the behavior of the
president United States in terms of not
defending our country and in really
bending to the kinds of things that
Putin really wanted I think Trump is the
gift that keeps giving to Putin and
secretary Albright what do you suspect
as you watch that I mean you may
speculate if you wish or not but what's
going on here what are we looking at
when we see a president not willing to
defend the United States and not willing
to back up his own intelligence agencies
against an adversary like Putin I find
it very hard to get inside president
Trump's mind I'm not a shrink but I
really do think that there are other
things going on in terms of what his
desires are or that he doesn't
understand what the responsibilities are
of the President of the United States
and what worries me there are many parts
that worry me but what really does worry
me what went on in that meeting where
nobody was I found very interesting in
the picture before they go in to their
private meeting is potent is sitting
there with a pad of paper I've been with
Putin he takes notes he is very smart
and there's no idea about what President
Trump did in there and what he promised
and revealed and it's a question like
we've been asking we'll continue to ask
why the president Trump insist on being
alone in a room for two hours with
Vladimir Putin without a secretary of
state without as National Security
Advisor or any of the people you
typically see there well because he was
meeting with Vladimir Putin you can be
assured that there's a transcript
somewhere and it's probably in Moscow
but Madam Secretary when you were
Secretary of State one of the functions
of the Secretary of State is to appear
before various Senate and House
committees Maul
times and therefore you appear before
members of the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee House Foreign Relations
Committee who are fairly well versed in
International Affairs
are you surprised given what has
happened not just yesterday but
repeatedly and lesser in lesser volume
over the past several months of the
Trump presidency that there has been
such muted response or reaction or
criticism of what this man mr. Trump is
doing to this country's image abroad I
am surprised that their Congress has not
reacted more because they do represent
the people I have to say that those
hearings you prepare for you think about
and you are prepared for some tough
questions and I do think that there
needs to be more action by our Congress
article 1 is about the role of Congress
across the board but especially in
foreign policy and so I do hope that
there's more call for explanation by the
representatives of the people Madeleine
Albright it's great to have you here
Madam Secretary and let me ask you what
what would your advice be to Mike Pompeo
today someone who has spoken out as CIA
director against what Russia did in 2016
someone who was spoken out I got against
Russian aggression and even since then
what advice do you have for him this
morning after the president of United
States humiliated himself in front of
the world well it's very hard to advise
somebody that doesn't consult but I
think basically it is important for them
to understand all the people that work
for a president Trump what their
responsibilities are but I do think that
people need to recognize that they took
an oath of office themselves to protect
the Constitution and I think everybody
has to make up their own minds about how
they're going to react but I do think I
can't visualize what the meetings must
be like after something like this does
anybody say
him to the president what in God's name
were you thinking about when you did
that because somebody needs to make it
clear to President Trump that his
behavior in that press conference was
unamerican outrageous ridiculous stupid
I can't even think of all the adjectives
that I think really should be attributed
to that behavior Madam Secretary Richard
Haas here good morning what would you
now say that the President of the United
States or the US government more broadly
should say to mr. Putin what should what
do you think we should be doing both in
retaliation against Russian interference
and what ideally do you think we should
basically threaten mr. Putin with in
order to deter future interference in
our politics well I do think first of
all I do think that there should be
conversations with the Russians I think
even in the worst circumstances
diplomacy is important and to have those
conversations at a variety of different
levels I think that our best tool at the
moment continue to be sanctions and I
think that we need to make clear that
not only are the ones that are on will
stay on but there might be some tougher
ones given some of the things that mr.
Muller came up with and to keep the
pressure on and I think that we do need
to have more outpouring of outrage by
members of Congress on this and just
generally talking about the fact that we
need to keep the pressure on the
Russians but not to say that we'll never
talk to them that's ridiculous I have
been in many tough meetings and I was
with Putin and I think one has to push
back not just agree oh you're so smart
and thank you so much for helping and a
variety of things that are unacceptable
for an American president to say ever
especially on foreign soil standing next
to the man that in fact has undermined
our electoral process we try to weaken
Putin's internal position should we be
sense willing to play fire with fire and
use cyber tools to try to influence
Russian politics I think we need to
figure out generally how we operate in
the cyber field and but we new need to
understand
some of you've already said is that
Putin is a KGB agent he is better at
propaganda than anybody and also at
lying and I think that the important
part is for us to look at what tools we
have and try to figure out how to
explain why democracy works and why you
don't congratulate somebody that has won
an election without an opponent that can
have any voice to speak and I think we
need to talk about the importance of the
press and not agree that the press is
the enemy of the people
Madam Secretary is Cathy K here I've had
diplomats of the course of the last few
days suggesting to me that the
transatlantic alliance and relationship
can survive four years of Donald Trump
but probably not eight years in the
context of what happened yesterday with
with Vladimir Putin where does this
leave Europe now what should European
countries be doing to fortify their own
security as the Germans have suggested
we can't rely on America anymore
well I think it's a tragedy when our
allies say they can't rely on us and I
have obviously spent a lot of time in
Europe generally and just before all
this took place and I think our allies
had trouble explaining what was going on
before I do think that it is possible
for the Europeans to have a strong
European defense and try to sort out
what the EU should be doing but I don't
think they should give up on America I
think that there are a number of ways
that those of us that have been involved
in this before need to keep restating
that we are an alliance the generally in
terms of our values that we need to
continue to work together and that we
are all resilient and we will get over
this
but we cannot normalize the behavior of
President Trump I think you for
mentioning my book Joe and I really do
think that I have said that it is a
warning that one of the things the best
quote in my book is from Mussolini who
said if you pluck the chicken one
feather at a time nobody will notice we
have just plucked a lot of feathers here
and I think that it's very important for
us to make clear that Trump has over
plucked and that we need to make very
clear what is going on
well I'm madam secretary obviously your
personal experiences in your life being
driven out of Europe dr. Burzynski's and
mrs. Brzezinski's experiences two close
friends of yours throughout their entire
lives put so much of this into sharp
relief especially considering that you
and dr. Burzynski spent your adult lives
fighting against the spread of Russian
influence and Central and Eastern Europe
that that must put comments like
yesterday in even more stark relief no
question because I do think that the
whole Putin has a plan he wants to
undermine democracy he wants to separate
us from our allies in Europe he wants to
reassert influence in the Middle East
and our president is a help in all of
this there is a term that the Russians
use it's called useful idiot I do think
that whatever President Trump were
thought he was saying he definitely
helped Putin's plans for getting back
into the game and for undermining
democracy in Europe we cannot allow that
to happen
Madam Secretary thank you for being with
us
mica sends our best and is reading
halfway through your book fascism a
warning by Madeleine Albright thank you
so much Madam Secretary thank you give
her my best thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
