Richard let me just get your initial
reaction to what we saw I think a lot of
people you know ambassador McFaul who
was the US ambassador Russia said he
went over the course of day from outrage
to sadness the United States president
would stand next to a tyrant who's been
proven to be interfering in our
democratic process and not standing up
to him and giving him the higher ground
particularly Willie when you not just
look at yesterday but you take a step
back and look at the preceding week this
is a week in which self-interest took
precedence over the national interest in
which America first gave way to Russia
first and this is a president who
basically was unwilling to take on
Russia but was more than willing to take
on NATO you know the EU and the UK the
so-called special relationship was
essentially discarded so the contrast
between the kid gloves with which he
dealt with mr. Putin and the frontal
assaults on our closest allies who for
70 years have been an integral part of
America's relationship with the world
that contrast was in stark relief
yesterday it was a bad week for the
United States and for American foreign
policy yesterday yesterday capped it off
and caddy K we heard across Europe
yesterday discouraging words from
American allies that stood what with us
through a generational Cold War with the
Soviet Union who was constantly being
pushed to do more by American presidents
to push back against Russia yesterday
and Britain in Germany across the
continent we had one leader after
another say we can no longer trust the
United States of America yeah it was the
German Foreign Minister was one of the
first to come out and say this means we
can't trust the White House anymore
after that press conference remember
those European allies are right up
against Russia's borders some of them as
well so they feel this very intensely
they know what Russian meddling looks
like some of those countries have
experienced it firsthand what it's like
to have Russian troops on their soil and
to be occupied by the Soviet Union no
one's thinking we're going back to that
Joe but everybody in Europe is looking
at well what do we do now how do we
protect ourselves
if the United States is going to
withdraw this completely and not just
withdraw but if the u.s. is now going to
side with the power that we have long
seen as our enemy and who has reemerged
as an aggressive actor on the world
stage just in the last few years and the
timing of Donald Trump reaching out to
Russia like this opening the door for
Russia to walk back in from the cold and
reassume a place on the world stage like
this with no positive implications and I
think it's worth looking forward after
this summit there was not a single thing
that was said during the course of that
press conference that would lead us to
believe that Russian behavior is now
going to improve not a single thing not
in Ukraine not in Syria not in election
meddling not in the Baltics if you could
come out of that press conferences and
say well yes maybe that two hour-long
meeting behind closed doors had led to a
better relationship and now President
Trump could influence Putin to act
better on the world stage that would be
one thing but nothing was said that
would make us think that was the case
what you you looked just looked at the
visuals yesterday and even if you
weren't listening to the sound even if
you look at the pictures Donald Trump
looked like a scared child he was he was
cow telling to Vladimir Putin who was in
complete control of the pet press
conference and it was not only
disappointing as an American to see a US
president and what he said it was
disappointing to see an American
president look as weak as Donald Trump
looked as fearful as Donald Trump look
is out of control as Donald Trump looked
as owned as Donald Trump look looked
Vladimir's
look at that picture of Vladimir Putin
owns Donald Trump and both of the men
know it and David Ignatius I cannot
imagine what it's like being dan coates
this morning or being somebody in
America's Intel agencies that have too
were the goods to the commander-in-chief
have proven that the attacks took place
and where the attacks came from and how
they how they were launched and in fact
who specifically launched them and from
what buildings halfway across the world
they've been launched in this should be
a moment in America's Intel community
for celebration they got a chance to
prove that they are the best and the
brightest on the planet instead they
have a president who yesterday defended
Vladimir Putin and his spy agencies
against forensic evidence that cannot be
denied what how do they go to work this
morning what do they do what is their
attitude the joy I think this was a
tipping point I wrote yesterday you
could almost hear the fabric of Trump's
presidency ripping after he said those
words I made a point of talking to a
number of former intelligence officers
after he made those comments and to be
honest they were shocked Mike Hayden who
ran the agency said he was stunned to
hear the words he imagined all of the
one-word expletives up and down the
quarters at the agency at the NSA as
people watched their screens and saw
what had happened that President had
sided with our adversary against their
intelligence will Hurd is a Republican
congressman from Texas so very
courageous operations officer said he
was stunned that an American president
would let himself get played by a
Russian president that way Dan Hoffman
who was our station chief in Moscow said
it would Trump's behavior was like
asking a criminal to solve a crime
that's just a sampling of the responses
from the intelligence people who've been
on the front lines as they watched their
president do this the reaction from
Republicans will talk about but I felt
that we were beginning to hear from
people who've refrained from criticism
one obvious example is
Gretchen Newt Gingrich said this is the
worst mistake of your presidency you
need to do something quickly about it
and that's just one sign that Donald
Trump went into a space with a whole
world watching that was different
yesterday and we all saw it and I think
the world's reacting to it now
so my kids obviously were outraged by
what we saw yesterday with Joe used in
other word which was disappointing and
this is not a political statement as a
statement as an American it's
disappointing to watch your president
stand up there next to an obvious foe
someone who has tried to change our
country by invading the democratic
process it's disappointing it's sad to
watch a present not stand up and in most
basic terms stick up for your country on
the world stage standing next to that
guy to not stick up for his own country
Willie you know to use a phrase
yesterday really was a day to cry for
the country this great Republic that
means so much to so many around the
world to see the President of the United
States mr. Trump shrink shrink next to
Vladimir Putin to drop his oath of
office to drop his duty on a world stage
to protect and defend the Constitution
of the United States and then to have so
many here in this country on on TV
programs like this one say what a
surprise
no this was not a surprise this was mr.
Trump in full view of the world this is
who he is ignorant narcissistic all
involved with himself his priority is
himself not the country not the
presidency he is unaware of history he
was unaware certainly yesterday of
anything that this Republic has stood
for through the ages the only thing he
was aware of clearly was that he was in
Putin's pocket I don't know if ignorant
is so much the word as scared you look
at the visuals you listen to every
interview Donald
his ever given and he is clearly scared
of Vladimir Putin he is clearly afraid
to ever cross the Russian leader he is
clearly clearly in his pocket
who else and it we talked about our
interview with Donald Trump in December
of 2015
soon after I think during the Superbowl
he was or maybe it was in when he's 17
for the Super Bowl but I remember he got
interviewed by Bill O'Reilly and said
the same thing that Vladimir Putin was a
strong leader and when I Riley brought
up the fact that Putin killed people
Donald Trump said yeah well our soldiers
killed people in Iraq as well so Donald
Trump is showing a moral equivalency
between the men and women in uniform and
a dictator that's invaded two countries
in a decade shot down a passenger
airliner poisoned and killed a mother in
England and has committed one atrocity
after another atrocity over the past
decade and yet Donald Trump continues to
play straight out of Vladimir Putin's
pocket ad and bolts in the Washington
Post wrote this morning that the
president refused to stand for the
country he was elected to represent and
protect time and time again that
certainly was obvious for Republicans
and Democrats alike for Trump supporters
and Trump antagonists yesterday they who
saw Vladimir Putin owned the American
president Heidi we did hear some
criticism from Republicans on Capitol
Hill but the question is what is next
do they continue criticizing him what
about the Republicans who seem to be
doing Vladimir Putin's bidding who were
desperate to stop robert muller and the
Justice Department's investigation which
is uncovering which
Russian spies which Russian agents which
Russian agencies are still trying to
subvert American democracy does
yesterday shameful performance change
any dynamics on Capitol Hill John
Brennan I think had the most compelling
question for these same members of
Congress when he said Republican
Patriots where are you and it was in
within the following hours that we got
some answers Joe and I will just say
Heidi we've lost your mic we're gonna
come back to in one second we've got a
little problem to work out there Joe I
think something that we can all consider
now having watched the president in full
view out in public in that press
conference cower next to President Putin
is why did he want to be alone in that
room for two hours with Vladimir Putin
why didn't he want dan coats or Mike
Pompeo or someone like that in that room
what did he need to say to Vladimir
Putin in private that he didn't want
anyone else to hear I think that's a new
and interesting question given the way
we saw he behaved out in public with
Vladimir Putin yesterday well and Willie
the the follow-up question is what did
Vladimir Putin want to say to Donald
Trump right what message did he want to
deliver what order did he want to give
what instruction did he want to give to
Donald Trump
this is this is Jon Meacham yet another
time where Donald Trump is absolutely
insistent that these two gentlemen be
alone there has been some question for
some time it's it's just for reasonable
rational Americans it's no longer a
question Donald Trump for some reason is
owned by Vladimir Putin Vladimir Putin
has him in his pocket as Mike Barnicle
said the question is what's the payoff
why did I as you said what Vladimir
Putin has what when a KGB agent owned
somebody
through compromising information it's
it's it's the payoff it's not a cheery
press conference where you make the
American president look like a bumbling
weak fat fool right the payoff is
something unfortunately always far
graver well there are a couple of
thoughts here one is if for some reason
Putin in his neo Czarist neo Soviet Way
wants to say take the Baltic states back
which they lost in 1991 at that point
after given again not just yesterday but
go back four or five days given the way
the president talked about NATO does the
president refuse to project power under
Article five thereby shattering the
Western alliance not just because of
what he talked to batteries talking to
Iran on the photo-op though we're
talking about a serious question of
actual failure to live up to our treaty
obligations that is a hyperbolic point
to make I didn't think in all of the
madness since in the last three years or
so since the escalator that I would be
saying that because I always thought for
a long time I have thought that we were
hyperventilating a bit about the Russia
can connection I now don't think so and
the only thing and the other seemingly
hyperbolic but now totally data-driven
point I would make is that when John
Brennan made that statement yesterday
about it meets the definition of high
crimes and misdemeanors with all respect
I would say actually what if the
definition it meets is the first word of
the impeachment article in the
Constitution which is treason bribery
and high crimes and misdemeanors has the
president's now in a sufficient way
shown that he's giving aid and comfort
to an enemy and that's the question that
the Congress of the United States
without looking at their poles without
getting their briefings about what their
base thinks they actually have to at
this point live up to an oath that they
took
yeah they certainly do and wit and
Willie you know if you look at what
Donald Trump has said over the past week
it's not just that he has given Vladimir
Putin everything Vladimir Putin has
wanted he has undermined America's
closest alliances he called when asked
who America's greatest foe was he said
the European Union first yep he went to
Britain
he attacked Theresa May he constantly
attacks Angela Merkel this is a guy who
again it's been a two-step process it's
not just been cow towing and and being a
blubbering idiot in front of Vladimir
Putin on the world stage
he completely undermined America's
Democratic allies who we have been
working with for the past 50 years to
keep Russia in Russia and by the way has
been since he became president going
after our allies in a way he never goes
after Vladimir Putin I want to go back
to Heidi Prince bill we got her Mike
working we're talking about Republican
reaction to all this almost to a man and
a woman Republicans in Capitol Hill came
out against the president's performance
yesterday and in almost every corner of
Fox News I should point out too with
some notable exceptions that will play
coming up in just a bit including an
interview with the president and Sean
Hannity
what do Republicans do now though angry
sad tweets are nice on day one but is
there something they're willing to do to
intervene here right it was John Brennan
Willie who said Republican Patriots
where are you and within the fall the
ensuing hours we saw that there were a
lot of Republicans who were willing to
speak out in various degrees but in the
end it was all words a lot of words we
didn't hear from Republicans about a lot
of actions for instance I would group
one category as the leadership with
Kevin McCarthy Senator McConnell senator
Cornyn coming out in strong defense of
US intelligence agencies but stopping
short of actually condemning the
president then you saw another group
much more forceful led by John McCain
for instance who called the
display actually disgraceful and you saw
a number of members who weren't just the
usual retiring variety of Republicans
including Lisa Murkowski who also used
similar language however what I did not
hear was a lot of Republicans proposing
specific action actually I think one of
the only ones was senator Toomey who
said unless Vladimir Putin is prepared
to extradite these twelve Russians we
should consider additional sanctions and
just to be clear there is in fact a lot
of things that this Republican Congress
could do starting with bringing in the
president's national security team to
sit for hearings to answer what exactly
happened on the sidelines none of them
actually know none of us know what
happened in the one-to-one except that
nice-looking lady with a notepad who was
the translator but they may be able to
provide some more clues as to what was
the president's state of mind before
what was the debriefing after and we're
not hearing for many Republicans about
their intentions to do that there is
right now a movement in the house to try
and water down some of these sanctions
is that going to stop is the display for
example that we saw in the house here in
that house hearing with trey Gowdy
bashing the FBI bashing the Justice
Department going to stop we don't have
any specific vows to take any action
like that yet they're just coming back
again to Capitol Hill so we'll see what
happens
well we'll we'll see I would be shocked
if anybody shocked I'm shocked by the
president's performance yesterday but
shocked if any Republican at this stage
is going to use their position to try to
gain a little favor with Donald Trump a
man who obviously is owned by Vladimir
Putin whether they're really now going
to be bashing the director of the FBI
and the Justice Department and Robert
Muller over an investigation that is
proving beyond a shadow of a doubt that
Russia did try to impact the election
and one thing we haven't noted yet
Willie about and I think
think great ideas by Heidi I I think
every member of the president's foreign
policy team should be called before the
United States Senate as soon as possible
and testify on exactly what happened in
Helsinki and the Helsinki debacle but
one thing the Washington Post does
report is that the foreign policy team
gave Donald Trump a script to go by
believed that he was going to talk tough
to Vladimir Putin and then were shocked
as they watch from the sidelines as the
president just cowered and completely
withered in front of the Russian leader
well that's the thing about it we can
call them before Congress I guess the
question is do they even know what
happened in those two hours in that room
it was just the two men they may have
had a plan we don't know if Donald Trump
executed the plan it certainly didn't
look like it as we came out we've got go
to break we got a thousand people who
want to jump in we've got a lot more to
say as we go to break I just want to
read one quote from the president
yesterday at that news conference that
distills this whole thing quote I have
great confidence in my intelligence
people but I will tell you that
President Putin was extremely strong and
powerful in his denial today think about
that as you're this morning on Morning
Joe will talk to the two US reporters
who held the president's feet to the
fire yesterday the a piece Jonathan
Lemire and Reuters Jeff Mason both will
be with us in just a moment also former
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright
former CIA director and now NBC analyst
John Brennan and the top Democrat on the
House Intelligence if we are just
getting started on a very busy Tuesday
morning here watching Morning Joe
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
