ambassador how good a day was this for
Russia how bad a day was this for the
United States
you know honestly Brian I don't think
even in their wildest dreams Vladimir
Putin or his entourage thought that it
could go this well you know when Sergey
Lavrov says better than super that is a
comment that he does I've never heard
him say that he looked giddy they looked
extremely pleased and none of the things
that they thought were gonna come up
came up in the press conference of
course we don't know what was said
behind closed doors as you pointed out
and then just underscore what you've
done been discussing this was a tragic
day for American diplomacy it would have
been so easy to just hit it out of the
park with Jonathan's question he teed it
up perfectly I have no doubt that the
the briefers his staffers before they
walked into that press conference were
briefing the president about how to
answer that question correctly and even
he could have taken a middle ground he
could have said nobody should ever
violate the sovereignty of the United
States of America when we are choosing
our president and not even talked about
Russia he chose not to do that and as
everybody said it was deeply lamentable
it makes him look weak in the eyes of
Putin and I think it looks makes him
look weak in the eyes of America he
after all is our commander in chief he's
supposed to defend us he didn't do that
today
so Julia is the only Moscow born
American scholar turned writer and
journalists here among us on the panel
tell us as best you can tell tonight how
is this being viewed in Russia I think
about the way Mike described it it's
seen as but at the same time you know
the people I spoke to in Moscow today
said we don't really know what that was
it was kind of a first step now they're
gonna have to talk about real things we
didn't expect any agreements to be
reached but actually you know it went
pretty well all things considered so you
know you give the Russians an inch
they'll take they'll take a foot or your
whole arm I I do have to say though you
know I I'm thinking back to 2016 when it
was becoming apparent that the
Kremlin clearly favored one candidate
first it was anybody but Hillary Clinton
and then it was very clear very strong
preference for Donald Trump
and I remember being asked over and over
again on shows such as this and well why
does he why does Putin want somebody
like Trump to be elected president of
the United States and today and last
week leading up to it first in Brussels
at the NATO summit then in London with
Theresa May and the interview about the
EU and this press conference there's
your answer it this is why Vladimir
Putin as he told us today wanted Donald
Trump to win Peter Baker were taking
great pains today and tonight to remind
members of our audience that the attack
by Russia on our electoral process was
on America and Americans so it's with
that in mind that I ask you how much
damage in your view was inflicted today
to the Trump presidency and to our
presidency writ large well I was struck
that you heard today not just Christmas
from predictable quarters not just from
liberals or Democrats or even moderates
but in naive just from never Trump errs
within the Republican Party you heard it
from a lot of conservative Republicans
who have otherwise largely kept quiet or
even been supportive of the president in
the past you heard as you mentioned from
Newt Gingrich who has written a very you
know flattering book about the president
been a supporter of his you heard it
from you know Liz Cheney who has been
supportive of him you is now a member of
Congress you heard it from Lisa
Murkowski who often keeps quiet during
these types of moments Adam Kinzinger a
bunch of other Republicans as well who
made clear that it's not just that they
disagree with what he said but that they
think that it was a terrible mistake as
Newt Gingrich said now does that mean
it's a turning point is that somehow a
change in the way the Republican Party
is going to respond to the way President
Trump has handled this issue with Russia
I don't know that's a really interesting
question but clearly it felt like such
an extraordinary moment that a number of
them felt compelled to speak out put
themselves on the record say we do not
agree with the president we stand by our
intelligence agencies and we do not
consider Russia to be
the friend that President Trump was
making them out to be today hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
