welcome back to spiked presidents Trump
and Putin dismissing Russian
interference in the 2016 election today
we just got even more evidence of
Russia's penetration of the American
political system we got breaking news
late today that a Russian national marie
abou tina was arrested yesterday in
washington d.c she's being charged with
conspiracy to act as an agent of the
russian federation inside the u.s.
without registering as a foreign agent
the criminal complaint alleges she
worked with a high-level russian
government official to exploit personal
connections with US persons having an
influence in American politics and
infiltrate organizations active in u.s.
politics all in an effort to advance
Russian interests joining me now is
former US Attorney Joyce Vance an NBC
News justice correspondent Pete Williams
Pete what can you tell us well you're
absolutely right those are the main
points here now agent is a is a term
that has to be understood in the law
it's someone acting on someone else's
behalf they're not accusing her of being
a spy but they're saying she came here
as a graduate student in August of 2016
with one goal in mind and that is to try
to insinuate herself into the political
process to advance Russia's interests
now this is not a robert muller case
she's not accused of trying to affect
the 2016 election by hurting clinton or
helping trump but what the indictment
says here is that she became friendly
with a number of conservative
organizations and a large donor to the
republican party and became a member of
the National Rifle Association the
charges don't actually mention the NRA
they call it the gun organization but
law enforcement officials say it was the
NRA that she organized dinners in
Washington and New York for people to
try to come together and talk about
Russia's interest that she got herself
invited to the National Prayer Breakfast
she went to NRA conferences she even got
her Russian benefactor to come with her
to one of the prayer breakfasts last
year now she did appear briefly in
federal court today her lawyer says
she's not an agent of the Russian
government that she's agreed to
cooperate with investigators that she
testified
for eight hours before the Senate
Intelligence Committee nonetheless he
says they decided to search her
apartment in May or rather in April I
think and what we're told is the reason
they've got ahead and filed the charges
now is that she was preparing to move
out of town and so they decided to act
on the case now how does this connect to
Alexander tortion Peden and who is he
well he is according to the court
documents her benefactor he was a
Russian legislator a key official in the
Russian government a senior official in
the Russian state bank and a trump or
rather a Putin associate and what they
say is that she and he coordinated that
she he was she would she would get
taskings from him and that he was kind
of her mentor and the one or geing her
to get more involved in the American
political system Pete Williams Pete
thank you very much choice um what is
the significance of an arrest like this
in this moment it's interesting Katie
because this is different than what
we've seen from Muller who's gone to the
grand jury and obtained indictments you
know which don't necessarily involve
arresting people in the moment here the
government and this is the United States
attorney in the District of Columbia
Jesse Liu obtained a complaint which
requires having an FBI agent set forth
in an affidavit the basis for the
government to believe that there's
probable cause that a crimes been
committed that's a lot of lawyer talk
but what it means here is that the
government probably believed that there
was some risk that she was about to flee
or leave or otherwise evade their
jurisdiction so they felt the need to
act quickly it doesn't rule out that
this is part of Muller's work but it
doesn't necessarily mean that it is and
one side benefit of the complaint
processes we now have this long and
rather detailed affidavit that the agent
wrote that lays forth the government's
case against miss beauty nough so senior
Justice Department officials tell us
that this is separate from the Muller
investigation at the same time they also
say the actions taken by this Russian
national go far beyond a
Action Day 2016 does this mean the the
probe into potential Russian Russian
interference is widening what can you
tell us about that
I don't know if it's accurate to say
that it's widening but the affidavit
that's attached to this complaint does
indicate that that miss beautiness spoke
with mr. torsion on u.s. election day
that they talked about next steps they
talked about who the Secretary of State
might be and then she of course
encouraged him to come to the United
States and attend the National Prayer
Breakfast so there's clearly an ongoing
course of conduct and an effort by them
to influence US policy that continues
after the election of Donald Trump and
of course that was the objective of
their conspiracy all along to have her
involved in US politics in a way that
would let her advance Russia's interests
but there is a connection an indirect
connection at least as of now to the the
Trump campaign there is a man named Rick
Erickson he was part of the delegation
that was invited an NRA member part of
the delegation invited back to Russia
and he reportedly maintains close ties
with tortion and boo Tina Erickson
reached out to a senior member of the
Trump campaign Rick Dearborn saying that
that he was in a position a couple years
ago to slowly begin cultivating a back
channel to president Putin's Kremlin is
there a way where this could end up
connecting it absolutely could and I
think that that's bound to be the
speculation given the fact that the NRA
put a lot of money into the campaign
there's been some digging into that and
also in this affidavit we see miss
butene are reflecting on the fact that
the NRA is one of the biggest sponsors
in US elections so undoubtedly we will
have to keep an eye on whether this case
somehow merges in the middle with the
Moller investigation and whether perhaps
it becomes that actual linkage the
collusion between people in the Trump
campaign and the Russians themselves
with an effort to use funding or
something else to influence an election
it's I think premature to go that far
what we have it
point is an effort by an unregistered
Russian agent to influence foreign
policy but two unnamed US persons are
mentioned throughout this affidavit will
they be named at some point we don't
know it could be that when the US
attorney goes back to the grand jury
because I think it's likely that we
won't see this proceed to Thor in a
complaint there will be an indictment
substituted at some point in the near
future that could include other people
it could include torsion they could name
these two u.s. persons who would appear
to have at least some culpability
depending on what they knew perhaps
they're co-operators we'll have to wait
and see what the grand jury does very
interesting a lot more to come out of
this no doubt Joyce Vance Joyce thank
you very much hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
