all right Josh you broke the story for
NBC News about the Saudi government's
new plan to change their story please
fill listen well Stephanie we know that
a plant is being discussed by the Saudis
in part along with the u.s. to
essentially admit some type of
culpability in the death of mr. Koo
Shoji that of course means acknowledging
that this journalist Jamal Khashoggi is
dead and it's not alive having left the
consulate as the Saudis have been
claiming for the last two weeks now we
don't know exactly how the Saudis are
going to spin this but we know that as
Secretary of State Pompeo was flying to
Riyadh in the last 24 hours the US was
already aware that he was essentially
going there to have discussions about
how the Saudis were going to come out
and say okay what we had been saying
originally is not true you know we've
discovered that he actually was killed
but that there will be some type of
off-ramp that allows the Saudis to
essentially say that Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman and King Salman his
father were not culpable in this that
they did not order it that they were not
aware that this was happening and to
essentially blame this on lower-level
rogue operatives something happened it
went wrong but certainly the leadership
at the top had nothing to do with it now
whether that has any credibility whether
anyone in the United States is able to
accept that or other parts of the world
and whether that contradicts
intelligence that Turkey the United
States and other countries might already
have about the run-up to this incident
and how it's been handled in the last
couple weeks that remains to be seen
Stephanie all right David do you buy
this idea that the crown prince had no
knowledge of this kind of operation I
mean it sounds a bit like Tony Soprano
who knew nothing like yes he himself
might not have shot the gun but he
certainly ordered it no it's absurd the
facts that you outlined to private jets
coming from Saudi Arabia with members of
the Saudi Security Service going into a
Saudi consulate one of them
being forensic expert who came with a
bone saw it's very clear that this was
sanctioned it's very clear what the
purpose of this was and now what we're
in is a period where the Saudi
government apparently working with the
Trump administration is trying to come
up with the best story that they can
plausibly sell I think one of the things
that's really remarkable about this
given the weight of the evidence is that
the President of the United States seems
to be playing press secretary for the
king of Saudi Arabia it was the
president who offered up the rogue
agents theory of this thing even before
the Saudi started to float this idea
clearly that came from his discussion
with King Salman and you know you have
Mike Pompeo sitting there and these
cheery pictures despite the fact he only
got 15 minutes with the King and 30
minutes with Prince Mohammed bin Salman
that you know is trying to put a good
face on this thing I think that's
appalling you have the death of a u.s.
resident a journalist for the Washington
Post brutally murdered and you've got
the United States covering for it final
thing I'd say though and and and this is
with reference to your clip of Lindsey
Graham Marco Rubio has also come out
against this there is a growing
bipartisan consensus in both houses of
the United States Congress that what the
Saudis have done is crossed a red line
that the MBS is going to have to pay a
price the relationship with Saudi Arabia
is going to play a pay a price it is
going to be a long time recovering I
think because both parties are so
outraged by what has happened all right
congressman to David's point I want to
play what Marco Rubio said this morning
this is going to alter the relationship
between the United States and Saudi
Arabia for the foreseeable future what
those specific measures are obviously is
going to be up for debate but they'll be
strong and they'll be meaningful
Congress will act we'll see what the
administration does it sounds to me like
in the end of the day they will also
follow suit sounds good so did Lindsey
Graham do you believe this
I don't I want to see action sometimes
in politics you know you have a moral
dilemma staring you straight in the face
and this is one of those this is not the
first u.s. ally to kill somebody this is
not the first time an American president
has practiced real politic but there are
times in life and in politics where a
moral dilemma is right in front of you
and you have to choose and Congress is
going to have to do this because the
president will not and those guys talk a
good game but when when has Marco Rubio
or Lindsey Graham ever ever stood up to
this president on a moral issue and said
no more and they are out of session and
we are not back till after the election
if you want an argument for changing
control of Congress that's one because
you need real oversight and you need
real independence and the article 1
branch out and do something if the
president is going to take a dive for
these killers in Saudi Arabia maybe
what's your take here because we know
that the president has close ties with
Saudi Arabia Jared Kushner does I mean
you can look at video back in the day
the president going I really like those
guys buying apartments for 30 million 40
million dollars and it's the president
leading this narrative could be rogue
killers oh I know I look I think that
what what you've said is correct if you
look at how much he and his son-in-law
invested in this relationship combined
with a heavyweight asteroids actually
with him right and then the business
current and past that has helped the
Trump Organization at times when they
were really really in a cash jam it's
obvious that the president has actually
made it perfectly clear to us that he
intends to continue to honor that
relationship and not let American values
get in the way and he basically
explained that in his interview in 60
minutes the other night that when it
comes to Chairman Kim and President
Putin in the Saudi royal family he's not
gonna let all these processes and our
systems and our values get in the way
it's really that he has a goal in mind
and it's all transactional he's taken
sanctions off the table he's taken any
leverage from an arms deal off the table
he's basically said I'll find another
way to deal with it but I believe them
the thing is the congressman is right
the question really is not now
Lindsey Graham is clearly going on Fox
to speak directly to President Trump
because he's getting no hearing with him
about what a bad guy the crown prince is
he and Jared are not listening to
Lindsey Graham and so Lindsey Graham is
going
the Fox audience to say this is a bad
guy and he's embarrassed me and the
president for sticking up for them all
this time and he has to go that's very
bold it shows that he's desperate to
break through but they're gonna have to
follow up in Congress I was heartened to
see senator Todd young of Indiana who
I've never seen come on TV since he was
elected in 2016 come out last night and
say sanctions need to be on the table
minuchin cannot go to the investor
conference and we need to consider
canceling the weapons deal but they
gonna have to match that with action do
you feel bad in terms of political
leadership when you've got CEOs across
the board
take your pick whether it's Goldman
Sachs JP Morgan Rothschild of Viacom not
going to what Saudi Arabia likes to call
the Davos of the Middle East and Steve
Newton is still potentially going yes
that's that's tearing our moral
leadership corporate CEOs bankers
nonetheless well good for them and I'll
tell you what they deserve credit for
that but but it's not a substitute for
the United States government taking a
stand and there are easy steps here we
should take absolutely Minuten should
not be going to that conference we
should ground the relationship the way
you would after a plane crash until you
know what's going on we should suspend
the arms sales by the way we should be
asking very tough questions about what
the Saudis are doing with our arms in
Yemen at least this whole relationship
needs to be re-examined and we should
not we should not maybe Saudi Arabia is
too big to fail but MBS is not and we
should take very seriously what what our
long-term interests here are with this
particular crown prince and his actions
because we own this and there this
cannot just be one more moral issue we
blow by a man is dead and and and the
explanation they're getting ready to
float out is just doesn't doesn't pass
the smell test
why the bonesaw where is the body
produced these 15 individuals who flew
to Turkey influences I normally saw and
an autopsy specialist David moments ago
the president tweeted I have no
financial interest in Saudi Arabia or
Russia for that matter if the
president's watching I want to clear
something up I never said you
had financial interest in either of
those places I don't believe you've
invested in either of them the question
is do they have a financial interest in
you David the Washington Post says the
president is over valuing our
relationship with Saudi Arabia we don't
need them as much as he puts out there
well that's absolutely true Saudi Arabia
needs us much more than we need them
they need us with regard to their
tensions with Iran they need us with
regard to their oil markets they need us
in a whole host of ways they're much
smaller economy they're much less
influential and they've been playing
this like they've got the strong hand I
think that goes back to your point I
think the Saudis have a lot of economic
ties with Trump with Trump's company
with Jared Kushner's company just as the
Russians do I think that clearly
influences him he has said as much on
national television as you pointed out
with regard to the the apartments he
likes that they buy and and so forth the
ties are long-standing and the president
the United States is essentially saying
look the support of the white house is
for sale or rent come if you've got a
tie I will support you I don't care
about morality
I think the congressman has it right on
the nose I think this is a time for the
Congress to stand up and and make a
stand because I don't think the white
house is going to lead the way on this
thing because the president is
compromised he's clearly compromised he
has taken the Saudi line on this and
it's insupportable I mean this is a
really horrific case there are other
horrific cases associated with this
Saudi regime and something has got to
give because the United States has no
place backing a regime that behaves in
the way these guys have done hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
