just hours from now president Trump and
President Putin are set to meet things
were always going to be a little awkward
to begin with and then came the
indictments of a dozen Russians laid out
in forensic detail it leaves a lot of
questions like whether holding those
accountable will come up in their
conversation the Russians who were
indicted would you ask Putin to just
send them here well I might I hadn't
thought of that but I certainly I'll be
asking about it but again this was
during the Obama administration
presented with all of this new
information there's also the question of
how hard the president will press
Vladimir Putin on his government's role
I know you'll Hasker will we be talking
about meddling and I will absolutely
bring that up I don't think you'll have
any G I did it I did it you got me there
won't be a Perry Mason here I don't
think but you never know what happens
right Jonathan Swan of Axios citing
multiple sources close to Trump reports
that if and when Trump confronts Putin
tomorrow it won't be with any genuine
seriousness or enthusiasm the president
reportedly no longer doubts the
intelligence assessment quote he just
can't get past a senior administration
official told Axios his voice trailing
off quote that it's about his election
all of this while the president casually
recasts who's a friend and who's a foe
what's your biggest competitor the
biggest foe globally right now well I
think we have a lot of foes I think the
European Union is a foe what they do to
us in trade and now you wouldn't think
of the European Union but they're a foe
Russia's a foe in certain respects
China's a foe of economically certainly
they're a foe but that doesn't mean
they're bad it doesn't mean anything it
means that they're competitors they want
to do well and we want to do well I want
to welcome in my panel former chief of
staff at both the CIA and the Department
of Defense and also an MSNBC national
security analyst Jeremy bash politics
reporter for The Daily Beast and MSNBC
contributor Betsy Woodruff the man who
puts memo in Mellie NBC News national
political reporter Mike family joining
Londyn global politics fellow at the
London School of Economics and
Washington Post columnist Bryan class
and from Helsinki Finland NBC News chief
foreign affairs correspondent and the
host of Andrea Mitchell reports on MSNBC
Andrea Mitchell Andrea it's such an
honor to have you here thank you so much
for staying up so late with us you've
watched so many of these meetings dozens
of these types of meetings over the
years with foreign leaders and this one
seems like I suppose everything this
president does stunning in a way that is
extraordinarily difficult to kind of
understand and explain what's your
latest reporting going into this summit
and can you put it in some historical
context I mean what do you think is
important here and different than what
you've seen before sure I think this is
unique because we've never had a summit
with a KGB spymaster someone who has you
know completely studied and examined
Donald Trump and a president who spent
the weekend golfing and has not been
preparing there were no principal
meetings no planning for this summit no
deeply you know organized strategy
sessions what is the agenda what are the
goals would they want to get out of it
so we could be surprised they could come
out and say that we've made progress on
nuclear weapons that we're going to
revive expand extend the start
nuclear weapons agreement which expires
after 2022 but will Donald Trump
confront Putin on the fact that he's
already busted out of one medium-range
the INF treaty by deploying a banned
missile unlikely he doesn't know those
kind of details he hasn't been with his
his advisors we've seen him all over the
lot as he Criss crosses Europe the last
week and it's really startling that he's
going to be meeting one-on-one we're not
going to have a record of this
one-on-one meeting and that is alarming
to a lot of former advisors in both
political parties who have worked so
closely to plan a summit like this this
is even less planned and more impromptu
than Singapore was and that's
a lot Andrea I mean this is somebody
vitamin potent has a history of being as
you point out you know the former KGB
official who does things to either
flatter and try to embrace his host in a
way that puts them off guard as he did
with george w bush or tries to unsettle
them as he did with angela merkel at
times do we have any indication that
that's kind of where Vlad amir Putin
might be going with this and the last
time that they did talk there seems to
be some agreement on how to handle
issues in Syria that then quite frankly
Putin walked away from it seems like the
policy stakes could be very high well
there are a lot of issues there
especially with Syria because the
administration is planning really
ramping up its very aggressive posture
on both sanctions and other activities
against Iran
they are keying to some big decisions on
Iran coming
and they've already as we reported over
the weekend told the top three European
allies who were very concerned about the
Iran nuclear deal about our withdrawal
from the nuclear deal but there will be
no waivers no exceptions that they are
going to their companies are going to
have to get out of Tehran or risk not
doing business with the United States
which is not a lot of choice for them
they have to be able to trade in dollars
deal with American banks so they have to
get out of around this is going to
squeeze around there are other steps
that are being taken on the energy front
to compensate for what maybe it will be
a drop in Iranian oil exports if these
other major European companies France
Britain and Germany have to pull out so
there's a lot there and this
conversation about Syria where Vladimir
Putin has been working with Iran gets
really complicated on the ground is this
a way of the u.s. backing out of Syria
abandoning the rebels saying we're doing
it because of Iran to somehow working
with Putin but not to not to undercut
Assad to continue propping up his client
Bashar al-assad so there's that but
primarily on the mother front every
signal from everything the president has
said in the last days months but
particularly since the indictment is to
blame the victim blame the Democrats for
not defending themselves better blame
Obama saying it happened on his watch
out of context and give Putin and the
Kremlin a free ride Jeremy bash to
Andrea's point on that how do you think
these two things interact what you
learned in the Muller investigation
obviously you know we're the president
knew that this was gonna happen going
into it he's going forward anyway well
first on the summit that we're gonna
hear it see see unfold here in the next
ten hours this is the most significant
shift in American foreign policy in the
post-world War two ERA I don't think we
should under play that first on the
economic front Casey we are reordering
our trade relationships around the world
preferring more unilateral and in some
cases bilateral trading opportunities
and and kind of ending the multilateral
trading regime but more fundamentally on
the political front undermining the NATO
ally alliance undermining our historic
alliances including with the UK and
really embracing Russia this is a
fundamental shift so then we have of
course these indictments that show
definitively that Russian government
officials comprehensively not just
meddled in the election but actually
launched a very sophisticated attack
against the United States and yes it did
occur during the Obama administration
the Trump campaign happened during the
Obama administration but it is very
clear and I think you see this from the
president's own words leading up to the
summit he doesn't take this seriously he
doesn't accept the intelligence and he
will not in any way confront Putin about
it when you learned about this and
forgive me for putting you on the spot
here but should the Obama administration
have done more about this considering
what they knew I mean they wanted to go
public they stepped back because Mitch
McConnell wouldn't go along yeah
absolutely I think what was going on was
the president thought hey Hillary's
gonna win this isn't gonna matter and so
let's not get involved lest she win and
then we'd be accused of being involved
in the election I think that's exactly
what happened but in hindsight of course
the United States should have done a lot
more yeah there is tonight this from the
New York Times saying quote the same
Russian military intelligence service
now accused of disrupting the 2016
presidential election in America may
also be responsible for the nerve agent
attack in
Britain against a former Russian spy an
audacious poisoning that led to a
geopolitical confrontation this spring
between Moscow and the West quote
British investigators believe the March
fourth attack on the former spies Sergey
scruple and his daughter Yulia was most
probably carried out by current or
former agents of the service known as
the GRU who were sent to his home in
southern England according to one
British official one American official
and one former American official with
familiar with the inquiry all speaking
on condition of anonymity to discuss
intelligence we need to note that NBC
News has not independently verified at
the Times reporting as this is all just
coming to us but Betsy Woodruff pretty
remarkable especially considering the
president just leaving the UK after
having been there and this is a very
physical manifestation of a frankly
sweeping intelligence power that is
systematically trying to undermine
democracies across the globe that's
right and the important context for this
is that none of this stuff happens
without Vladimir Putin knowing about it
hoon is incredibly close with the
country's intelligence services he's
deeply involved in all these different
matters it's almost unthinkable that
there would have been an operation like
the one alleged to have happened against
the Skrulls without Putin knowing about
it it's unthinkable that the 2016
election meddling would have happened
without Putin thinking about it so the
question that raises is to what extent
does Trump and the rest of the Trump
administration actually try to put Putin
on the spot and I don't think anyone's
waiting with bated breath to see that
happen but this kind of reporting really
pushes it even more to the forefront and
makes it more urgent Brian clasp what's
the what's the view from London look
like this is a story that you know you
guys have been covering pretty closely
is there a surprise and and and what is
kind of the orientation and the feeling
are you exhausted having experienced a
little bit of what we hear in who US
experience every day having had the
president visit the UK was remarkable
visits Donald Trump is politically toxic
in the UK he has an 11 percent approval
rating and that was before this
bombshell Sun interview where he
effectively tried to push Teresa mais
government off a cliff where she is
already very close to the edge and so I
think there was astonishment
bewilderment
you know publicly they tried to sort of
salvage the trip and make nice for the
but there's a lot of anger in the
British establishment towards Trump and
this comes at the tail end of a visit in
which Trump trash Nadeau Trump trashed
the EU and then Trump trashed Britain
and those are all three things that
Vladimir Putin very much wants to happen
so you know for the last two decades
he's been looking to drive a wedge into
the core of the West and Donald Trump
has done this for him something the
Soviet Union couldn't accomplish
something Putin couldn't accomplish now
Trump is accomplishing it for him
heading into Helsinki and so the British
government I think like many Americans
is looking at this with trepidation and
what and waiting to see what will come
out of it and not too optimistic on the
eve of the president's meeting with
Vladimir Putin members of the Trump
administration and the President himself
have sought to downplay expectations it
isn't a summit I've heard it called a
summit this is a meeting the Russians
have agreed that it will be basically
unstructured we're not looking for
concrete deliverables here no state
dinner no joint statement no deliver a
little that are gonna be prepackaged
you don't know what's gonna come out of
this meeting I don't expect you anything
I frankly don't expect I go with very
low expectations I think that getting
along with Russia is a good thing but as
possible we want you heard ambassador
John Huntsman they're insisting that
tomorrow's meeting is not a quote summit
but that didn't stop the president from
sending out these tweets just hours
later saying no matter how well he does
at the summit the media won't give him
any credit Andrea Mitchell what are your
expectations inside this frame for this
meeting well I think that they will come
out and try to make some announcements
perhaps on arms control but we're all
inevitably going to be focused on those
indictments on how he addresses it it's
a joint news conference there'll be at
least a few questions on either side he
can try to call on friendlier reporters
I'm really struck by the fact that going
into this he again used the phrase on
Twitter that the press are enemies of
the people that is a Stalin is phrase
and it goes against everything that the
State Department under both Republicans
and Democrats have done for decades to
project America's belief in a Free Press
America's belief in the First Amendment
as American secretaries of state and
presidents go to Moscow or Beijing or
now in Iran's turkey to any of these
totalitarian regimes they go in hold
press conferences least the new
Secretary of State Pompeo D is Rex
Tillerson did not as a regular matter
but emphasizing the importance of a free
press and for him to use that phrase
right out of Joseph Stalin's book on the
eve of a summit with Vladimir Putin is
so deeply offensive to American values
it's a it's quite remarkable and my
crema Li to Andrea's point I mean this
is going to be something of a stunning
display I mean usually there has been
this rule that you don't criticize the
American president when he goes abroad
but also American presidents have a
history of defending their own free
press and you I know if I've also
covered very carefully this Russia
investigation I and have read through
these indictments what did you see in
there that you think we should be paying
attention to tomorrow okay see I'm going
to send you back to your 2012 Romney
Rambler days because there was this
moment that Republicans are fond of
bringing up in 2012 of when of course
Obama on the hot mic was heard talking
with President Medvedev at the time
about I'll have more flexibility fa
election and Romney really pounced on
that moment he said this is not a moment
for the American president to be holding
his punches with the Russian president
and I think what we're seeing here is
exactly that it's really remarkable that
he's very dispassionately speaking about
this summit there's not much he's
expecting out of it
downplaying his expectations you know
who's gonna be ready who's been
preparing for this he may have been
basking in the spotlight today at the
World Cup but that's flattering
rebooting and this indictment from the
Moller team on Friday really carefully
lays out their capabilities and there's
a need for the American president to
respond to that forcefully to say that
this is unacceptable and what we heard
from from the president today doesn't
indicate he's ready to deliver that
message it does seem like a remarkable
signal honestly but the the detail
Jeremy bash there was in the indictment
it seemed to almost as though they
intended to tell Vladimir Putin hey look
this is how much we know about what
you've been doing yeah it showed the
depth of intelligence collection about
Russian cyberattacks against the United
States but look the administration here
is kind of describing
says the Seinfeld summit there's
something about nothing and I think the
reason they're like that's happening is
because they have no idea Jon Huntsman
the Ambassador John Bolton the national
story visor have no idea why we are
having this summit Trump hasn't told
them they haven't prepared it's a secret
meeting so one-on-one meeting this is
not a summit that's gonna have
deliverables there may be some vague
statements I take Andria's points but
they're gonna be totally amorphous and
unenforceable all we are gonna know is
that Trump is gonna walk out and declare
victory declare some important objective
has been achieved but we will never know
and in fact the administration itself
has it no idea what it wants to get out
of this Betsy would refer mean is that
essentially is that essentially all this
is is this another media show and we've
we've seen the reports in the wake of
Singapore for example that that
President Trump said oh hey look there
were more cameras here than there were
at the Oscars for example is that is
that all the bear that is here I think
there's no question that that's a
central priority for the White House
going into this summit that the media
coverage and sort of the everything
attendant to the summit is just as
significant as what happens in that
conversation and I think that's part of
the reason that the molar indictments
are such an important preface to this
event in fact it's very much by design
that those indictments were laid out to
specifically detail at sort of the
granular level how much we know about
Russian hacking in counter espionage
investigations one of the most important
deterrent steps that investigators can
take is called attribution it's when you
show here's how we figured out what
happened this is what we know and that's
designed in an ideal world to deter
future attacks future hacks future
meddling so on the one hand you have
Muller and his team taking a shot across
the bow with the Russian saying we can
name names
we've got individuals we can zero in on
who the alleged bad guys are and at the
same time you have Trump gearing up for
this summit about nothing acting like
it's not important at all in the
contrast couldn't be sharper hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
