ahead of president Trump's meeting with
Vladimir Putin a longtime adversary of
the Russian strongman is offering up
some free advice bill Browder was one of
the driving forces behind US sanctions
on the run Russia known as the Magnitsky
Act put in place after his former lawyer
Sergei Magnitsky uncovered a 230 million
dollar fraud involving Russian officials
Magnitsky ultimately died in a Russian
prison after his arrest Browder's advice
for President Trump do not engage Putin
at all in a new op-ed for time he writes
quote he will lie to you flatter you
trick you and betray you
Browder has also just filed a lawsuit
against Denmark's danske bank accusing
it of being central to the fraud scheme
uncovered by Magnitsky bill Browder
joins us now to talk more about this
bill thank you so much for being here I
really appreciate it your advice your
list of advice to Putin in this in this
column was rather stark and I'm hoping
you can walk us through it because the
last one on your list that you put on
Twitter is that for Putin money is
greater than human life well so first of
all let's just start out with with the
whole arrangement as it as it is right
now we have a country Russia which has
an economy the size of the state of New
York they have a military budget which
is ninety percent less than the United
States and and and we have a leader of
this country Vladimir Putin who is
effectively a war criminal bombing
innocent women and children in Syria
taking over large parts of Ukraine and
he absolutely doesn't deserve to sit at
the same table as the most important
person in the free world just having
this summit isn't as an unbelievable
gift to Vladimir Putin that he
absolutely doesn't deserve and he
shouldn't be having and so as a first
place
this summit shouldn't be happening it's
it's ill-advised
and Putin is the big winner before it
even starts what do you know about about
Vladimir Putin that could help explain
or take us potentially behind the scenes
of what that room will be like we know
they're gonna meet one-on-one highly
unusual no other officials no
translators what kind of advantage does
give Putin well so so Putin is is a guy
who's very clever he's been trained in
KGB tactics he was a KGB agent a head of
the KGB and and he looks for each
individual's aspirations and weaknesses
and then capitalizes on them and I
should point out that um the last two
presidents that met with Vladimir Putin
both thought that they could do business
with Vladimir Putin first george w bush
met with him in slovenia in 2001 and
looked into his eyes and saw his soul
and the next several dozen meetings
turned out to be a complete disaster and
then president obama had this idea of
doing a reset with Russia which turned
into an even bigger disaster and so all
these individuals who go there who had
head of the United States think that
they can use their personal charm to
somehow tame Putin and and Putin just
laughs he just thinks ok I I can get a
whole bunch of freebies before before
everyone starts getting mad at me and
nothing good is gonna come out of this
out of this meeting Putin doesn't
deserve this meeting and it shouldn't be
happening
you have a pretty intricate
understanding of the finances that kind
of financial ties well how money is
important to Vladimir Putin one of our
earlier in the show Natasha Bertrand was
raising this question of you know what
is it that that might make the President
of the United States feel as though he
needs to solicit Vladimir Putin is there
some sort of financial time and is that
possible based on president's previous
business dealings or what are you most
interested on that front well I mean
everybody's interested in knowing the
answer was there collusion or wasn't
there collusion I don't think any of us
have the capacity to predict that
there's one person who does which is who
is Robert Muller and he has the capacity
to to wiretap to subpoena to prosecute
to get turn witnesses and he will come
up with with answers to that question
it's remarkable the the indictment that
he that he issued on Friday that the
level of detail the the the inboxes of
emails the web addresses and who they
belong to the Bitcoin the whole thing he
has the capacity to have to get to the
bottom of this and he will is there or
is there
not collusion I I don't think that that
I can speculate and I don't think anyone
can speculate because we don't have the
information it is odd that President
Trump is is being so kindly towards
Vladimir Putin but at the same time his
administration has actually been quite
tough on Putin and his cronies say the
the Trump administration while Trump is
tweeting all these nice things about
Vladimir Putin his his Treasury
secretary is sanctioning some of the
biggest oligarchs and and anybody who
knows what's going on in Russia
understands that's absolutely like a
neutron bomb so it's a very confusing
situation as to who's doing what why
they're doing it and what it all means
I'm most comfortable whether sanctions
get lifted and those sanctions will
won't be lifted because Congress are the
people I know in Congress aren't gonna
lift them yes I would agree with that
the people I know in Congress probably
would not either Rick Stangl I couldn't
get you to weigh in here on that that
the point that bill was making about the
disconnect between our government's
policies and the way the president talks
about Putin yes I just want to say
though bill bradder has been a real hero
in his combat against Vladimir Putin he
in under unimaginable pressure from the
Russians and I would just commend him
and and in that same vein I mean the
make NICs Teac which which grew out of
bill's trials there is something that
Putin hates I mean Putin desperately
doesn't want to have the oligarchs to be
sanctioned Russia is an oligarchy and
his power comes to the people that he
helps financially and and yes I mean did
you get back to your question Casey the
government speaks with two sides I mean
Putin is always praising I mean Trump is
always praising Putin but but the
government is continuing those sanctions
what we have to watch out for in
Helsinki is President Trump saying that
he will relax those sanctions that is
one of the goals that Vladimir Putin has
Natasha Bertrand chances of that
happening of the president offering to
relax sanctions he certainly hasn't
ruled it out just like he hasn't ruled
the possibility of recognizing Crimea as
a part of Russia because so many Crimean
speak Russian I mean this is we have no
idea what the president has put on the
table at the summit and that is part of
the problem of course is that he's going
to meet one-on-one with Putin and we
don't know what the agenda is we don't
even know what the president Syria
policy is because he would not elaborate
on virtually anything when he was asked
about it during a press conference last
week so just be given his stance on what
we seen in the past just you know in
terms of Crimea and lifting the
sanctions and you know the idea that
Crimea already belongs to Russia anyway
I would not be surprised in the least
natasha bertrand bill Browder Rick
Stengel thanks to all three of you
really appreciate it hey hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
