Victini
is it possible to assign my waterboard
trick that's the first that's first time
I've ever signed a waterboard comedian
Sacha Baron Cohen who you may remember
as Borat Bruno or Ali G is back with a
new show on Showtime titled who is
America the show premiered on demand at
midnight it got plenty of press this
week when several politicians put out
statements condemning Cohen for tricking
them into what we can only imagine are
unflattering interviews including former
Republican vice-presidential candidate
Sarah Palin failed Alabama Senate
candidate an accused pursuer of teen
girls Roy Moore and formally convicted
recently pardoned sheriff joe arpaio
john fools back with me this is pretty
incredible that they were they were
fooled by Ali he wasn't being out he
wasn't le chien these are all new
characters he's doing so let me play a
little clip from it and this is one
where the Sacha Baron Cohen character is
creating a new program called the
kindergardens
a program to train preschoolers to fire
guns at schools shooters and to sitting
congressmen endorsed it
here they are dana rohrabacher and Joe
Wilson both tape endorsements for the
kindergardens
maybe having young people trained and
understand how to defend themselves in
their school might actually make us
safer here a three-year-old cannot
defend itself from a assault rifle by
throwing a Hello Kitty pencil case of it
our founding fathers did not put an age
limit on the Second Amendment it's an
outrage how dare Sacha Baron Cohen get
these people to reveal their actual
feelings with their actual words
disgrace yeah I mean but the people are
angry that they fold them but I don't
understand how an adult could be fooled
into saying a three-year-old shouldn't
throw a Hello Kitty pencil at a school
shooter our founding fathers envisioned
the three-year-old shooting back you
don't know Joe Wilson you lie joy you
lie obviously a very talented
shape-shifting comedian
a satirist and so do you there was a
critique of the show that said that it
that it exposes America's divisions in a
way that's unflattering for the country
and therefore it also exposes the
hypocrisy of liberals who don't mind
seeing Sacha Baron Cohen trick
Republicans but get upset about the what
is it's worse she wouldn't wreck when
the right tries to do yeah that's
rubbish she goes after Bernie Sanders
and Howard Dean are on this show as well
and this is nothing new for Sasha Baron
Cohen not so much the Ali G show but
both Borat and Bruno were all about the
alt right before we called it the L
tripe right where if those two films
expose the ignorance and meanness of
that slice of the population he's doing
nothing new this is actually what we
need right now in America Billy Wilder
said if you're gonna tell the truth make
it funny or they'll kill you and what
he's doing is using wit which along with
non-violence are the only things that
work against crypto-fascist and I can
understand why Roy Moore would be upset
but Roy Moore's got a history of hiding
his own identity doesn't he I would say
yes and cause Baron Cohen has actually
interviewed Donald Trump as Ali G so he
did that I think it was like a dozen
years ago twelve years ago let's play
that how long has that been businesses
well business started from the day one
from early in the in the world and what
was they doing business in back in the
day many many many years ago hundreds of
millions of years ago people were doing
business and they were trading in rocks
and stones and other things
who would want to buy rocks I don't know
man you gotta figure to ask them that
you know what there's a thing John where
Republicans control the politics of this
country but they but but liberals
control the culture yes and there is a
coveting of that control that they're
saying we have everything else but we
want the culture back is that why it's
easy to get a Donald Trump to give in
and do this because they so want to be a
part of the culture well in fairness
that's before Donald Trump was a
politician before he was even a
Republican I think and to Trump's credit
and oh it's exhilarating to say that
phrase he figured it out and left about
seven minutes in yeah but that was back
when Ali G show was just a funny show
not really much of social commentary
this show is a very important show and
again he goes after both sides in it you
know you're right there's not a lot of
say conserve it
of comedy there's a lot of great
conservative comics but conservative
comedy doesn't work in large doses
because essentially what you're doing is
defending the status quo right you're
punching down progressive comedy and
it's how it's always been is always
going after those in power those
protecting the most powerful again it's
very Christian to me you're standing up
for the least of us and punching up
towards the most powerful but do
liberals err in thinking that control of
the culture and winning the culture war
is enough and do liberal then ignore the
idea of also having power because we're
conservatives donut yeah you're right
liberals err and thinking that making
fun of rubes is more important than
getting people out to vote you're not
going to be able to sway the Trump
voters but I think Stacey Abrams has
proved in in Georgia that the strategy
is not going to be try to get these
people out of the matrix yeah I mean
they were suckered by Bush Cheney we
warned them they hated us it's the same
thing being repeated now it's gonna hurt
them the most and we're fighting for the
people who hate us right now it's gonna
be a question of inspiring people to go
out and vote and this sort of thing by
highlighting ignorance and meanness I'd
like to think will inspire people to get
out there because that's the Batman
Gandhi MLK no one's gonna save us he has
got to be us in November John focusing a
great comedian in your own right thank
you for being here we're sort of seeing
you back here more and more amber next
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
