if you are a young woman in America or
you care about a young woman in America
pay attention to this because it will
forever change your life we cannot go
back to a time when women are made
criminals for making a choice about what
to do with their own bodies I look
forward to standing with my colleagues
and all Americans in which will what
will be the most important fight of our
lifetimes there will be no greater Brett
Kavanaugh Supreme Court nomination has
Democrats sounding more and more like
presidential candidates lucky for them
three of the Dems most likely 2020
contenders happen to sit on the Senate
Judiciary Committee the committee that
will question Cavanaugh giving them a
major national platform at a key
political moment back with me Jason
Johnson and joining the panel John
Fugelsang host of tell me everything on
Sirius XM Jess McIntosh former campaign
adviser to Hillary Clinton and Maya
rocky more president and CEO of global
policy solutions thank you very much for
all being here I don't think I see John
full of things let me just come to you
first on this Jess this is an
opportunity yes
the this committee happens to be stocked
with a potential presidential candidates
on both you know both Republican and
Democrats what it what could a me club
which are Cory Booker and Connolly
Harris get out of this hearing well I
think it's it's an opportunity to
differentiate themselves as we start to
consider 2020 but I think most Democrats
are really kind of allergic about even
talking about 2020 we're not at 2018 yet
sure so I think they have to do it
carefully it's not a moment for
grandstanding it's a moment for really
smart incisive questioning of a
candidate that could swing the court so
much farther right than the country that
it seeks to serve that this is a
generational moment we all need to be
talking about and I think they have to
hit it on a couple of levels it is
important to talk about the substance to
people's lives which is where you're
talking about Roe an ACA it is also
important to talk about the process the
fact that we have a president who is
currently under investigation right for
colluding with a foreign adversary to
take the White House means that maybe
this nomination isn't quite as
legitimate as we would hope considering
it's a lifetime appointment I think I
think Democrats can handle both messages
I think voters can handle both messages
I know the media really likes to hear a
single thing
over and over
over again yeah but I think this is too
important to ignore one or the other
well janae Nelson who was on with us
yesterday from Andy and DeBlase via
legal defense one went started with that
she said arted with the question of
whether or not a president that's under
investigation should be able to simply
see very salient especially when the
stakes are this high I mean the two
messages are actually quite linked
absolutely if it didn't if it wasn't
going to dramatically change the lives
of 51% of America yeah maybe it wouldn't
matter so much that this could be a
little bit but it does and so we need to
be talking about the fact that Donald
Trump has no business putting anybody on
this course so Maya let me do a little
bit of counterpoint to one thing that
Jess said which is that Democrats are
reticent to talk about 2020 right now
they need to stay in the moment of 2018
you know it to me it seems it seems to
me that Barack Obama emerged in 2004 and
set himself up for 2008 does it concern
you just from a strategic point of view
that no single Democrat is standing out
and emerging ahead of 2020 no it doesn't
concern me because I think that we've
got plenty of time but also this is an
opportunity for people to position
themselves and so you know your original
question about what the judiciary
hearing is actually hold is this this is
a mass media platform that's going to
allow them to actually you know build a
base I mean when in a crowded primary
it's going to be important for them to
distinguish themselves and so these
judiciary members actually have an
opportunity to you know not only
solidify a base that they might have but
also expand the people who might vote
for them in a Democratic primary so you
know it's important to understand that
you know the democratic process has to
play out it's likely we're gonna have a
crowded primary but it's important that
these people have visibility and this is
going to be a prime opportunity for them
to actually connect with the American
people well let me let me play a couple
of highlights a little bit of the
highlight reel from some of these
candidates and Jason I'm gonna first
play for you Kamala Harris which was
probably her kind of big highlight for a
lot of people with her grilling of Jeff
Sessions during his confirmation hearing
take a listen sir I'm sure you prepared
for this hearing today and most of the
questions that have been presented to
you were predictable so my question to
you is did you then review with the
lawyers of your department if you as the
top Lloyd
unaware what the law is regarding what
you can share with us and what you
cannot share with us what is privileged
and what is not privileged we discussed
the basic parameters of testimony will
you make a commitment to this committee
that you will share any written
correspondence be they your calendars
records notes emails or anything that
has been reduced at any point in time in
writing to this committee where legally
you actually have an obligation to do so
so Jason he apparently immersed kind of
shaken from that questioning that Kamala
the Kamala Harris that Democrats are
gonna want to see oh oh definitely yeah
Jeff was shook and now that was highly
entertaining to watch it was like it was
like if Maxine Waters had gotten asked
him questions basically and look there
are lots of people who are part of I've
said the Kay hive who love them some
Kamala Harris we have to slow our roll
on this because the most important thing
that I think the Democrats have to
realize that whether ads kobish or
whether that's cory booker it's whether
it's Kamala Harris is if they can in
some shape way or form delay or possibly
stop this nomination or if somebody can
find some reason that Cavanaugh pulls
out they will transport themselves into
being immediate contenders because look
Trump's eventually gonna get his Supreme
Court nominee right whoever it happens
to be but if these guys can somehow take
credit for slowing or stopping this
process they will all come out of
democratic hear us and that's what
Kamala Harris and that's what Cory
Booker really want they want to find a
way to delay or stop this process
because just making great speeches no
one's gonna remember that in two years
yeah when they're running for president
absolutely you mentioned Cory Booker so
let me let me play Cory Booker and get
Jess's take on him he was on politics
nation with revenue this morning
sounding a bit like another problem very
rather famous politician we might know
before gotta understand that this is all
coming about usually because of the
activism of Americans change happens in
this country change doesn't come from
Washington it comes to Washington just
doing sort of his best Obama helped more
mother I mean yeah I think everybody
should strive to be more Obama like that
would that would help just about any
candidate that wanted to do it yeah I
thought it was exciting that Cory Booker
put it back on the American people
because that honestly is where they're
our best hope right now Democrats can do
a few procedural things they can come
the works that can slow things down I
believe that they should do whatever is
possible yeah but the big influence
right here is gonna come from people
flooding the Senate phone lines it's
gonna come from people getting in the
streets I mean the reason why the
Obamacare repeal failed was because
American citizens literally broke the
switchboard yep we need them to do that
again
so it that's where we really have to
channel Obama because it's about
inspiring people to take that action
that's our best bet for stopping that's
a hope of delay is right in the American
people can let me play on for you Maya
Amy Klobuchar this is during the
confirmation hearings of Neil Gorsuch
and this is appealing to a very big
constituency that isn't consistent if
ethnically but is very important numbers
wise and that is women on the question
of the Supreme Court take a listen the
Constitution is no less protective of
the people's liberties now than it was
200 so when the Constitution refers like
30 sometimes to his or he when
describing the President of the United
States you would see that as well back
then they actually thought a woman could
be president even though women couldn't
vote senator I'm not looking to take us
back important to me I'm trying to okay
of course women can be President of the
United States okay and the father of two
daughters great Wow I was interesting
exchange my kid can this nomination
process help Democrats to win over more
women who aren't currently voting
democratic maybe mainly white women
because women of color are pretty much
all on one side of this out of the aisle
yeah what's the saying if men are
oppressed
it's a tragedy if women are oppressed is
tradition the fact of the matter is that
women understand that this is a visceral
viscerally they understand that this is
a battle for their future
that the Democratic and the Republican
Party actually wants to stand between
them and their doctors in terms of
making decisions about their own body
and so the Democratic Party has an
opportunity to win over masses of women
who understand that this is not just
health issue but it's an economic issue
for so many women out there and so with
Klobuchar making that kind of argument
certainly Kamala Harris I want to hear
more from Cory Booker in terms of how he
can connect to women I mean certainly
this is something that basically the
Democratic Party is a winning strategy
yeah absolutely they're gonna be on
display and we will see what how they
respond just adjacent gonna be sticking
around thank you very much to Maya rocky
more and coming up after praising
Vladimir Putin and Kim jong-un Donald
Trump listed a new enemy this morning
details coming up funny
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
