I want to caution you the people who
speculate about federal investigations
usually do not know all of the relevant
facts we do not try cases on television
or in congressional hearings most
anonymous leaks are not from the
government officials who are actually
conducting these investigations we
follow the rule of law which means that
we follow procedures and we reserve
judgment Deputy Attorney General rod
Rosenstein fired a not-so-veiled shot at
Republicans while announcing the
indictment of a dozen Russian
intelligence officers accused of an
attack on the 2016 election now
political reports house conservatives
are preparing to a plan to push Rosen
Stein out the report says that house
freedom caucus chairman Mark meadows had
the impeachment document get this on the
House floor at the very moment that
Rosenstein spoke and some conservatives
sources that say that some conservative
sources say they could file the
impeachment document as soon as tomorrow
back with me Natasha Barrett Ron staff
writer at the Atlantic also joining now
David Koren Washington bureau chief of
Mother Jones and Paul Butler law
professor at Georgetown thank you all
for being here David The Washington Post
is reporting that Robert Muller is
racing basically pushing to finish parts
of the Russia probe here's the quote
question of American involvement remains
as recently as this week molars team has
discussed interviewing more witnesses
and a sign that part of the program
Maine's very act of a person fleeing
with matter said so he's pushing to now
get to the Americans potentially in the
indictment and this comes as House
conservatives are prepping to try to
shove out rod Rosenstein also from
believe this is also know this one
political conservative sources that they
could file the impeachment as soon as
Monday so is there a race on now in your
reporting for Muller to finish
substantial parts of his probe before
potentially the boss gets fired
I don't think Muller lets other people
set his schedule I really don't I think
this is a long complicated investigation
there could be other business aspects to
this investigation there's a lot that
we've
that we didn't know about beforehand
Rosen Stein is right when he says you
know people who don't know don't know
and so I doubt this is putting pressure
and Muller to move quicker what it is
doing is showing that the house
conservatives mark Meadows Jim Jordan
anybody who seems to watch Fox News are
really living in an alternative bizarre
reality to them the most important thing
is a Pfizer surveillance warrant that
Peter Stroup struck might have been
involved with which I spend ten twelve
hours on it a hearing and not the fact
that Russia attacked the United States
not meddling it's an attack and it's
attack that Donald Trump as we've talked
about joy covered up he knew about it he
was told about it during the campaign
kept saying he didn't happen those are
the big picture items here and they're
just in there really lost in their own
little world and at some point the two
worlds will clash yeah absolutely let me
just play Peter Strock in front of that
joint hearing he was actually quite
vigorous in his defense of himself and
this is one of the things he said to
your very point David I have the utmost
respect for Congress's oversight role
but I strongly believe today's hearing
is just another victory notch in Putin's
belt and another milestone in our
enemies campaign to tear America apart
David and you're reporting to
Republicans understand that or do they
care about that I don't know if they
understand they certainly don't care
about it I mean even Rand Paul is on TV
this morning Senator Rand Paul saying
everyone does it who cares that the
Russians interfered I mean it's hard to
avoid the word treason I I tend towards
treachery yeah they've giving aid and
comfort to an enemy that attacked us and
that had an impact there's no mistake
about this they had an impact on the
election and Republicans really don't
seem to care and Natacha just the same
same thing in your reporting do
Republicans rank-and-file elected
Republicans care that Russia attacked
our election it really doesn't seem that
way I mean the only harsh statement that
we've seen so far has of course been
from Senator John McCain as usual John
McCain is the one pushing back against
Russia and saying the president should
prioritize this the revelation that 12
Russian intelligence
officers hacked the DNC hacked the
d-triple-c
and if he went in his meeting with Putin
and if he does not and if he doesn't
plan to and the meeting should be
canceled and of course you have you know
a ton of Democratic senators coming out
and saying this meeting should be
canceled it should not meet one-on-one
with Putin but in terms of Republicans
coming out McCain is virtually the only
one Ben Sasse came out with a statement
that you know criticized implicitly not
by name a criticized Trump essentially
for characterizing Putin as someone who
could be our friend yeah but as of right
now what we're seeing is this attack on
Peter stroke which was just a three-ring
circus that entire hearing and yeah very
personal attacks and you now I they are
preparing to impeach rod Rosenstein yeah
of course just announced the indictment
so it seems like they're doing
everything that they can to put the
brakes on this investigation because
they feel that the noose is tightening
and if it's tightening around the
president it's of course tightening
around the Republican Party because they
have been complicit in all of this and
allowing the president to kind of get
away with his his open arms approach to
Vladimir Putin in Russia it is strange
Paul that there is if not enthusiasm for
what happened because of the outcome was
favorable to what Republicans wanted at
least an indifference to it it is
bizarre but what you're seeing is one
republican named Rod Rosen's died who is
seems to be getting tired of being a
punching bag there's a piece in The
Washington Post it came up this week and
said I don't know if it's comfort but at
some point he made a decision rod Rosen
something he would stay within the
ethical bounds that he's in that he
wouldn't be a punching bag said James
trustee a former Justice Department
official who's friends with Rosenstein
you see a little steel in the spine
every now and then when he's just
decided I'm gonna keep doing it my way
in your view can an attempt to impeach
this man who is indicted the people who
attacked our election it gets remember
that he's indicted them and they want to
impeach him can that work can I think no
way joy the Republicans know there's a
lot more evidence to support the
impeachment of Donald J Trump than rod
Rosen Stein and right Rosenstein is
feeling himself so we saw the clap back
on Friday at that press conference it
reminded me of when President Obama said
there are no red states or blue states
just the United States Rock Rosenstein
said on Friday when the Russians are
attacking the United States there's no
Republicans or Democrats we're all
Americans and then he said President
Trump needs to understand in other words
you gonna learn today or at least this
weekend when you meet with Putin that
that man tried not to subvert our
democracy only because the indictment
reveals there was nothing bipartisan
about the Russian effort they went for
the Democrats to try to install Donald
Trump as president yeah and let me just
play that Dib just to the point that
Paul is just making this is rod Rosen
son on Friday and what Paul Butler
called the clap back let's listen we
follow the rule of law which means that
we follow procedures and we reserve
judgment we complete our investigations
and we evaluate all of the relevant
evidence before we reach any conclusion
that is how the American people expect
their Department of Justice to operate
and that is how our department is going
to operate very quickly before I come
back to our to reporters Paul Butler a
prosecutor in the position that rod
Rosen Stein is in can you just explain
to us as a former prosecutor yourself
how do they continue to operate with
this kind of political pressure where
essentially one political party has said
the investigation itself is a crime and
should stop no matter what it is that
he's uncovering how does the prosecutor
operate in that situation you know you
just do your job and you understand that
you have to submit to these
congressional hearings where again
Congress is fulfilling its oversight
role in a very bipartisan way they're
trying to protect the president so
unfortunately rot Rosen Stein is in a
position where he has to regard the
Congress is basically a supplement to
the president's defense team yes
extremely difficult position it's also
unprecedented I'm going to first attach
it and then David even in this
indictment that rod roses are issued it
talked about the fact that the Russians
also went after the RNC do Republicans
in your reporting have a sense do they
understand that as Marco Rubio said
during the campaign today the Russians
want to help Republicans tomorrow they
could want to attack Republicans do
Republicans understand that well I think
that all you have
to look at to answer that question is
the fact that you had a Republican
senator delegation go over to Moscow
during the week of the fourth of July on
the 4th of July on the 4th of July they
were actually there meeting with
high-level officials high-level Kremlin
officials why I mean we still don't
really know why was it a was it you know
to discuss the upcoming summit between
Trump and Putin was it I mean we really
don't understand why that that happened
was it to better relations between the
US and Russia I mean that's what these
weren't even members of the foreign
Armed Services Committee these weren't
members of the you know the Intelligence
Committee these were just senators who
decided to go over there and kind of
take matters into their own hands then
the question is whether or not they
understand that the Russians might have
compromising information on them right
of course they did hack into the RNC
maybe that is part of the reason why
they went over there I mean it's just
pure speculation at this point because
we just don't understand the rationale
and same thing with you David you've
been following Russia gate from the very
beginning as well do do the Russians
have a potentially leverage over the
Republican Party between what they did
with the NRA in terms of funneling money
what do Republicans believe do any
Republicans believe that Russians have
leverage on them as well again it's hard
to know how what Republicans are
thinking about is because they're not
acting in a highly rational manner
they're acting very transactionally very
situationally the way the Trump does
whatever it seems to work for them for
the moment to protect Trump because they
feel that's their interest we do know
that the Russians have the capability
and certainly have penetrated the
Republicans to some degree but I don't
know if that's why they're doing what
they're doing it just seems to me that
the Jim Jordans of the world Dana
Rohrabacher who's been very close to
Putin for a long time now have just
decided that they need to do whatever
they can to protect Donald Trump and his
own treachery and that's what's driving
them at the moment yeah their protect
Trump at all cost and the enemies are
rod Rosen Stein and Christopher's Denari
Natasha Barrett Ron David corn Paul
Butler thank you all appreciate it have
a great rest of your day and coming
- Thank You Donald Trump is about to
meet Latimer Putin face-to-face I'll
speak with a key Democratic senator on
why he wants that meeting cancelled
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
