they didn't criticize the Prime Minister
have a lot of respect for the Prime
Minister we record when we deal with
reporters it's called fake news and we
solve a lot of problems with the good
old recording instrument I call it the
rigged witch hunt I think that really
hurts our country and it really hurts
our relationship with Russia we do have
a a political problem where you know in
the United States we have the stupidity
going on pure stupidity but it makes it
very hard to do something with Russia
let me explain something we have left
NATO with more money with more unity
with more spirit than NATO probably has
ever had welcome back to am joy the
Donald Trump America has come to know
was front and center on the world stage
this week during his trip to Europe a
trip it wouldn't be complete without
Trump further alienating our allies and
cozying up to dictators all leading up
to Monday when Trump is scheduled to
meet with Vladimir Putin in Finland a
meeting multiple lawmakers are urging
the White House to cancel after 12
Russian intelligence agents were
indicted in molars Russia probe on
Friday and even though Trump knew about
those indictments before his trip he
still spoke in the now-familiar
solicitous Trumpy in terms about Putin
in a sense we're competitors not a
question a friend or enemy he's not my
enemy and hopefully someday maybe he'll
be a friend it could happen joining me
now is Tara Dowdell president of the
Tara Dalzell group Gwenda Blair Trump
biographer and author of the trumps
three generations of builders and a
president and David Cay Johnston
author of it's even worse than you think
all right let's start with you here at
the table Tara your overall impressions
of the Trump trip to Europe so far well
it's a typical Trump fashion
embarrassing people made a lot of we've
heard a lot about the protests in the UK
in London there's actually a major
protest going on all over Scotland as
well with where he is right now there he
has alienated Scotland actually prior to
him becoming president and so this
continues the First Minister there
Nicola Sturgeon he refuses to meet with
her because she's been a vocal critic of
him so her deputy
the minister is actually leading a
protest against Trump in Scotland a
Deputy Minister is leading a protest
against the American president while
Scotland yeah and then on top of it you
know Trump is you know doubling down on
the big lie so he's talking about and
he's doing it with repetition which is
how I know it's strategy he's tweeting
it he's saying in every every event he's
talking about the fact that he says that
the u.s. is contributing ninety percent
to NATO that number is actually 22
percent Frank he's also made this his
other big lie talking trying to take
credit so if he's not undermining Obama
he's taking credit for something Obama's
done and this time he's taking credit
for the increases in the NATO budget by
the NATO member nations that was
negotiated by the Obama administration
in 2014 right and and these are just
goals that were set that they're
Europeans reaffirm this week right he
didn't cause them to do it who end up
Blair and you know we have three of our
our Trump experts on this set today to
try to decode what's happening here
Donald Trump because it's not clear
sometimes and I asked probably goes
off-camera about it and I think I asked
him on camera as well whether what he
does is some sort of strategy or whether
it's just his heed and it's not
strategic he's just doing what is in his
mind to do because Donald Trump gave an
interview to the son it was recorded
recorded he denied that he said negative
things about Theresa May of course they
were recorded so they were then played
back for him but he also added and he
said this to the son you know a poll
just came out that I'm the most popular
person in the history of the Republican
Party beating Lincoln I beat our Honest
Abe I mean this the fact that there it
was a different opposing party and the
you know the number of people in the
United States and it was far different
than there are now and there were no
polls at the time so it's a statement
that makes no sense but he seems to be
you think he believes that that he's the
most popular Republican president in
history or he's just saying it for a
fact heads he heads I win tails you lose
that is how he works he's you know and
you don't get as many headlines if
you're a happily ever after God you get
headlines if you're a mix it up punch
somebody in the face kick him in the
shins contradict yourself say one thing
one day
another thing the next that's what
matters and what he's been saying on
this tour it's really interesting to
kind of parse it partly it's to his base
saying look I'm you know I'm you know
punching out all these no-good deadbeat
people in NATO and it's partly two
members of NATO saying I'm looking for
leverage you better give me something
it's all about leverage he's all about
what's in it we know where to find the
leverage who to push how to extract the
most being allies that's not in his
lexicon that's not in his muscle memory
his muscle memory is about what's in it
for me and David Kay Johnson there's
also the stuff that he said that's very
bana night they obviously have a lot of
agreement when it comes to things like
immigration here's what Donald Trump
said about immigration to Europe I think
the immigration allowing the immigration
to take place in Europe is a shame I
think it changed the fabric of Europe
and unless you act very quickly it's
never going to be what it was and I
don't mean that in a positive way
so I think allowing millions and
millions of people to come in to Europe
it's very very sad I think you're losing
your culture what do you make of that
David Kaye well if you needed a clear
statement that Donald's campaign is
really make America white again and if
you're not white you better know your
place there it is
Donald Trump is a stone flat-out racist
and always has been and of course there
been judicial proceedings that have
established this but those comments make
it crystal clear the kind of view he has
in the world and here he is over in
London where I am now behaving you know
like a bull at a Wedgwood shop and at
the same time doing things exactly the
way that the man he's about to meet with
Vladimir Putin would love him to do
break up the NATO alliance cause these
people start fighting among themselves
and I really gun too Gwenda it's very
much the case of - Donald it's all about
heads
I win tails you lose yeah and I wonder
Tara I mean you know as a black woman
who was on The Apprentice who knew
Donald Trump at the time I wonder if he
struck you that way then I went before
you answer that let me let them a plate
Steve Bannon talking about populism and
commenting on whether he believes Trump
is racist
President Trump is a look you've known
him for many decades this guy is not a
racist he's one of the you know most
loving guys I've ever met he's he's a
tough guy but he I've never seen him as
a racist and one thing I would say about
populism this kind of populist
nationalist movement you see throughout
Europe it is not racist who's right here
what do you make well asking a racist if
someone else racist I'm not sure how
that there's any credence that should be
given to Steve ban and of all people he
developed Trump's help to develop Trump
sawr and execute Trump's race a strategy
because it's one thing to be racist it's
another thing to have a racist strategy
right and so I do think that Donald
Trump I've always said this I think that
people think of racism as a zero-sum
game right they think they're only
racist if they're outside of your house
burning or cross on it right right and
so I think that a ro Donald Trump
there's you know while he had there are
black people who are in his life all
right
Omarosa crazy black people but he has
left people his life but while he does
have had that at the same time he thinks
that that makes him not a racist right
and my treatment on the apprentice
remember I was someone who was coming
from government and I was coming from
senior positions in government and so as
I've always said Donald Trump is
strategic so the way he treated me he
treated me well because I could do
something for him might be helpful to
him and also I think he believes that
people like me and people like Omarosa
who is very smart yeah that we are
exceptional that Randall Pinkett is
exceptional he does not believe all
black people are gifted in the same way
that he makes these exceptions so I
think that's an important distinction to
note and that's actually very common
amongst a lot of white Americans that is
not his view is not a standalone view
which are why he was able to tap into
that with so many with so many white
Americans and why his support
overwhelmingly
yeah from white American and you know
the other thing went about his biography
that seems to come up over and over and
over when we talk to you guys or our
trumpets were as we talked to Tim
O'Brien we talked to Tony Schwartz is
this sort of need for approval and want
to be liked and stay and really seem to
need that desperately here is Donald
Trump talking about not feeling welcome
in London
I used to love London is the city I
haven't been there in a long time
I think your mayor has done a terrible
job but when they make you feel
unwelcome
why would I say there now I was and when
I say that I'm talking about government
because the people of the UK the
protests were so huge so overwhelming it
is hard for me to believe that Donald
Trump really thinks the people of London
agree with him but do you think that he
really deep down thinks those protests
were did you think they were fake I mean
what it is extraordinary to me to make -
for him to say he feels unwelcome but
it's only the government that made him
feel unwelcome well I think you what I
think he is unwelcome
I think that's but but why does he think
the people of London agree of a Great
Britain agree with him because he can't
accept the idea that he's anything
except successful that he's anything
except the best the best of the best he
got that drilled into him early on his
family was very influenced by Norman
Vincent Peale and the power of positive
thinking he is the power of positive
thinking squared or possibly even cubed
he can't take in the idea that he's
anything but successful if there's a
problem it's someone else's fault here's
the blame shifter in chief and you know
David Cade there's there's this video of
Donald Trump because he he clearly will
be decided that he was gonna go after
people like Angela Merkel and Theresa
May and say things about them that were
not negative or go after Germany for
immigration etc but here he is walking
with type air to go Erewhon
of Turkey an autocrat but he seems to
gravitate toward you see in that picture
the other leaders of the West macron
etcetera walking together there they are
there they're together you know and
Trump is on his own
preferring it feels like to be with
with air21 and there was a piece in
Politico that says that Trump's wildly
unpredictable performance over two days
in Brussels left many European leaders
convinced that there was little method
to the American presidents rhetorical
madness and simply no way to anticipate
what he might do next I don't know if
being predictable seems like a strategy
to you or whether or not you think
there's some method to it
well there's some method in the Donald
can be very strategic at times and there
are occasions when he's just flat-out
delusional about things but Donald has
spent his entire life with no controls
on him he has thumbed his nose at law
enforcement he's beaten for federal
grand juries he lost to income tax fraud
trials and he's never had to comply with
the law in any way given his father
having has his business partners
mobbed-up guy willy Tomasello donald
absolutely connects with these men who
are not accountable to anyone and we've
even seen him use after talking about
president g and china who's moving from
president to dictator for life about how
it would be nice if he could be
president for life and in his own mind
I'm sure Donald believes that he should
be dictator for life because after all
he knows more than you do joy he knows
more than I do
he's Donald Trump and of course we
should all respect that and we should
all show just as the people in North
Korea do to their leader that he's the
greatest of us all yeah that he wants
that he wants the fear and the energy
that he wants a night to actually adore
him while that's doing the things he's
doing oh he absolutely wants to be like
that man by the way I've enjoyed yeah
i-i've been trying to find people here
in England who support Trump and the
survey show it's about 10% and that's
better than the numbers I'm finding out
I've walked into shops and talk to
people and yeah really hard yeah it's
hard to find them sorry going so I also
want to make a point I want to go back
to the strategic thing and I and I a
hundred percent agree with David Kay
Johnson that sometimes a very much a
strategy and sometimes it's just him
going off the rails right now but I do
think that remember he's surrounding
himself now bill shine from Fox News
he's surrounding himself with people who
know how to take advantage of mistakes
right they know how to take change when
he does go off the rails they know how
spend that and make that into something
that they can leverage to either
distract or deflect and he had some
people like Bannon before who are also
able to do that so I think that's an
important point that when he goes off
the rails if you notice then it's then
echo throughout conservative media and
spun and that is strategy whether it's
coming from him directly in that moment
or whether it's coming from around from
the people around him people should not
underestimate Democratic voters should
not underestimate that there is a
strategy in place the fact that his lies
about NATO are being echoed throughout
conservative throughout conservative
media that is a strategy it's way too
consistent the use of the ninety percent
number which is even if you're saying oh
he's just using a hyperbole to make a
point ninety percent and twenty two
percent gray are way apart from each
other right I think it's really
important for people to understand that
even when he's going off the rails there
are now people in place who can
capitalize on that as well
yeah and that he does have a base that
is absolutely 100 thousand percent
devoted to him and there is nothing
that's gonna turn them off of him he'll
just repeat right he did yes achieved
low right he has gotten it from
somewhere I'm Tara Dowdell Glenda Blair
David Kay Johnson thank you all and up
next don't let Trump's chaos abroad
distract you Trump Supreme Court pick
could change this country for decades to
come stay with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
