it wasn't the discovery of your text mr.
Strock it was the existence of your bias
that got you kicked off I'm stating to
you it is not my understanding that he
kicked me off because of any bias that
it was done based on the appearance if
you want to represent what she said
accurately I'm happy to answer that
question but I don't appreciate what was
originally said being changed I don't
give a damn what you appreciate agents
truck I don't appreciate having an FBI
agent with an unprecedented level of
animus working on two major
investigations during 2016
the day before 12:00 Russian
intelligence officers were indicted for
allegedly meddling in the 2016 election
congressional Republicans decided the
real villain was an American FBI agent
Peter struck during a nearly 10-hour
hearing on Thursday they accused Strock
of letting his personal views influence
both the Clinton email and Russia
investigations struc denied the
allegations of bias vigorously and made
this key point in the summer of 2016 I
was one of a handful of people who knew
the details of Russian intellect Russian
election interference and its possible
connections with members of the Trump
campaign this information had the
potential to derail and quite possibly
defeat mr. Trump but the thought of
expressing that or exposing that
information never crossed my mind
Malcolm Sarah and Naveen are back with
me all right guys let's start with what
really Julie Annie had to say after the
stroke here and he said Peters testimony
was a disgrace he said it taints the
entire Moeller witch-hunt he called it
Trump is being investigated by people
who possess pathological hatred of him
all the results the investigation our
fruit of a poisoned tree should be
dismissed let me go to you first on this
Devine having worked at least as a
double agent with the FBI could one FBI
agent do you Ray you know launched an
entire investigation a tainted
investigation and by himself bring down
a presidential candidate is that
possible to have done of course not I
mean this is this is an absurd thing and
you know look joy I worked very closely
with these FBI agents and what I can
tell you is the only bias that I ever
saw was actually against the State
Department the FBI agents had a
tremendous amount of frustration in
dealing with the State Department I'd
reach a point where they wanted to throw
out a diplomat and the State Department
come back and say no and I mentioned
this because Hillary Clinton
the Secretary of State and as head of
the secretary as as head of the State
Department I imagine and I that the FBI
agents probably carried that animus
towards the State Department to Hillary
Clinton so if anything the bias was
against Hillary Clinton so this up this
allegation that they're somehow bias
against Trump that would have helped
Hillary Clinton by Peter struck and the
agents of the FBI is frankly absurd
there's no evidence it goes against
everything when it comes to sort of how
these places operate and what the people
feel it's just this is just a
distraction from the main event and
Malcolm as a matter of fact there was
the story the stories that came out you
know toward the end of the campaign that
the FBI in New York was sort of very
anti deeply anti-hillary Clinton I want
to play for you a little bit of FBI
agent struck defending himself
on the thing that has most animated the
Republicans who feel that he somehow
tried to bring down Donald Trump's
candidacy and that was the we will stop
it
text take a listen in terms of the text
that we will stop it you need to
understand that that was written late at
night off-the-cuff and it was in
response to a series of events that
included then candidate Trump insulting
the immigrant family of a fallen war
hero and my presumption based on that
horrible disgusting behavior
that the American population would not
elect somebody demonstrating that
behavior to be present in the United
States it was in no way unequivocally
any suggestion that me the FBI would
take any action whatsoever to improperly
impact the electoral process what do you
make of this whole process of trying to
essentially accuse Peter Straub of
personally trying to launch this
investigation in order to bring down the
candidacy of Donald Trump Malcolm what
you now what you have here is an
inordinate level of desperation I have
never seen desperation so bad on the
part of this party
they have so aligned themselves with
Trump and whatever he is done with
Russia that they are willing to go down
with him mark these words
this party the Republican Party at some
point very soon when the next stage of
this of the next series of indictments
come out against the American citizens
are going to have to make a choice as to
whether they embrace activities and
actions which could rhetorically be
called treason or whether they're going
to stand with the United States and
everyone that went after him
with this crazy conspiracy theory that
one FBI agent tried to bring down a
president in the United States in a
bureau that was almost completely in the
tank for Donald Trump it's absolutely
ludicrous and it is going to embarrass
and burn a lot of careers one of the
things you saw Sarah was louie gohmert
one of the Congress people went after
you're struck on the actual affair that
he was having with a colleague that's
marked these text messages back and
forth let's listen to that I can't help
but wonder when I see you looking there
with a little smirk how many times did
you look so innocent into your wife's
eyes and lied to her about somebody
ended it by saying you need your
medication I mean it was it really got
ugly and it there was a lot of screaming
what do you make of this whole thing
Sarah I mean it's ridiculous and it's
reprehensible and like Malcolm said it's
absolutely desperate because in no way
was the FBI trying to rig the election
for Hillary Clinton if anything they
sank the election for Hillary Clinton
one thing that everyone seems to forget
is that in the summer of 2016 Harry Reid
released an open letter to James Comey
saying that the public has the right to
know the extent of Russian interference
in the election and that Russia intended
to falsify election results those are
extremely serious claims Comey ignored
it Comey then released the letter saying
that hillary clinton was being
investigated which prompted reid to send
yet another follow-up letter
so I do think there are some questions
we should be asking about the FBI but
one of the questions is not you know did
Peter struck rigged the election for
Hillary that is so just ridiculous it's
absolutely obscene yeah it's it was
quite a spectacle Malcolm man Sarah
Kinsey or Naveen Kamali thank you all
very much and coming up in our next hour
Trump's overseas trip has been chaotic
to say the least and this is before his
one-on-one with Vladimir Putin and a
much-needed morale moment with Bishop
William Barbour Maureen who after the
break
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
