I also have to ask you about something
darker because it's part of a trend
we've seen here and in Europe buried in
the interview with the Rupert Murdoch
owned Sun newspaper the president talked
about immigration in Europe killing
their culture now this is a page out of
white nationalism truth this is an
argument that we've heard on and off for
decades the timing of it however it's
like a prairie fire in Europe right now
it's exactly right and if you and I
let's say two or three years ago we're
talking about even before Donald Trump
was a factor
what is Vladimir Putin's wish list you
know break off our cherished
relationships damage them with Canada
and Great Britain try to damage NATO
generate problems in Europe try to
jeopardize the position of Angela Merkel
in Germany generate this kind of you
know dissonance between us and the
Liberals classical liberals of Europe
it's all happening and Donald Trump has
never explained to Americans why it's
happening every other president when he
you know undertakes the policy that it's
a departure from what other presidents
have done they feel the responsibility
to give a speech of some length or more
than one speech to the American people
saying you know you may not understand
why I'm doing this but let me take a
while to explain logically why it's
happening we have no idea why this is
happening
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
