we've got more reaction on those molar
charges today and since this is the beat
we might get into some other
developments I'm joined by MSNBC's Rev
Al Sharpton Pharoahe Monch Oh Billboard
Top 100 artists whose collaborated with
Grammy winner Macy Gray is performing at
the Brooklyn hip hop festival this
weekend and rapper Young Paris who's on
jay-z's label Roc Nation this is quite a
panel if I could say so Rev when you
look at this week's news what's on your
mind I look at what happened with the
whole question of this mother indictment
I think that when you see 12 Russians
United they informed the president in
advance and he still calls it a
witch-hunt and is gonna meet with the
President of Russia I mean this other
than if he's going to say I want you to
extradite to 12 Russians what would he
even be doing in the room laughter to
talk about what's there to talk about so
I think that we're getting very close to
all him really showing his true nature
what's on your mind for me I was
watching the FBI hearings yesterday and
that was crazy
the question is well all over the place
it was like who was on third what's on
second and then the guy was like I've
been instructed not to question it was
just crazy to me and then the lady joins
in at the end and that is the one guy
have you taken your medication you know
so I was just watching that like what's
going on well and that Republicans have
finally found something they don't like
about part of the FBI for the first time
first time in history and then when when
you think of how they are discrediting
the FBI discrediting prosecutions and
investigations when we've got it on the
movement side we were on American
unpatriotic and everything you can think
of now you have odds Republicans doing
this
it's amazing to me and I think that you
seeing the world look at this country
saying what's going on I was watching
the president in England today
and I was there three segoe and a lot of
the progressives are getting ready for
the March I mean it's almost like we are
the laughingstock of the world because
of our inconsistency as a country and I
think everybody is saying that blatantly
because of Donald Trump well the thing I
want to flag is looking at something we
touched on earlier in the show Muller
saying that you have these Russian
military agents posing as a fake hacker
so they're trying to trick us here in
America and working with the US
congressional candidate for stolen
documents it says here the conspirators
sent the candidate the stolen documents
relating to the candidates opponent I
mean this is this is scary stuff and
anyone who looks at this should care
about what's happening to our democracy
not which which side might benefit in
the short run because if countries can
do this what kind of democracy do we
have
they had a false sign up saying they
were blacklivesmatter you had false
lights up quoting for many of us that
were dealing with the question of what
happened in Ferguson this is frightening
and it sets all of us up and we all
should feel vulnerable about yeah so
this is not your normal summer Friday
but young Paris I got to meet you we do
more than one topic on this show the
Rebbe knows that here and when we talk
about who's falling back I understand
you have one that might give us a little
lighter moment here on a big week it was
involved with it man I just came off to
an Africa and just getting off the plane
I've got on my Instagram and all I'm
seeing is this dance craze from Drake
released a new song called my feelings
and there's a kid in New York named
Ziggy show who created dance
mm-hmm I don't know if you guys that
maybe have some audio here someone could
play but this is the dance right here
how do you feel about it so I don't it's
so crazy to look at these things now
because I feel like this because the
internet and we have so much access to
viral videos like there's a time we're
like things are taking way to go viral
but now it's so incredible to see like
millions of viewers and celebrities and
people impactfully impactfully attacking
this there's this this this this song in
such a quick time it's just well yeah
and the call in the culture can spread
so much more quickly
I saw Simon Says your big head it has
over 10 million views I imagine a lot of
those have come since it came out yeah
and and then it goes away and it comes
back and it's a new bunch of kids
rediscovering the record all over again
so it was just amazing in that way like
these kids becoming new DJ's so now when
you got kids you do write everyone could
share whatever they find well a lot of
kids who know what Simon Says was until
furrow came out with because McKee knows
that so you bring it all together I
don't think people knew when you record
that song that you were talking about
Bob Muller when you said control the
game like Tomb Raider exactly so now we
know that hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
