or say hey director John Brennan hello
sir hi Chuck how you doing thanks
alright so we learned the 12 Russian
operatives Russian intelligence officers
did this I hope to military officials
this is what's amazing to me I am in to
identify this dozen folks how difficult
is it to identify a Russian intelligence
officer I'm just just to sort of walk us
through - have - I've identified at
least 12 of these folks and it may be
more but they seem to think they have
the entire group of Russians that did
this well remember in January of 2017
when the intell's community issued the
assessment it identified the GRU that's
the Russian general staff the Russian
military intelligence as being the
perpetrators of this attack so at that
time we already knew it was the GRU but
I think the DOJ indictment today is
testament to the tremendous efforts and
work of the FBI as well as the
intelligence community writ large in
terms of putting together the pieces
forensically as well as other
intelligence that might be available to
identify the exact individuals who were
responsible and involved in this attack
let's go through some in this indictment
what did you learn today that was new to
you
well I think I learned some of the
details but I don't think I learned a
lot new as I said in the Intel community
assessments we already had you know most
of the essence of the the nature of the
attack and who was involved but I think
the DOJ was trying to make sure they
could put things out publicly so that
they could really just identify the
individuals involved but also protect
those sorts of methods that we need to
continue to rely on one of the more
disturbing aspects of this indictment
was the fact that that the the attempts
to go to the election rules were
actually where it looks like we're we're
much more sophisticated than maybe we
thought it wasn't just testing to see
what they could get that they were they
were going to some seeing what they
could do now maybe they found out that
he couldn't change vote and and maybe
they thought they could this happened
inoctober how quickly was the Intel
Intel community alerted that this was
happening when did you find out that
this was happening was a couple weeks
later no we saw things
putting in real time because by October
the department homeland security and jeh
Johnson was actively working with a lot
of the state electoral systems and
boards and governors everybody was sort
of watching is that what it is they're
like almost like cameras were on and off
at these are sensors and monitors
domestically we're here and that's where
I think we understood that they were
going after some voter registration
rolls and we were concerned about the
types of things that they could do and
that's why I think some of the push
backs against the Russians in the months
August September October might have
deterred the Russians from doing more
than what they might have done but
clearly they had some of the capability
they had a presence and it was a
question about whether or not they were
going to follow through on it what makes
the GRU better at this in the FSB which
is the other arm of the Intel community
in Russia well I wouldn't say that
they're necessarily better they have
different types of capabilities as well
as areas of emphasis but the FSB which
is the FBI equivalent in Russia the SVR
which is the CIO equivalent and the GRU
those three have very sophisticated and
capable cyber efforts that are underway
to go after sometimes domestic
dissidents inside of Russia as well as
external efforts where any of these said
Russian officers familiar to you some of
the names I'm aware of in that they are
just regular operatives that that you
would have run-ins with or it would be
in in in in things like this or
espionage well the GRU in the last six
or nine months or so of my tenure was
going through some leadership changes at
the senior-most levels but the GRU is
very active outside of Russia's borders
they have been known to do things in the
near abroad whether it be in the Ukraine
or in the other areas of Eastern Europe
why um and maybe you're not the best
person ask this but what why do you
think the Americans weren't named now
why do you think they hesitated on
WikiLeaks and hesitated on Roger stone
when the indictment essentially outlet
describes both the individual and the
entity well I think this is very
quintessential Bob Muller in terms of
being thorough and very deliberate as
well as very strategic in his approach
when in February the department justice
indicted the internet research agency
and twelve Russian civilians that was
the first shoe to drop the second one is
Russian government officials these
military GRU officers I think the third
shoe to drop and again not speculate
about who would be u.s. persons who may
have been involved because you need to
indict foreign government officials in
order to have a conspiracy with today
was an essential crime right today was
the indictment on the actual here's the
crime that took place stolen material
and who did it right and so what you're
saying is the American aspect of this
would be the conspirators absolutely the
ones that were working with the Russians
and I think rod Rosen Stein did a very
good job in terms of being very careful
in terms what he said but this
indictment was in no way designed to
identify American US persons who may
have been involved in this conspiracy to
influence the election
let me through the decision process that
you guys went through in 2013 when
Edward Snowden got asylum and you pulled
the plug on a Putin summit that they did
protect was that the punishment it was
something that the National Council will
will gather to discuss what is the best
way forward on something as serious as
that as the Snowden effect show that
happened you guys can be in a meeting
right and so in President Obama was very
mindful of what's the both the reality
and the perception would be of a meeting
like that and also want to send a clear
signal to Russia about some things that
are not acceptable that's why I think it
was very appropriate the Department of
Justice to announce these indictments
publicly today you think was important
to do this before the summit
oh absolutely why is that and I think it
wasn't very important to give mr. Trump
a chance to bow out of the meeting in
Helsinki he decided not to now if mr.
Trump takes this seriously and he treats
it like he should as the president of
States he should go to Helsinki and meet
with mr. Putin and in no uncertain terms
tell him it is incontrovertible that you
authorize interference in our
presidential election this must stop and
if it doesn't stop there going to be
some really serious consequences to pay
what are the consequences what are the
what are the realistic consequences that
you think would change Putin's behavior
well first of all I think a consequence
would be for mr. Trump to change his
fawning attitude
mr. Putin and to basically call the
Russians out on a number of things that
they're doing not just in the cyber
world but also on and their insidious
efforts to try to influence events and
politics in many countries whether it be
on the brexit vote or other votes inside
of Europe but I do think it's important
for mr. Trump to be able to lay down to
to mr. Putin exactly what those costs
and those in the facts are now this is a
very dangerous time now and we remember
we have indicted now 12 Russian military
officials for trying to interfere in the
election and influence the outcome and
what we can't do is now go you know
toe-to-toe with Russia and bring this to
war we certainly can't do that but we
cannot give them a pass this takes a
very deft and I think sophisticated
handling in order to ensure that we get
through this very challenging time
without sparking some type of major
confrontation between Moscow and
Washington very quickly you heard us
talking about the Panama papers he has
always believed that pain about papers
embarrassed him because it exposed him
as an Oleg arm yes he does blame the
United States for that doesn't we didn't
do it we didn't I understand it but he
does blame the United between that the
Olympics and the doping right this is
still all the motive for Putin right
absolutely he's looks at things through
a prism about how the United States and
the CIA in particular is doing things in
order to embarrass him and he does
believe you and the CIA are somehow
involved yeah I think he's very paranoid
about these things which unfortunately
leads him to do a number of things in
response but the predicate is is is
faulty here's the premise John Brennan I
gotta leave it there
Thanks come on sir sharing your views
much appreciated mister hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
