Donald Trump and the first lady are now
at his Golf Club in turn buries
Scotland's leaving England and leaving
everyone trying to reconcile what just
happened over the last two days a visit
by the president filled with chaos and
discord and clean up the interview Trump
did with the son trashing Prime Minister
may then the desperate walk back we saw
him give while standing right next to
her I would say I give our relationship
in terms of grade the highest level of
special so we start off with special I
would give our relationship with the UK
and now especially after this two days
with your Prime Minister I would say the
highest level of special am I allowed to
go am I allowed to go higher than that
I'm not sure but it's the highest level
of special they are very special people
it's a very special country the highest
level of special means all trash you to
a newspaper I guess all as thousands of
protesters flooded the streets of London
Bret Stevens can't stop laughing the
visit was quite the departure from the
typically close rapport between the two
countries
Vladimir Putin could not ask for much
more our panel is still here Bret I'll
give it to you because you're laughing
well yeah I mean it just reminds me of
that scene in spinal tap you know he
takes it to 11 right the highest level
of special and it's so it's so
especially absurd given that he's like
some kind of guests who ambles into your
home he's on your Persian carpet
destroys your fan your family urn wrecks
your furniture says send me the bill and
doesn't pay that is Richter used to
claim we never stomped on Eddie Murphy's
couch and then saying yeah I stomped on
his couch when you called Eddie Murphy's
special after he did it I mean we're dad
stood absurdity is we understand that
this is the most widely circulated
newspaper in England for him to do this
interview and then the stand there with
her it goes to what you say he's a bully
he can't stand in front of someone and
confront them you know I
I've mastered him for decades but every
time he sees you he's like you're his
best friend he called me after you won
the election he does not confront you
face-to-face for me to get fired
publicly I had to get walked out of a a
rally by Secret Service he called me
like two weeks later and said we should
be friends right he called you to be
fine go for his special days listen to
the New York Times editorial no sorry
NATO Trump doesn't believe in allies but
in mr. Trump's world there no there no
longer is any concept of alliances
peering through mr. Trump's twisted
prism one finds not friends and enemies
but fans and enemies fans are those who
are loyal to you no matter what they
never expect reciprocity enemies are
also valuable because they help you
solve problems you can assert your power
by breaking them or befriending them
there's a little bit more than that
though I think that that's entirely
correct that that's the way he sees it
but there's the added element of the
strongmen that he worships they're not
important
it may be a fan of his he certainly sees
him as useful when it comes to keeping a
leg up on the United States I don't know
if he actually likes her respects or as
says anything particularly great about
Donald Trump but Trump worships him the
same thing happened with with him with
with North Korea there's he's not a fan
of Trump's he says terrible things about
Donald Trump all the time but Donald
Trump is very honorable man he just
worships the strongmen so no he's a
madman wants to be he doesn't believe in
our allies but he does believe in making
strategic allegiances with dictators
that he wants to emulate and that is
terrifying I will say this this is a
story that posted today on NBC News
Pentagon goes into damage control mode
to rish or NATO a lines if that sounds
familiar take a look at these headlines
over the past year and a half
pence launches Midwest damage control
mission that's July 11th Trump officials
kick into damage control mode with
Canada that's June 11th seeking to heal
a rift Tillerson pledges new aid to
Africa that's March 6 Trump officials do
damage control after staff turmoil
February 11th Trump returns to crisis
over Kushner as
house tries to contain it May 2017 since
the theme hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
