welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with
something president Trump told the
British newspaper the Sun he was talking
about England's soccer team and he
pointed out that our common language is
missing something as much as you should
I'm mr. naming like you understand that
I missed the name England I think
England is a beautiful name
and you don't hear it very much anymore
but they're playing as England's very
interesting good good point mr.
president got us to thinking about what
other words we don't hear very much
anymore Prussia the USSR the
austro-hungarian Empire not allowed to
talk about them these days Russia
that's great word come to think of it
when was the last time you listened to
the wireless or routed for the Brooklyn
Dodgers or waived your 48-star flag
anyone check their answering machine
lately you might have rested your feet
on a comfy ottoman but it's unlikely it
was while you were having a debate about
the future of the Ottoman Empire it's a
great word by the way ottoman so think
about what President Trump said the next
time you're planning a trip to
Czechoslovakia or Yugoslavia or South
Vietnam perhaps you'll stop in England
along the way and while you're there you
can visit the city they used to call
Londinium you don't hear the word
Londinium anymore do you
great word hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more bit to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
