I have to ask you about the the I was
kind of amazed by the response from the
White House quite quickly after this
came out obviously the president knew
about this so they might have had a
response ready today's charges include
no allegations of knowing involvement by
anyone on the campaign and no alleged no
allegations that the alleged hacking
affected the election result I mean Tom
does it strike you as strange that in
the face of 12 indictments that that the
the White House's response is what
wasn't us well it's long since time for
Donald Trump to stop calling this a
witch-hunt this is not a witch-hunt
these are the facts the fact is that the
DNC was hacked but more importantly our
democracy was attacked what we saw in
today's indictment Sally the the effort
to go after secretaries of state boards
of Elections the the indictment alleges
that there was an attack on one board of
election and they got information on
roughly 500,000 voters this is this is
an act of war Ally and what we should be
doing here right now we should have all
hands on deck on the issue of
cybersecurity and election security and
instead what we have with Republicans is
they're going after these unlawful voter
purges they pass these unconscionable
voter ID laws that are solutions in
search of our problems this and the
statements today what's remarkable to me
and and I think it bears repeating
is that Deputy Attorney General
Rosenstein acknowledged that he briefed
the president before he left through
Europe so the president knew that these
indictments were coming you still may
which on references right and people
works
we're being charged by a federal grand
jury and yet he continues to talk about
this as a witch-hunt this isn't a
witch-hunt this is that ultimately the
the failure to understand the difference
between the attack on democracy and the
suggestion that Donald Trump wouldn't
have won the election otherwise that's a
separate discussion it may be true that
Donald Trump wouldn't have won the
election without Russian interference
but that's not actually at the heart of
the issue here the issue is that
somebody was meddling with our
elections hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
