let me be clear unequivocally and under
oath not once in my 26 years of
defending our nation did my personal
opinions impact any official action I
took the suggestion that I and some dark
chamber somewhere in the FBI would
somehow cast aside all of these
procedures all of these safeguards and
somehow be able to do this is astounding
to me it simply couldn't happen and the
proposition that that is going on that
it might occur anywhere in the FBI
deeply corrodes what the FBI is an
American Society the effectiveness of
their mission and it is deeply
destructive Wow that was just a bit of
FBI agent Peter Struck's defense to a
barrage of questions on Capitol Hill
structs personal character and
professional conduct was repeatedly
called into question and joining us now
a Tom Goldman the attorney for mr.
struck thanks for being on the show this
morning is it okay to assume that there
were some behind-the-scenes negotiations
about the parameters of this hearing or
was he just thrown out there well there
were behind I know if you call
negotiations I I sent a letter to the
committee chair into the FBI on Monday
asking them to confer so that we could
understand what Pete would be and would
not be allowed to answer eventually I
think that those those conversations
happened and the congressman knew
exactly what questions people would be
able to answer and what questions the
FBI would not allow him to answer and
immediately went to the questions that
they knew for sure he would not be
allowed to answer and then when he
followed the instructions of his
employer threatened him with contempt
so I guess given the conversations that
happened before the hearing do you think
the Republicans acted in good faith no
of course not that they think this I
think they Harry were revealed a couple
things I think they revealed Pete for
who he is which is a deeply patriotic
thoughtful person who is coming to terms
with the fact that that he wrote things
that are being used to hurt an
institution that he loves and a country
that he loves and I think it revealed
that the Republicans are not
interested in finding out the truth and
you know you could see that from the
questions that they asked that they knew
he wouldn't be able to answer from their
refusal to release the transcript of his
11 hour hearing two weeks ago and from
the way that they the extraordinary
lengths they went to shut him up
yesterday I mean they I guess there's a
rule or a custom that after the five
minutes the member goes the the witness
is allowed to answer they would end
their questions with declarative
statements and then try to get the
Chairman to cut Pete off so that he
couldn't get his say it's out that
wasn't a question that was just a
statement why have a witness there well
I'm confused like I saw Matt Gaetz kind
of trying to look like he's some
attorney in a movie like with these
questions thank you sir right I did you
do that did you do and then he wouldn't
let I mean were the questions really a
performance or from your perspectives
because you're looking at all these guys
did they seem prepared to get the
answers they were getting because it
seemed that maybe even sometimes halfway
through his answers they didn't like the
outcome I don't think they did I don't I
think that they liked the their ability
over the past several months along with
President Trump with his tweets that
Pizza trader and a sick loser to paint
him as the boogeyman as the center of
some anti Trump cabal in the FBI and
then when they actually bring them
before the American people and you
realize that's not true they you know
furiously try to to gag him
yeah all right Clint Watts question Adan
this is Claire wants a just in terms of
procedure yesterday obviously was a very
confusing hearing and it was interesting
to actually watch you behind Peter
struck kind of trying to talk to him and
coach him through it as his legal
adviser but could you also explain your
role visa vie the FBI lawyers and sort
of what ground you cover versus what the
FBI who also has a stake with their own
lawyers in terms of this could can you
flush that out a little bit and it turns
out of that plays out in the hearing
sure and you know the Republicans after
his is closed interview went out and
falsely said that Pete on the advice of
counsel had refused to answer questions
that's
true Pete was instructed by the Office
of General Counsel of the FBI that he
could not answer certain questions on
Pete's personal lawyer I never told him
not to answer a single question so the
FBI has a policy which as is
long-standing which everybody knows that
you're not supposed to talk about
ongoing investigations the Russia
collusion investigation is ongoing
that's why we have a special counsel
they're not supposed to talk about it
the Republicans know that and then there
are all these conspiracy theories out
there fanned by the President and by
Sean Hannity and they asked these
questions that they know that the
government the special counsel the
Department Justice the FBI can't answer
because the investigations ongoing and
then they act like it's a proven fact
yeah 800 the sean hannity go on the air
tonight and say the republicans did a
great job they won because in terms of
overall like public and thompson and and
donnie you and this is what this is
right up your alley
watching that do you feel that the
republicans come out as winners in this
conversation that you would call that
time capital here's the sad truth if
you're a republican watching yes really
III just you know we're at the point now
whether we start with Trump's you know
forty percent base or whatever it is and
this is the sad place that we're
receiving if we're all lensing things
through such a bespoke lens at this
point that I don't think anybody that I
get into debates about that we all get
into heated debates about I don't think
if I ran into him today said Jesus your
boys they look pretty pathetic out there
yesterday I don't think one person would
have said yeah we were looking kind of
silly and that's where we are right now
but it's the first time the American
people got a chance to see here and get
to know Peter struck who's been this
villain yes but once again a logical
thinking person I'm just just kind of
being a realist yeah and and just in
your mind think about the people that
you kind of get into little Quagmire's
with about this I do not think
unfortunately in sadly that they would
look at that any other way than those
foolish pathetic Congress
I just think we're so entrenched right
now and to be interesting to take a poll
and see if there's one move one way yeah
and that's the sad place I think one of
the biggest Telltale's though Donny if
you assume that some independent-minded
voters actually watch Fox News yeah that
Fox News made the judgment that they
needed to cut away because it was
getting too hot and heavy especially
public and away for like like Raskin
guys a little better
Fox News yeah Heidi's right look
speaking as a former Republican I think
but a former Republican if you're gonna
be cynical you shouldn't be stupid and
that was the basic mistake that those
those congressmen you shouldn't be
malicious either there are great many
people who aren't simply Sean Hannity
dumb ideologues who would look at that
and say god this Peter strut guy whom
I've heard so many terrible things about
here's a guy who's passionate eloquent
cool under fire and who's who's having
his name dragged through the mud by a
bunch of clowns he is he is standing his
ground against against a collection of
bullies and I think those are the
marginal voters the people on our edges
on the margins who decide elections if
they watch that testimony they would
have said I'm thinking about this an
agent in a whole new way
yeah key word is Marty the Fox viewers
of any of them for watching I don't
think well they weren't watching because
Fox broke away from the news that was
half that was later later Fox from being
news I don't get it thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
