I would have done it much differently I
actually told to recently had to do it
but she didn't agree with she didn't
listen to me what does he say she didn't
listen no I told her how to do it I that
will be up to her to say but I told her
how to do it she just says she wants to
go a different route so he would be
prepared to walk away if they didn't
give you the right terms oh I think
what's going on is very unfortunate I
didn't give Theresa who I like I did
give her my views on what she should do
and how she should negotiate and she
didn't follow those because I would
actually say she probably went the
opposite way I think the deal that she's
striking is not what the people voted on
it's a much different deal than the
people voted on it was not the deal that
was in the referendum you know they have
a lot of resignations so a lot of people
don't like it no but it'll definitely
affect that trade with the United States
unfortunately in a negative way
if they do a deal like that it will most
likely because we'll be dealing with the
European Union instead of dealing with
UK so it will probably kill the deal
with if they do that their trade deal
with the us's will probably not be made
no they do that I would say that that
would probably end a major trade
relationship with the United States
those are portions of president Trump's
interview with the son criticizing Prime
Minister Theresa Mayes brexit strategy
among other things the two leaders are
set to answer questions side by side in
just a little while we will be going to
that live lot happened here symbolically
ktk including who the president chose to
go visit first yes I mean the fact that
he had this very glamorous dinner last
night that was laid on for him in London
outside London and this was the offering
that Theresa May gave him you can see
the pictures there it was magical the
lighting was beautiful everyone looked
incredible and it was half way through
this dinner with Theresa May and 150
British business leaders that we got
news of this interview you can't imagine
how the rest of that dinner turned out
this is worse than just going to dinner
however an insulting your host while
you're there Theresa Mays government her
leadership hangs in the balance this
week in the UK over this brexit plan and
Donald Trump has just taken a bulldozer
and driven straight through that plan
and potentially straight through the
Prime Minister's leadership at the
moment they're having this meeting at
her country residence
he was just asked whether he regretted
that interview in the Sun newspaper and
he just looked away apparently rather
awkwardly he we understand they're going
to give a press conference and he will
try to reframe some of those remarks but
make no mistake he could not have said
something more damaging to Theresa May
the British prime minister got a more
sensitive moment all right David
Ignatius your thoughts well I like Carey
I think this is just a remark
the undiplomatic diplomacy one of the
British papers at the Daily Mirror
headlined the ego has landed when he got
to Britain and it to see all this
entirely in terms of his own negotiating
skill I thought that was a part of the
interview I found most amazing well I
wouldn't have done that way I tried to
tell her how to do it but she didn't
listen to me
it was almost as if he was gonna punish
her for not following his tutelage and
and the eager to show that he knows how
to negotiate other other people don't it
just illustrates what an isolated
position the United States has these
days yeah estranged from the European
Union
traditionally key allies estranged from
Great Britain traditionally our closest
ally the president arrives and is met
with demonstrators president arrives
with a dagger he stabbed Theresa May not
in the back in the front on arrival and
it's just extraordinary whether whether
her government can survive as Katie
suggested as a real question their joint
news conference will be fascinating and
will be looking forward to that during
the show today but had he had a lot to
say he did and wait there is actually
more the president also addressed
immigration taking aim at his host
country in the wider continent I think
what's happened to Europe is a shame
I think the immigration allowing the
immigration to take place in Europe is a
shame I think it changed the fabric of
Europe and unless you act very quickly
it's never going to be what it was and I
don't mean that in a positive way so I
think allowing millions and millions of
people to come in to Europe
is very very sad I think you're losing
your culture right you know sometimes we
try and analyze why he's doing what he's
doing and sometimes I think it comes
down to something simple and I've dealt
with CEOs like this that mmm-hmm before
you show up whatever was that was broken
and that in order to feed yourself and
you come off of NATO just because it's
in arguable why we have made oh I mean
it's common sense for even a first-year
political science student but that the
level of he doesn't exist in his mind
unless it was this way now it's this way
course I'm here it was that way
regardless of the destruction and it is
a modus operandi if you watch his
approach to everything he can only feel
alive if he destroys right and then
somehow is the center of things
regardless of what is going on and I
think that just simply is what drives it
beyond any policy issue it's this human
tick this inability to understand what's
in front of them other than how can I
supersede whatever is going on or
whatever came before me Abraham Lincoln
in one of his first great speeches said
that the problem with democracy is that
after a generation of builders you get a
generation of destroyers who seek their
the gratification of their egos in in
tearing things up rather than
stitching them together or building them
up he was of course anticipating the
Confederacy and in a sense there's
something about that that psychology
with with Donald Trump as well I think
there's also an ideology at play this is
a guy who hates all forms of immigration
what he what he was saying with respect
to European immigration is not so
different than what he is saying okay
through SPECT to to American immigration
but there's there's another point which
is this is a guy who's taken as his
mantra America first mhm that is the
mantra of the isolationist before World
War Two and what we're quickly
discovering is that America first also
means America alone and very quickly
means America hated and I don't think it
is dawned on this president or ever will
dawn on this this president how how
short the road is between America first
and America hated we have never been so
despised and I can
back to George W Bush administration the
Reagan administration even going back to
the Vietnam Vietnam War we've never been
so despised by the people who ought to
be our allies as we are today and the
saddest thing to say is as an American
and as someone who loves this country is
it's very hard to offer my European
friends my European wife any excuses for
the behavior of this government toward
the very people who have stood with us
through thick and thin for over a
hundred years so you can just take a
like the past ten hours of news and
encapsulate why you said exactly what
you said you've got the scorched earth
at the NATO summit literally going out
the door with the president's comments
and a news conference being undermined
directly and called untrue because they
were by the President of France
saying that did not happen mr. president
as we had to fact-check his news
conference in real time because so many
things he said even about his own
election win were wrong that happened at
the end of the NATO summit which did not
seem to go too well for our allies
rudeness and insults as he heads to
Britain as he lands and who he goes to
talk to what does Britain's Prime
Minister supposed to do at this point as
he insults her and undermines her and
gets ready to do a press conference with
her which we will be taking live here on
Morning Joe all the while that this is
happening you have Republicans on
Capitol Hill abusing harassing her
ranking and desperately pulling at the
air for some sort of answer that might
perhaps back up their point that this
guy is not a patriot that this FBI agent
was not doing his job that somehow the
FBI agent was in some way leaning toward
one candidate or the other wasn't being
an American in his duties and then you
saw the FBI agent speaking for himself
anybody who watched that listened to him
because he was the only one who could
really finish a sentence in a coherent
way and all you could hear was a man who
loves America who made mistakes
now being abused by a bunch of
stuttering bumbling Republicans on
Capitol Hill because they have their
base watching and they know they need to
throw med red-meat out to their base
using this guy as their victim to get
there that's what America looks like
today let's bring in the co-founder of
Axios Mike Allen Mike you have more on
the president's trip what you got yeah
Mika we're calling this the Trump
tornado the worst guest the pound is
falling this morning and as you just
suggested her government could fall over
this and Mika the irony of this is that
the Brits had planned this trip for him
as a laughs they'd set up these great
pictures that we're seeing here kept him
outside of London kept him away from the
baby blimp baby Trump uh blitz diapers
and trying to make this little respite
ahead of his summit with Putin instead
we see the president who's just saying
what's on his mind
thinking about his base not considering
the consequences for her and the Sun the
Rupert Murdoch paper largest paper and
Britain saying this pours nitroglycerine
on the situation there an important
thing to remember Mika is that brexit is
the most sensitive issue he could have
had her there would have been no way to
do more damage
wonderful Mike Helen thank you so much
and still ahead Jared Kushner was
granted a permanent security clearance
back in May but apparently he still
doesn't have access to the nation's most
sensitive intelligence that's a good
thing right
The Washington Post Carol lennick joins
us with her latest reporting and we'll
bring back in Matt Miller and Jeremy
bash with more on the explosive very
tense testimony on Capitol Hill we'll be
right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay up
to date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
