began with FBI agent Peter struck who
has been the target of President Trump's
tweets and Republicans conspiracies
about the Russia probe which is intended
to protect our national security
testifying on Capitol Hill yesterday he
gave over nine hours of testimony
grilled again and again and again about
the text messages that got him removed
from special counsel Robert Muller's
investigation and written up in an
inspector general's report from the very
outset committee Republicans threatened
him with contempt for not providing more
details about the investigation of
trumps campaign suspected ties to Russia
between July 31st and August 8th how
many interviews did you conduct related
to the alleged collusion between Russia
and the Trump campaign so congressman as
you know counsel for the FBI based on
the special counsels equities has
instructed me not to answer questions
about the ongoing investigation asking
for a known Russian attempts to engineer
agent struck I will not based on
direction of the FBI to me based on that
I will not answer that question because
it goes to matters which are related to
the ongoing investigations being
undertaken by the special mr. Strack you
have not stated a valid legal basis for
not responding to a question directed to
you by a member of the United States
House of Representatives I am
specifically directing you to answer the
question in response to our subpoena
notwithstanding your objection point of
order mr. chairman mr. struck please be
advised that you can either comply with
the committee's directive to answer the
question or refused to do so the latter
of which will place you at risk of a
contempt citation and potential criminal
liability point of do you understand
that
point of order mr. chairman the question
is directed to the witness and I have a
point of order before he answers the
question the point of order is not well
taken until I don't know what the point
of order is you can't say it's not well
take
point of order the witness will answer
the question mr. Chairman I have raised
my point of order and I insist on it
what is the point of order the United
States Attorney's manual instructs
Department personnel not to respond to
questions about the existence of an
ongoing investigation or comment on its
nature or progress pursuant to FBI
policy which is necessary so as not to
allow us to subvert an ongoing criminal
investigation he is right it wasn't the
discovery of your text mr. Strock it was
the existence of your bias that got you
kicked off I'm stating to you it is not
my understanding that he kicked me off
because of any bias that it was done
based on the appearance if you want to
represent what she said accurately I'm
happy to answer that question but I
don't appreciate what was originally
said being changed I don't give a damn
what you appreciate agents truck I don't
appreciate having an FBI agent with an
unprecedented level of animus working on
two major investigations during 2016 I
think it's important when you look at
those texts that you understand the
context in which they were made and the
things that were going on across America
in terms of the text that we will stop
it you need to understand that that was
written late at night off-the-cuff and
it was in response to a series of events
that included then-candidate Trump
insulting the immigrant family of a
fallen war hero and my presumption based
on that horrible disgusting behavior
that the American population would not
elect somebody demonstrating that
behavior to be present in the United
States it was in no way unequivocally
any suggestion that me the FBI would
take any action whatsoever to improperly
impact the electoral process for any
candidate so I take great offense and I
take great disagreement to your
assertion of what that was or wasn't as
to the hundred million to one that was
clearly a statement made in jest and
using hyperbole of course recognized
that millions of Americans were likely
to vote for candidate Trump I
acknowledge that is absolutely their
right that is what makes our democracy
such a vibrant process that it is but to
suggest somehow
we can parse down the words of shorthand
textual conversations like there's some
contract for a car is simply not
consistent with Meijer most people's use
of text messaging I can assure you mr.
chairman at no time in any of these
texts did those personal beliefs ever
enter into the realm of any action I
took furthermore this isn't just me
sitting here telling you you don't have
to take my word for it at every step at
every investigative decision there are
multiple layers of people above me
the assistant director executive
assistant director deputy director and
director of the FBI and multiple layers
of people below me section Chiefs
supervisors unit Chiefs case agents and
analysts all of whom were involved in
all of these decisions they would not
tolerate any improper behavior in me any
more than I would tolerate it in them
that is who we are as the FBI in the
suggestion that I and some dark chamber
somewhere in the FBI would somehow cast
aside all of these procedures all of
these safeguards and somehow be able to
do this is astounding to me it simply
couldn't happen and the proposition that
that is going on that it might occur
anywhere in the FBI deeply corrodes what
the FBI is an American Society the
effectiveness of their mission and it is
deeply destructive Matt Miller Jeremy
bash so we had this Patriot articulating
beautifully what was driving him
throughout this process and the mistakes
he made throughout the way and then the
Republicans at times it was a circus you
had a dentist but struggling to find
words saying that he was reading his
body language he had little Matt Gaetz
trying to play an attorney doing some
sort of legal rundown and stumbling
through that Jeremy I'll start with you
and then Matt follow up what struck you
about Struck's testimony yeah I think
you did a good job Mika at times
actually explaining the mission and the
professionalism of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation something that's kind of
been lost in all of this partisan din I
think reasonable Minds can differ as to
whether his text messages demonstrated
an impermissible bias but look here are
the facts Bob Muller were moved him from
the investigation more than a year ago
he is not involved in the investigation
has not
for a very long time and nothing that
happened yesterday actually erases the
fact that the Muller investigation has
resulted in five criminal convictions 20
indictments people sitting in jail or
facing jail at this hour because of
concerns over their close connection to
the Russian Federation and them not
representing the truth when asked about
it by the FBI and so nothing that
happened yesterday in this kind of epic
nonsense of a partisan circus actually
erases the fact that Bob Muller is
conducting a principled professional
investigation Matt you know I think the
behavior of the members of that
committee was an absolute disgrace
yesterday and this is from this is from
a couple committees who are not you know
known for being packed with statesmen
and I think that last clip that you
showed from from Peter struck is a
moment that will go down in history you
know almost like you know the moment
when Joseph Welch said have you no shame
to members of the McCarthy Committee
when someone who has seen his name
dragged through the mud came up and
explained to the committee and to the
American people just what was happening
and just what the effect was on trust in
the FBI and the FBI's ability to do its
mission I agree with Jeremy there are
legitimate questions about agents trucks
texts and what he said in those texts
but the problem with it with what the
members of Congress were doing they were
never able to connect his beliefs his
beliefs about Donald Trump with his
actions with what he did as an FBI agent
and there is a logical fallacy at the
heart of this entire conspiracy theory
and that is as he pointed out in his
testimony he was one of the few people
in America that knew in the fall of 2016
that Donald Trump's campaign was under
investigation for collusion with the
Russian government he could have with
one phone call to any reporter in
America probably ended the Donald
Trump's campaign and ensured that he
wasn't elected president he didn't do
that it's hard to make a case that he
was a part of a big conspiracy to keep
Donald Trump from becoming president
when he didn't take opportunity
advantage of that opportunity you know I
can't believe that body language was
being brought up here as something that
was important to look at but I can't
really read body language but I can I
can read faces and I can hear when
someone is struggling for words because
they feel like they're striking out the
Republicans seem like they were striking
out Heidi again
again not getting what they wanted and
this went on for nine hours like what
did they think they were gonna get I'm a
reporter which means I look for facts oh
can I at the end of that thought I did
tried to think about what new did I
learn here other than what I knew at the
very beginning which is that Peter
struck sent some mean texts about Trump
and he did it on a his person his
professional device instead of his
personal device we learned nothing new
other than that and make no mistake
the Republicans said over and over again
they were only questioning struck this
wasn't a reflection on the FBI but it
was because the FBI's inspector general
found that those texts and Peter structs
personal feelings had no impact on the
investigation yeah so at the end of the
day it's hard to know what you learned
long long day while struck sat through
nine hours of testimony Republican House
members tried and failed to trigger a
reaction take a look in front of you
have a one sheet of paper that was
presented to you a few minutes ago and
I'm going to just go to go to a date and
then ask you to read your own words on
October 20th 2016 I can't pull away what
the and I defer to the Chairman well you
can just use one letter if you don't
mind why the f what the f happened to
our country lease okay read it again
that way I sir did you not was I'm not
and you just want to hear it you to
repeat it please okay sir sure happy to
indulge you by the way I'm a dentist
okay so I read body language very very
well and I watched you a comment and
actions with mr. Gowdy you got very
angry in regards to the gold star father
that shows me that it's innately a part
of you and a bias sorry I disagree I
don't know if you're saying this is
variance is like being at the dentist if
that's what you're suggesting I would
tell you sir in my response what you see
in my response is a genuine passion for
the United States of America
so what this man has done gentleman from
Texas will suspend for a moment is the
disgrace and it won't be recaptured
anytime soon because of the damage
you've done to the justice system and
I've talked to FBI agents around the
country you've embarrassed them you've
embarrassed yourself and I can't help
but wonder when I see you looking there
with a little smirk how many times did
you look so innocent into your wife's
eyes and lied to her I think he does
honestly because who's embarrassing who
at this point you know some shows really
chop things up and so they get you know
a little little soundbite here there we
let things breathe and the Republicans
are just at this point it has been very
difficult to watch because you see them
really grasping here to insult this man
to shake him down to find something more
beyond the texts and to overly focus on
him and his text to the point where they
don't hear him saying that he cares
about this country that he cares about
what's happening to this country as it
pertains to Russia he cares about our
national security that's what he was
trying to say and people are reading
body language Alex your dad's a dentist
bringing Alex so is that is that what he
does my dad's a dentist he's a pediatric
dentist good at body like in no way does
being a dentist make you an expert as a
body language it just doesn't because I
was I was watching for about four hours
yesterday I don't have much of a life
yeah and I was alright while I was
screaming at the television you know the
Democrats every time we came to Democrat
they would get up and say we're having
this meeting this over so this meeting
here yet we haven't get a comedian
meeting on anything after kids are
killed by guns in schools we can't get a
committee meeting when kids are being
ripped from their parents arms but we
can get it
meaning over these texts she shame on
these pathetic Republicans that's an FBI
agent who basically also in his tax
disparage Hillary Clinton who also
disparage Bernie Sanders and by the way
every judge every FBI agent every police
officer every congressman every has a
bias everybody votes every single person
of public office Hall as America yes but
that doesn't mean they can't do their
job this is a man that's dedicated these
little dweebs sitting there the
discourse the way they present
themselves trey Gowdy the way he says I
don't care what you have to say it is
trey Gowdy of the two-and-a-half-year
Benghazi investigations saying I'm
concerned about investigations being
partisan trey Gowdy trey Gowdy seriously
seriously talking out of both sides of
his mouth if anybody is being partisan
and taking sides and running to his
corner it's that little guy right these
guys refer to a bubble is Bob Mueller
you know I can't pronounce the guy's
name I cannot wait till mr. Mueller's
report comes out mm-hmm and once again
we're 20 indictments or two and wonder
if that gets up to 40 and 60 yeah and if
we can come back and any is congressman
could say oh I guess the reason those
happened is because mr. struck sent a
text to a friend of hers that's the
reason those the Titans they should be
ashamed of themselves and I do believe
if anybody watches this they would
understand that's why there will be this
blue wave because people are just fed up
with these pathetic sniveling little
coward but I sat behind Hillary Clinton
Benghazi and that hearing this felt like
a repeat of Benghazi actually a lot of
the same players except it was the FBI
sitting in that seat and that's why when
Peter struck was finally given his
moment to speak freely he said this
exercise comes at a cost and it comes at
a cost of eventually eroding the
underpinnings of law and order in this
country when you are teaching a whole
new generation to distrust but the top
law enforcement Brett I would say this
in a sense it was a public service first
of all it was an opportunity for agent
straw
to rehabilitate his reputation after
almost a year of smears secondly it was
a reminder just watching the congressman
that there's a reason Republicans are
called the stupid party
the you know my old colleague at the
Wall Street Journal home in Jenkins used
to say that there's certain ideas that
vanish in the presence of thought the
idea that there was a bias at the FBI
toward Hillary Clinton is simply refuted
by the fact that the FBI was the one
agency of government which played a
decisive role in getting Donald Trump
elected and furthermore you know our our
friend on this show Dan seen or tweeted
about a year ago that as late as March
or February or March of 2016 a certain
Indiana governor was was saying to him
the Donald Trump must not be allowed to
become the nominee of the Republican
Party
so if vice president Pence is allowed to
have that bias up until March of 2016
why is agent struck not allowed to have
it up until the summer of of that year
there were I can name dozens of
prominent Republicans and people
including people who then are now
serving in this in this administration
come out exactly as H instructed
throughout the 2016 election maybe they
should step down from office and have
instead of failing to have his solutions
Ted Cruz alright so the rest I want to
bring it to David Ignatius to really
wrap up what he thinks happened
yesterday and what he thinks the outcome
of this was I will read a tweet Steve
Schmidt was live-tweeting former
Republican oh my gosh he says this that
wasn't oversight and you know it it was
harassment conspiracy theories whack job
buried dishonesty demagoguery wrapped in
a blanket of venality and not this
country needs statesmen and women you
know one well think about stepping it up
he seemed I can honestly say that after
watching trey gowdy today for the first
time in my 47 years I can honestly say
thank God I'm bald okay so we also had
to lose our mind watching this because
it just seemed like if you were trying
to create and produce a show where you
could set up a villain I was not just
confused who the villain was it was very
clear who the hero was by the end of the
nine hours of pounding this guy David
well it was a snapshot of political life
in 2018 and it was really a depressing
one we are a long way from mr. Smith
goes to Washington and Jimmy Stewart and
you know we don't live in that world
anymore
I thought Peter struck did himself some
good those emails naked red are pretty
damning and he explained the minute
coherent way I thought Peter struck did
the FBI some good he just sounded like
an FBI guy spoke with such passion about
what the bureau is and does and I
thought the Republicans on the committee
just turn this into a show trial and did
more to discredit the GOP effort to
undermine Muller's investigation than
any event that we've seen I think that's
really the my takeaway from from from
yesterday this is really wrong the show
trial like grilling leaves the
Republican argument that this is all
political on outrageous a lot weaker
than it was so so that's you know we'll
see where the where they go from here
but but yeah I think most people look
into that what are just shaking their
heads and said oh I don't know it
doesn't that doesn't sound right what
what Trey got he's saying doesn't sound
right to me still I had on Morning Joe
actually I want to grab kETK I know
we're going to talk to you about what
happened in London but do you have any
reflections from watching these hearings
you know you've had two incidents this
week where you wonder what is going
through the minds of Vladimir Putin as
he watches what's going on here in the
United States and at the NATO summit in
Europe and in both cases whether it is
intentional or not the person or the
country that benefits from the
disintegration of that Intelligence
Committee and as mr. struck said it
himself yesterday
is Moscow and watching what was going on
and the exposure of those divisions in
the committee and the partisanship of
those members on the committee you can't
help but think I don't know if this is
intentional or not but America at the
moment is handing Moscow own goals
whether its President Trump in NATO or
the members in that chamber yesterday
and trying to get him to speak
specifically about any obligations that
impact our national security and by the
way he was on two major investigations
one on Hillary Clinton which he made
very clear he was as aggressive and the
other of course candidate Trump so I if
you watched you felt like you were
watching an American Hero being brought
down which is that what we do I didn't
know that up next these are the latest
pictures out of the UK where President
Trump and prime minister Theresa May are
set to hold a joint news conference just
a short time from now it comes just
hours after the president cut the legs
out from his Konnor counterpart in an
interview with the British press you're
watching Morning Joe
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
