I can tell you that they are now is
really a fine-tuned machine people are
paying money that they never paid before
they're happy to do it and the United
States is being treated much more fairly
the president prior to departing the
NATO summit in Brussels but we did not
yet know then that during a closed-door
meeting he had just come from sources
are telling NBC News that Trump all but
threatened to pull out of NATO if the
other member countries didn't pony up
more money for defense spending the
Washington Post reporting Trump was on
such a tear that some diplomats said
they feared he could try to withdraw the
United States from NATO rupturing the
existing world order for more than an
hour the transatlantic alliance was
caught in the chaos of Trump's making
and that was just the start of the
president's day so he flew on to the UK
and while he's not staying in London
because of protests there he was
welcomed at a black-tie dinner at
Churchill's birthplace at Blenheim
Castle and then during dinner
the Rupert Murdoch own son newspaper
came out with this an interview that
Trump had given them which undercut
Trump's dinner host British prime
minister Theresa May specifically her
approach to brexit and trade I would
have done it much differently I actually
told to her soon they had to do it but
she didn't agree with she didn't listen
to me what is he said she did once and
no I told her how to do it I that will
be up to her to say but I told her how
to do it she just said she wanted to go
a different route so he would be
prepared to walk away if they didn't
give you the run turns very unfortunate
to be clear that was the president
threatening to pull out of trade deals
with the United Kingdom if the UK
remains close with the EU Trump and may
a reminder are set to meet again
tomorrow for lunch and in an effort to
make lunch less uncomfortable this is
the cleanup effort tonight this is an
official statement of the White House
from the press secretary and we quote
the president likes and respects Prime
Minister may very much
as he said in his interview with the Sun
she is a very good person and he never
said anything bad about her he thought
she was great on NATO today and is a
really terrific person he is thankful
for the wonderful welcome from the prime
minister here in the UK well with that
as a starting point with us tonight to
talk about it Michael Crowley national
security editor and senior foreign
affairs correspondent for Politico and
Katherine Lucy White House reporter for
The Associated Press welcome to you both
it is it's difficult to know where to
begin Michael I think I want to begin
with tonight and work back all the way
to earlier today at NATO can you
remember an American president in
arriving in a country and giving an
interview for release later that insults
the host no Brian I think this is close
to unprecedented at least in my lifetime
it's shocking and you know this is the
this is the second time this week Donald
Trump has kicked off an arrival by
insulting his hosts when he at a NATO
breakfast yesterday that was supposed to
be pleasantries he launched into an
attack on Germany and the NATO alliance
generally so he is feeling hostile and
aggressive and protocol is out of the
window precedent is out of the window
how many times have we said this about
Donald Trump but he seeps keep seeming
to find new ways to reinvent this wheel
and once again it just takes your breath
away tomorrow is going to be so
incredibly awkward that statement did
very little to clean this up those were
you know total empty banalities it
sounded like it was dictated directly by
Trump but compared to the substance of
his remarks in that interview totally
banal and basically useless does nothing
to try to repair this damage Katherine I
don't think I've ever seen a White House
statement like it using as source
material quotes lifted from the
interview that started the problem in a
Rupert Murdoch own newspaper tonight
that's right and if you read into the
son piece at some point the press
secretary Pierce to try and so say we've
done enough we've done about 10 minutes
and the president kept going and he sat
with them for a long time who covered a
lot of topics and what's amazing is that
this is at the beginning of his visit I
mean this is a diplomatic grenade
launched before he even showed up coming
as he's doing this this lavish formal
dinner that's really meant to set a tone
of you know for eight for a diplomatic
meeting with me and now they're going to
go through what I think will be a very
uncomfortable day tomorrow and there's
supposed to be a joint press conference
so it's hard to imagine that gonna be a
comfortable room hey there are Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
