guess what Steve Kornacki is about to
get some them because easier talk about
some meatballs new polls show Republican
House members and battles to save their
seats with three weeks left until those
polls open just out this hour a new
spectrum news Siena College poll of New
York's 27th congressional district we're
in Buffalo indicted Republican
congressman Chris Collins is
statistically tied with Democratic
challenger Nate McMurray 46 43 that's an
area that backed President Trump by 25
points in 2016
Wow the poll finds Collins favorability
rating in the district is a negative one
37 to 49% with only 48% of Republicans
holding a favorable opinion of him
Collins has pleaded not guilty to
insider trading charges related to his
board membership in an Australian
biotech firm Steve let me stop there for
a second and just we'll get to Utah in
just a second is that about Chris
Collins exclusively or is there a Trump
effect there as well yeah no and that's
it Joe will remember this name
every--every midterm cycle you end up
getting a couple races like this where
you can look at all the national factors
but there's something happening locally
in 1994 the name was Dan Rostenkowski
and he was running for re-election in
Chicago
she's as Democratic as it gets and Dan
Rostenkowski was under indictment and
lost his election to a Republican and
here you've got Chris Collins in a
district that is the heart of sort of
Trump country in in western New York 25
points again for Trump in 2016 Collins
the first member of Congress to endorse
him but I think because of this
indictment is sitting there in a
dogfight now as we hinted in Utah's
fourth congressional district Republican
congresswoman Mia love is dead even with
the Democratic mayor of Salt Lake City
ben mcadams they're both at 46% in the
Salt Lake Tribune Hinckley Institute of
Politics poll which also shows split
ticket voting in the Senate race with
Republican Mitt Romney dominating in
polls there in Florida's 26
congressional district which voted for
Hillary Clinton in 2016 in Barack Obama
in 2012 Republican Republican
congressman Carlos Kibeho has a slight
edge over Democrat Debbie
Lucas L Powell 46 to 45 in the
mason-dixon Telemundo 51
yeah Carlos is doing is been doing a
pretty good job
from the very beginning trying to
separate himself from Donald Trump and
represent the district more
ideologically so Steve let's look at a
couple other races with a West Virginia
poll which of course talk about Trump
country West Virginia the Trump 'ya
state in the nation and yet here we have
a very close race again within the
margin of error between the Republican
and the Democrat yeah let me let me say
first of all that number you're looking
up at your screen this is exclusive The
Morning Joe this is the first time
anybody in the world is seeing this
number our friends at Monmouth were kind
enough to let us release this here so
you can see Carol Miller the Republican
leading Richard Oh Jetta this is a
district that Donald Trump carried by 50
points in 2016 you talk about that
migration of West Virginia from the
Democratic column as recently as the
1990s to a state that Trump won by 42
points this district sort of captures
that in terms of what Trump did in 2016
I think there is a bigger sort of story
to point out here if you look at this
poll in West Virginia if you look at the
poll in New York with Chris Collins you
just put up and you look at the poll in
Utah with Mia love these are three
examples where there are local district
specific or candidate specific factors
that are at play here and endangering
seats for Republicans that shouldn't be
in danger there's in West Virginia three
for obvious reasons Chris Collins
because of the indictment Utah out there
you've got a state that has just been
allergic to a deep red state that has
been allergic to Donald Trump and when
you start looking about looking at that
path to a 23 seat gain for Democrats if
they could pick off a couple of
districts like this that could go a long
way if they fall short in a couple other
places but they pick up a couple that in
normal times they would have no business
picking up that can be a difference
maker right there so I think you're
seeing that in three potential places
here with these new polls you know Steve
we've been talking about the Cavanaugh
effect for the past week or so and all
the polling and if you actually went to
the upshot perhaps it was just random
selection but if you went to the upshot
for the weeks during and after
the Cavanaugh hearings you would see one
Republican after another actually
winning House races now it seems to be
the Democrats that are doing doing
better in Virginia ten which of course
is Barbra Comstock's Northern Virginia
District that's been a tough one for her
all along
Jennifer Wexton the Democrat ahead of
her there by seven points this is one of
those suburban districts that are gonna
be so hard for Republicans to hold well
right and again III
here's my question when you get to house
a sort of races like this the question I
have is is there a a post Cavanaugh
effect where districts like this that
you're looking at here the suburbs of
Washington DC a place Hillary Clinton
won by 10 points in 2016 is the
democratic energy especially post
Cavanaugh so strong in places like this
that you're gonna get a series of giant
blue waves in districts like this in New
Jersey outside Denver outside Kansas
City outside Chicago outside Washington
DC the question I have though is when
you go to the next level of district a
place where Donald Trump maybe did a
little bit better in 2016 maybe narrowly
won it maybe won it by you know a five
to eight point margin those districts
that Democrats have been targeting where
they've been getting a lot of good news
positive indicators all year when I
think we still need to see here we're
just going to need more polling on this
we need to see if there is a post
Cavanaugh effect that is solidifying
Republicans in those places and
potentially narrowing some what the
options were Democrats where Democrats
could be doing even better now in the
suburban areas but sort of the the extra
layer on top of that they've been hoping
for I want to see how they're doing
there why Mickey you know we've been
talking an awful lot about how the
Cavanaugh hearings impact red states
like Tennessee Texas Missouri but I'll
tell you why it no doubt it's it's
helped for at least a week after the
Cavanaugh hearings it certainly helped
Republican candidates there but if
winning the house depends on not
offending some suburban voters any more
than Donald Trump already has then
they're going to be a nightmare and
though
suburban districts the Cavanaugh
hearings will have the opposite effect
in those districts for Democrats and all
actually I agree actually helped
Democrats a good bit I was I was
predicting more of a net net effect of
both Democrats and Republicans getting
riled up post Cavanaugh right and for
the same reasons but they're on the
opposite side of the argument so I
wasn't sure if it was really going to be
a massive boost for Democrats across the
board
well I mean no doubt it's going to help
Republicans in red states at least on
the margins we'll see we'll see what it
looks like three weeks from now but
certainly the suburban districts in
California the one that Barbara
Comstock's fighting in right now I'm
sure Barbara and and other candidates
like that Steve would just as soon not
hear the words Cavanaugh again over the
next twenty one day so let's go to
Colorado six where Democrat Jason crow
has a comfortable lead over Mike Kaufman
who is the incumbent yeah and again this
is this is exactly what I was talking
about we should say this is this is
still a poll with the it's incomplete at
this point there might be some more
numbers that that changed a little bit
but it's consistent I think with what
expectations are in this district again
suburban district Hillary Clinton did
very well here in 2016 and again if you
have this idea potentially of to
Cavanaugh effects this is where you
would expect to see this helping
Democrats and energizing Democrats in
the outside Chicago I said there's
there's a some examples there as well I
think the issue here for Democrats is
when you start looking at districts that
fit this profile if the overall number
they need to hit is 23 you can very
quickly get yourself past a dozen past a
dozen pickups that will it look like
they're right there a couple other
extras like we were talking about the
question is what's on top of that so
let's find another district here we are
the next one that they upshots reporting
on this one New Jersey 11th you love the
congressional district is usually a
reliably Republican district and again
you have to ask yourself is this post
Cavanaugh as well are we seeing the
opposite effect for these races and
traditionally democratic states this
being a traditionally Republican area
but here you have another
look at incumbent in big trouble in in
this by 15 points spread right now in
the 11th district yeah this is Morris
County New Jersey this was traditionally
certainly he go back to the 80s 90s even
Bush Oh for very Republican area it been
trending more toward the Democrats in
2016 Hillary Clinton didn't carry this
but she came about as close as you can
to to carrying it without getting there
about at one point loss for her in 2016
so it's been at the top of the list for
Democrats in terms of a target the
longtime Republican incumbent in this
district
Rodney Frelinghuysen decided not to seek
reelection he was gonna look at his
first competitive re-election probably
in his career Democrats have gotten
behind a Mikey Cheryl big money behind
her and yeah I think it's exactly what
you're saying the districts that fit
this demographic profile suburban a
little bit higher income
college-educated especially where
there's even a longer term trend over
the last decade or so away from the
Republican Party post Cavanaugh yeah I
think if you were looking for a surge in
democratic energy and even an improved
prospects for them there I think you are
seeing that in some of these numbers and
and of course as you said that that's
Rodney's old seat and Weber is a state
representative not the incumbent we go
now to Kansas 3 maybe you can tell us
give us some insight what's going on
there a Republican incumbent losing by
14 points there to Charisse David's 50
to 37% by 13 percentage points yeah and
again it's just I guess I'll sound like
a broken record but this is Johnson
County basically this is this is the
suburbs this is Kansas City you know
bedroom community suburbs this is a
district that Hillary Clinton actually
carried in 2016 she carried this by one
point a know it we Lincoln Kansas and we
think a deep red but when you get right
in and around Kansas City Kansas in the
bedroom communities outside of there you
know you get again that that recipe
there of higher income a little bit more
moderate culturally already didn't seem
crazy about Donald Trump then you mix in
you know the the factors we're talking
about right now
Willie you look at these these races
again in a lot of these suburban areas
and
you're having Republicans and Republican
incumbents even getting trounced right
now and you do have to wonder these are
the latest folds to come up on the
upshot a week ago everything was
trending Republican now trending
Democratic you have to wonder whether
the Cavanaugh hearings are having the
opposite effect in the house than they
had in the Senate yeah well you had that
last race you talked about in Kansas a
strong woman candidate they're looking
to defeat an incumbent Steve let's talk
about Texas real quick because we didn't
come in with the ad about Ted Cruz in
Whataburger we had better work
announcing thirty eight million dollars
in to his campaign in the third quarter
setting a record for a US Senate race
for more than an eight hundred and two
thousand donors you've got the glossy
national profiles and yet Ted Cruz still
in that most recent poll was up nine
points do you see any movement here I
mean it's tough not to compare that
nine-point Cruz leading that poll to the
result of the 2016 election in Texas
which was Donald Trump by nine points
and that was a bit of an improvement
from Democrats Romney and won it by 16
in 2012 we've talked so much about the
longer term demographic trends and
possibilities for Democrats but I think
Texas is still Texas and in every poll
I've seen since Labor Day in this race
with one exception there was one race
one poll I should say that beta o'rourke
ahead by two points every other poll
I've seen it I think it's about eight of
them at this point has had Ted Cruz
ahead generally by more than five points
so the the totality of evidence suggests
that when it comes to this race Texas is
still Texas especially post Cavanaugh
three weeks ago Jean yeah well you know
Texas is still Texas but I'm curious you
know they shrank that that promised Ted
Cruz rally it doesn't look like a Rorick
and really jump you know get across the
bar but this this is something funny
about that race still to be that they're
still do you think that's really out of
reach for the Democrats
Steve board or do you think there is a
possibility of a surprise there yeah no
I wouldn't call it at a retail you know
I would just say it fits with that
pattern we
so you talk about this split between
these suburban house districts and
Senate races in red states I mean we've
seen across the board North Dakota
Tennessee Texas maybe even into
Republican areas of Nevada we've seen a
trend here post Cavanaugh that's really
solidified the Republican position there
but look it's true if things can't
change over the last three weeks like
they've changed it certainly could
change over the final three weeks -
Steve the snapshot that we've looked at
of all these races today is very
interesting what about the exhaustion
factor in voter turnout what's gonna
happen you have any sense of voter
turnout I to me the variable when you
start there's there's two variables I'm
particularly interested when it comes to
turnout number one all year there was
this gap Democrats versus Republicans
and the Democratic energy has been off
the charts all year maybe even more off
the charts post Cavanaugh but what we'd
seen in the last three weeks or so as
the Republicans getting closer
closing it to a level where they thought
they were starting to get competitive
again so I want to see does that hole
does that gap open up again over the
final few weeks the other big x factor
when it comes to turnout for Democrats
though is Hispanic voters and there are
a number of statewide races and there
are a number of key congressional races
especially California Texas into Florida
a few other places where the Democrats I
think need to be worrying about getting
higher hispanic energy to really
maximize their potential all right see
if i think we covered all 435
congressional districts and only you can
do it that well steve Kornacki thanks so
much
Steve's book of course the red and the
blue the 1990s in the birth of political
tribalism and still ahead here on
Morning Joe just a day after the
president called him sort of a Democrat
defense secretary James Madison setting
the record straight that's coming up on
Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
