good evening from New York I'm Chris
Hayes when it comes to the danger of
publican partisan attacks in the special
counsel coming from the President of the
United States and his allies Supreme
Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh has a
clear opinion quote sustained
presidential and presidential II
directed criticism of the independent
counsel eventually will have an impact
on a large percentage of the citizens
and on their opinion of the independent
counsel a truly energetic political
campaign to destroy the credibility of
an independent counsel is an effort to
obtain a hung jury and there's a real
danger it will work in all but the most
clear-cut cases of guilt that was
written by Trump's nominee the Supreme
Court in 1998 in the midst of the Ken
Starr investigation of President Bill
Clinton but boy howdy is it relevant to
the GOP spectacle today in the House of
Representatives ironically the man
Republicans have spent the past nine
hours her ranking FBI agent Peter struck
maybe and listen to this this is
important maybe this single person
Donald Trump most owes his presidency to
more than James Comey more than Vladimir
Putin because in the summer of 2016
after WikiLeaks released stolen material
from the DNC after Donald Trump publicly
looked into a camera microphone and
asked Russia to hack his opponent it was
FBI agent Peter struck who helped open
the counterintelligence probe to find
out whether a foreign adversary engaged
in criminal sabotage of the US election
was actively conspiring with members of
her presidential campaign we know from
Struck's text messages from his
testimony today he was not a big fan of
Donald Trump and yet while the New York
Times published a misleading headline
about Trump campaigns ties to Russia
while James Comey was giving public
updates on the Hillary Clinton email
probe
Peter struck held his hand information
about the most explosive investigation
in recent political memory possibly in
American history never leaked a thing in
the summer of 2016 I was one of a
handful of people who knew the details
of Russian intellect Russian election
interference and its possible
connections with members of the Trump
campaign
this information had the potential to
derail and quite possibly defeat mr.
Trump but the thought of expressing that
or exposing that information never
crossed my mind the president frankly
she built a monument to Peter struck to
thank him for his discretion his
professionalism the FBI's investigation
now led by special counsel Robert Mahler
continues to this day it's far from over
and we still do not know the truth about
what happened the probe has already
resulted in over a dozen indictments and
multiple guilty pleas as Democrats
pointed out in today's hearing also
today we got our first look at the mug
shot of Paul Manafort the former
campaign chairman the President of the
United States whose motion to be
released from jail ahead of his first
trial was denied earlier today all of
that explains my house Republicans spent
hours today berating Peter struck over
unsupported claims of anti-trump bias in
his professional duties
it's exactly what Brett Kavanaugh
described in 1998 quote a truly
energetic political campaign to destroy
the credibility of an independent
counsel they personally attacked struck
who had texted about the president with
an FBI lawyer with whom he was having an
affair the disgraced mr. what this man
has done gentleman from Texas will
suspend for a moment is the disgrace and
it won't be recaptured any time soon
because of the damage you've done to the
justice system and I've talked to FBI
agents around the country you've
embarrassed them you've embarrassed
yourself and I can't help but wonder
when I see you looking there with a
little smirk so how many times did you
look so innocent into your wife's eyes
and lied to her about
Jeremie this outrage your inability of a
witness shame medication that was one of
many eruptions among lawmakers on the
committee especially as Republicans
threatened to hold struck in contempt
for declining to disclose information
about the ongoing Russia Pro struct by
contrast kept his cool over hours and
hours of testimony defending both the
FBI and his own conduct working on the
investigation I can assure you mr.
chairman at no time in any of these
texts did those personal beliefs ever
enter into the realm of any action I
took furthermore this isn't just me
sitting here telling you you don't have
to take my word for it at every step at
every investigative decision there are
multiple layers of people above me
the assistant director executive
assistant director deputy director and
director of the FBI and multiple layers
of people below me section Chiefs
supervisors unit Chiefs case agents and
analysts all of whom were involved in
all of these decisions they would not
tolerate any improper behavior in me any
more than I would tolerate it in them
that is who we are as the FBI in the
suggestion that I and some dark chamber
somewhere in the FBI would somehow cast
aside all of these procedures all of
these safeguards and somehow be able to
do this is astounding to me it simply
couldn't happen and the proposition that
that is going on that it might occur
anywhere in the FBI deeply corrodes what
the FBI is an American society the
effectiveness of their mission and it is
deeply destructive big time the
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
