thing one tonight there's been a lot of
drama at this week's NATO summit
Brussels which seems to happen pretty
much everywhere the president goes you
may have seen this moment for instance
from the very first meeting over
breakfast
Germany is totally controlled by Russia
Germany as far as I'm concerned is
captive to Russia because it's getting
so much of its energy from Russia so
we're supposed to protect Germany it was
uncomfortable to say the least a lot of
people noticed chief of staff John Kelly
looked especially antsy fidgeting in his
seat looking away from Trump person his
lips and that was understandable but it
was the White House statement in
response that was especially weird they
could have just said don't be silly now
that had anything to do with grunt was
saying at the time but what they didn't
say was quote Kelly was displeased
because he was expecting a full
breakfast and there were only pastries
and cheese
now that really seemed unlikely to us at
the time because well first of all would
have loved pastries and cheese the
answer is no one but why would Sarah
Huckabee Sanders go out of her way to
make the White House chief of staff look
like a disgruntled customer and a hub it
was all made more suspicious today when
the NATO secretary-general who was at
the same breakfast says he left that
breakfast with a full tummy tum that's
thing too in 60 seconds
the White House could have said any
number of believable things in response
to questions about John Kelly's clear
discomfort with the president's comments
and a NATO breakfast this week but
instead they came up with a line about
the retired Marine Corps general being
hangry Sara B Sanders saying quote Kelly
was displeased because he was expecting
a full breakfast and there were only
pastries and cheese which is just a
really strange thing to say and seems
like maybe even a deliberate effort to
troll the chief of staff who according
to multiple reports may already be on
his way out now we got some more inside
information from the NATO
secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg who
when asked later about how the breakfast
went said that he
quote eggs and toast and orange juice
and some good fruit salad and it was
paid for by the United States now that
is a Grand Slam NATO breakfast but it
leaves us now with even more questions
like who is withholding delicious eggs
from John Kelly this Sara Huckabee
Stander's trying to read hen the chief
of staff and when will these other
nations start paying for their fair
share for breakfast we're going to stay
on this very important story hey there
are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
