try now by Ian Bremmer he's president of
the Eurasia Group mr. Bremer welcome sir
could be with you I got a little bit of
breaking news here from our friends
across the pond at the Sun they claim
this world exclusive and I want to get
you to quickly react to it this is from
the the sons political letter Donald
Trump warns Theresa May that are soft
brexit blueprint will kill any future
trade deal with the United States and
then they have this quote from an
interview with the president so he did a
interview with the son and he says this
if they do a deal like that we would be
dealing with the European Union instead
of dealing with the UK so it will
probably kill the deal President Trump
inserting himself into Teresa Mays
domestic politics in Trump also said
that he had told Prime Minister May how
he would have done brexit and that she
didn't listen to him so what do you do
look there's lots of reasons why the UK
is not going to get a separate trade
deal with the United States first of all
incredibly difficult to negotiate a deal
a new deal with this administration on
trade ask the Canadians ask the Mexicans
ask the Japanese why they're so
reluctant secondly the Brits actually do
not have the people even to negotiate
their brexit deal the trade
professionals they're trying as hard as
possible to actually hire and train
those people now we are many years away
from their ability to start negotiating
new deals and now Trump said he wouldn't
negotiate it if they moved forward with
the May deal so there are so many
reasons why this deal is not going to
happen
but certainly it's rubbing a little salt
into an extremely wounded UK prime
minister who's had an absolutely abysmal
week I was just going to say how is this
not the end
did he just I mean whatever you think of
President Trump if you're in the if
you're in Parliament and you're a member
of the of Teresa Mays party yeah the
Conservative Party you say to yourself
the special relationships done if we do
this oh yeah yeah I mean there's no
question that there's there's no special
relationship right now between the u.s.
and the UK though Trump is clearly much
more unhappy with the Germans broadly on
defense on
trade on energy and with merkel
specifically as a leader then he is with
the UK or with Prime Minister May and
also keep in mind nobody in the
Conservative Party wants this job right
now it's a poison chalice right so I
mean if she were to have a vote of
confidence in the Conservative Party
right now she would actually win it
she'd survive simply because you don't
want to do it in the middle of this that
would be the argument yep don't change
horses in midstream right let me ask you
about fallout from NATO it's I know
behind the scenes there are a lot of of
official US channels trying to calm
allies down what have you heard the
meeting was hijacked by President Trump
when he's in the room he only wants to
talk about the issues that he wants to
talk about wasn't using his advisors
didn't come armed with a lot of accurate
facts pressed the Germans most hard but
pressed everybody and the final
conversation that he said came to
agreement came to absolutely no specific
agreement from any government that was
in attendance though there was a desire
on the part of American NATO allies to
say we're working on this I mean kind of
sort of calm him down without offering
anything the good news is while they
didn't offer anything Trump didn't
threaten anything right I mean certainly
Trump's style of dealing with NATO is a
little different from Obama's I think we
can say that safely but in terms of
actually threatening to leave NATO to
not adhere to article 5 which says that
they'd be collective security the
American would defend their allies to
maybe pullout US troops in Germany at no
point in the meetings did he threaten
any of the allies that he was going to
do any of that at any particular time
and and absolutely allies were worried
that he might do that so in it it
strikes me that everything Trump's done
with this NATO meeting was done for
public consumption less for private
consumption so that takes us to Vladimir
Putin
yeah and that one-on-one it
how else do you explain the president's
public NATO behavior if it doesn't
involve Vladimir Putin well I do I do
think one of the reasons why Trump might
not be giving any ultimatums to NATO is
because this meeting is happening right
before Putin and so he wants to show
yeah I'm on board with the alliance I'm
pushing the Germans and others to spend
more I'm criticizing them on this
pipeline that goes directly to Russia
which he is by the way absolutely right
to criticize the Germans on but he at
the end of the meeting then undercut
himself by saying well maybe if we have
a better relationship with Russia that
pipeline won't be so much of an issue he
is clearly setting himself up to have a
fantastic meeting with Putin and when he
said at the beginning of the trip right
before he left that may be the best
meeting would be with Putin that's true
I mean you know what they doesn't want
him there the NATO allies don't want him
there but Putin actually is look looking
forward to seeing Helsinki well now
Ziggy there's no doubt and Putin seems
to have an agenda and I think the
question is he has something he wants to
get out of this a couple things he wants
to get out of this we don't know what
the president wants out of this what can
you tell us what is Putin won out of
this summit well I mean the fact that
he's meeting with Bibi Netanyahu I'd be
very interested to see if not in Yahoo
has a conversation with Trump right
before Trump meets with Putin that would
be an interesting last message to be
delivered from Putin as to what he
really wants in this meeting that I
think would be trusted by Trump so
that's interesting too what having to do
with Syria and Iran specifically
certainly could be could be on Israel
Palestine could be on arms I mean it's a
useful channel to deliver any message
gotcha
from Putin to Trump but secondarily we
know that Trump wants to remove US
troops from Syria against the advice
strong advice for secretary mattis Putin
would be delighted with that we know
that Trump has privately told the Allies
that Ukraine is corrupt he never says
that about Russia he'd like to come to
some sort of terms of saying Crimea was
bygones be bygones I could easily
imagine him saying something that feels
like formal recognition
let's put sanctions behind us let's be
more constructive so it's it's very
clear Trump wants to get on a much
better footing with Putin and yet the
Trump administration policies towards
Russia are actually in their substance
much harder line than the Obama
administration's were in terms of
sanctions in terms of providing weapons
for Ukraine I mean on a ho-ho in terms
of throwing diplomats out and and we
can't ignore that because you know Trump
is president he could have stopped those
policies from happening it's a it that
it's the most fascinating conundrum that
we deal with in this part of the it's
the administration speaks with one voice
on Russia
except for president Trump except for
president Trump and even people that
have left the Trump administration at
high levels said to me privately we
can't understand what's driving him on
Russia well there's plenty of people
that have versions of the answers of
what they think the answer is better Ian
Bremmer we will leave it there thank you
sir big this is right in here we lost
man hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
