enforcement officials are working around
the clock to keep all of the targets of
the explosive devices safe the
investigation is underway into who
specifically the suspect is and there
may be a clue in an image on the
explosive device sent to former CIA
director John Brennan sent to CNN
appears to display a parody a parody of
an Isis flag that's taken from a meme
that has been circulating since 2014
what does that mean this guy's about to
help us NBC's Ben Collins has been
reporting on the story Ben walk us
through this it's crazy to me yeah so
here's what we know we know that this is
a meme that's been around it's basically
it's a picture of an Isis flag but
instead of the flag itself instead of
the Arabic script there's it was like
fake naked ladies on there and it says
get er done on it it's a it does that
mean it's a Larry the Cable Guy joke
it's like it's not that sophisticated
this is not a smart thing it's a troll
is what this is right it's meant to sort
of symbol like symbolize that he's on
one side this is from a conservative
meme parody website from 2014
it's been around pretty obscure meme
it's not like it's not like those big
all right troll memes this was in a very
like very specific blog from 2014 that
really didn't get a lot of traction tell
me a little bit more about the group
behind the meme who are they what are
they represent yeah it's just some guy
really it's a guy in Scottsdale Arizona
who made a who made a meme in 2014 it's
been around like conservative like web
forums not like young people like 4chan
stuff I'm talking like you know people
who follow the Drudge Report and Fox
News and stuff like that it's that sort
of circle so that that's what you're
seeing right now is this is not a this
is not a meme meant to you know ascribe
any sort of direct malice it's not a
real great clue but it does show you
what part of the ecosystem me at least
drew this one image from hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
