moments ago the Department of Homeland
Security released a joint statement from
HHS Secretary Alexis our DHS secretary
Kirsten Nilson and attorneys general
Jeff session stating that the Trump
administration has completed
reunification of the eligible children
under the age of five who were separated
from their parents at the southern
border but the administration said
earlier this week that not all of the
103 very young children who were in
their custody are able to be reunited
the Wall Street Journal reports that the
administration plans to ask a judge to
consider giving asylum seeking parents
arrested at the border a choice of
agreeing to remain in custody with their
children during immigration proceedings
or release the children to authorities
to be placed with a sponsor after
President Trump addressed the migrant
families in crisis by declaring don't
come to our country illegally vice news
relays the story of a 27 year old man
named Jose who requested asylum and did
not cross the border illegally but was
still separated from his three-year-old
son in mid-may he was told the child was
being taken to the bathroom they were
reunited this week the LA Times has
reported through records and interviews
that many asylum seeking families who
presented themselves legally had been
separated joining us now best-selling
authors a gnat's Albie and from McAllen
Texas MSNBC correspondent Mariana
Atencio Mariana let's start with you
you've spoken to lawyers working with
migrant parents who've been separated
from their children what have you heard
mica we came here on the ground to see
if these reunifications are actually
going to happen because we saw the
administration really struggle to
reunify the youngest kids the 103 under
5 and I just want to run through these
numbers quickly with you first that
statement put out this morning by HHS
so out of the 103 kids under 5 they were
able to reunify 50
seven out of seven a.m. this morning 46
of the kids Myka are not eligible for
reunification that's either because
their parents were deported without them
we know of 12 parents that have been
deported without their kids or they were
safety concerns regarding the parents or
the kids were brought here with someone
who wasn't actually their mom or dad but
this is just the preview mica this
paints a picture at the very daunting
deadline ahead in two weeks time for
this administration to be able to
reunify more than 2,000 of the other
children that's why we came here and
we've been reporting in front of the
Port Isabel detention facility where 400
of these mostly my grandmother's
separated from their kids are being
detained in what one lawyer referred to
as a prison we were not allowed inside
so we talked to this volunteer lawyer
Jody Goodwin she goes in every other day
to try to talk to these mothers she is
our eyes and ears in there and I asked
her have you seen any movement toward
these reunifications happening she says
there is no plan mica she says there is
absolutely no knowledge of this
happening and these mothers are getting
increasingly distraught because not only
are they having to try to get back
together with their kids but they're
also trying to process their asylum
claims in parallel this is how she
described the heart-wrenching process
let's listen the government puts every
obstacle that you can imagine in front
of these individual asylum seekers so
that they will give up they want them to
take a deport they tell them if you give
up your asylum claim will reunify with
your child and that's extortion
extortion for the body of a child that's
inhumane it's inconceivable but that's
what our government is doing
extortion for the body of a child it
goes back to that Washington Post
reporting that you mentioned at the top
of our conversation here and one thing
that is sort of bewildering to us Mika
is why these mothers are being held here
in a place that is not fit for children
right kids can't be housed there so if
the mothers are in there and the kids
are scattered in shelters all over the
country it is hard to reconcile where
and when these reunifications are gonna
happen in the timely max Mika all right
Mariana Atencio thank you so much
zeyneb can you explain a little bit the
difference between people's the view of
America and our values and the rest of
the world and how this policy perhaps
help takes our value and deteriorates it
in terms of who we are values are the
exact right question in here if we are
reporting the same news about some other
country all of America Republican and
Democrats will be horrified at this
other country and now this is happening
in America you know so let's remember a
few things one is what is it seinem
seekers mean your life must be in hell
as someone who is an immigrant myself in
this country your life must go you go
and through hell before you decide to
leave your country because nothing is
better than instability of your own home
so people who are asking asylum here
they're really risking their safety
their stability their well-being their
their health and they believe that this
is the country that provides freedom
democracy Liberty respect all of these
things we are losing these values
regardless of which party again we're
losing these values so that's one thing
second thing the terminologies that were
using about these kids catching and
release is like inhumane terminologies
the administration is using and a lot of
us are using this is you know this is
how you do fishing not how you deal with
immigrants or with asylum seekers who
have been tortured and risk all these
things and so we are losing values and
these values we all have to fight for it
this is not about parties this is about
our humanity and we are losing aspects
of that all right let's bring in our
Democrat
Congressman Joaquin Castro of Texas he's
a member of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee we'll get to the NATO summit
in just a moment but first congressman I
want to get your thoughts on the
separation policy what we're seeing at
the border we got news today from HHS
that 57 of the 103 children under the
age of five have been reunified the
other 46 do not qualify under the
standards set by HHS can you help
Americans at home we don't have time to
study every in and out of this process
understand why this takes so long if you
have a child and a parent why has it
been weeks and weeks and weeks that many
of these kids have been separated well
it's a fair question but it's also very
hard for me to do that because like
millions of Americans I'm baffled by
that myself not only did the Trump
administration make a decision to
inhumanely separate young children from
their mothers and fathers but at the
time that they did it it's become very
clear that there was no plan in place to
either keep track of the children and
the parents which we've asked for from
couple to receive in Congress and have
not gotten but there was also no plan in
place to reunify these folks and so
that's why they basically blown past the
judges deadline and only about half of
these kids have been reunited with their
parents I asked a question in a court of
HIPAA fair to afford affairs here
yesterday of the State Department about
the State Department's role in all of
this because if you think about it some
of these parents have been deported and
they may be sitting in what the malla
oral dudas well HHS doesn't have an
outpost in those countries it's the
State Department that's got to help in
the reunification process and I have not
gotten an answer to that question you
know Congress looks to a lot of people
watching the outside there are too many
people standing around helpless that
they can't do anything themselves and
they're counting on people like you in
the United States Congress to bang down
the door of HHS and DHS and get
something done what pressure can you
continue to put on to see that these
kids are finally reunited with their
families I mean we are basic and you're
right and I think many members of
Congress here feel that weight and that
pressure of the nation basically asking
us to respond and so we're trying every
angle every angle legislatively calling
writing letters doing everything we can
badgering these folks
you've seen people in the streets
protesting marching I mean it's
basically all hands on deck
Jeremy congressman good morning it's
Jeremy Peters so the cause of abolishing
ice has become elevated as an issue on
the Left right now and I think a lot of
people are a lot of politicians people
trying to run for office and and join
you there in in the Democratic caucus in
Congress are saying that and and and I
don't know that a whole lot of people
really understand what that means to
abolish ice given that ice does perform
a lot of functions like combating drug
trafficking or child pornography that
are I think we could all agree essential
so is this abolish ice debate really
constructive and where do you come down
on it should ice be abolished well you
know I think what you're seeing is
people's frustration with an
organization an agency where there's
been a lot of abuse too much corruption
and too much secrecy like we're seeing
now and so because of that there's been
a reaction to abolish ice but you're
right ice is a large federal agency and
it's not just an enforcement agency they
perform other functions like tracking
down human traffickers so obviously
you're not going to get rid of that
function what I do think we need to do
is take the enforcement and removal part
of what they do and go start over and
place it somewhere else and I also think
that we got to continue to have this
discussion I disagree with folks who
basically just want to put this
discussion in the corner and leave it
alone because it may be too politically
hot nothing ever changes if you avoid
topics that are tough to talk about so
I'm glad we're talking about it so I
want to turn to the president's
convulsive diatribe press conference at
the NATO summit full of lies and then
ending with a blithering answer that
didn't even make any sense about Africa
peace and building up our military but
hopefully not being able to use it
whatever that meant but there are a lot
of problems with that press conference
and what we saw was the president doing
that on the world stage but also
Congress saying no but also Republicans
saying no NATO is important no mr.
president we're going to push back
what can Democrats do to make their
Republican counterparts feel more
comfortable about standing up to this
president when he is clearly out of line
when something is clearly wrong and not
right what what give what what
negotiating to what what space can
Democrats give Republicans to do this
look I mean we've tried over and over to
work with Republicans and some of them
have worked with us on specific issues
issues where I know that some of them
sometimes vehemently disagree with the
president but you got to realize that
because we're in a political season and
you still have some primaries that are
coming up and the Republicans are
deathly afraid of a president Trump
turning the Republican base on them it
makes it very tough not only on domestic
issues but also on issues of Foreign
Affairs and I'll tell you this president
as being about as destructive as you can
be in terms of our alliances around the
world and I think what you're going to
see and what we are seeing is nations
start to slowly turn away from the
United States and seek allies and
partners elsewhere all right congressman
Joaquin Castro thank you very much
saying that I wonder what your takeaway
and what stood out to you in the
president's press conference well it's
exactly what the congressman said
Nations now are looking and people in
the streets of Turkey and other in
Germany all of that looking at
establishing new alliances in here some
of these alliances not may not be in our
interest he is endorsing he is actually
popularizing not only Putin but all the
one who is practically a dictator right
now in Turkey and so he's you know again
I want to take it back to American
values American values stood for some
things these are being eroded right now
and being discredited right now and when
they are being discredited new alliances
are happening and these alliances are
against American interests we have to
remember NATO was the first group of
people who stood up for America right
after September 11 NATO was the first
group of people were countries who stood
up for America in every its or all of
its Wars all of its political
international debate and so
we are actually jeopardizing that so
this is what it is you know or don't
hunt for example there's a picture
yesterday of my president Trump were
there working with Erdogan you know it's
practically a dictator right now he
might really found himself walking with
and then that sees what actually what he
doesn't realize he's giving credibility
to these authoritarian leaders who then
legitimize themselves even much more in
their own countries and in their own
regions so we are losing far more on the
long term than we may think that we are
right now say man thank you this
president does understand the symbolic
nature of his actions yeah and Jon you
were talking about truth a few minutes
ago or maybe it was a few hours ago it's
been a long morning and the president
this morning what he did came out for 40
minutes and made a grand statement that
he'd gone in and shaken up NATO and
gotten what he wanted they're gonna
commit more money to it France president
Mike Rome comes out right after it says
we did no such thing
yeah and this is the age in which we
live and it's gonna keep rolling this
way because he's not gonna change yeah
all right zineb spoke forthcoming is
freedom is an inside job owning our
darkness and our light to heal ourselves
in the world look forward to that I got
a preview the president still has hours
worth of events today in the UK stay
with MSNBC for all the fast-moving
developments and some big events
tomorrow during Morning Joe and Morning
Joe first look thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
