joining us now Pulitzer prize-winning
author and presidential historian Doris
Kearns Goodwin she's the author of the
forthcoming book leadership in turbulent
times also with us the host of MSNBC's
the last word lawrence O'Donnell who
also just wants everybody wants peace
and political reporter for The
Washington Post moderator of Washington
week on PBS Robert Costa good to have
you all on board this morning we've been
fact-checking the president in real time
it's all we can do as we cover this
story because it's a little bit too
difficult to let an entire set of lies
over the course of 40 minutes go across
the airwaves around the world without
fact tech checking something that is
clearly wrong so this president Doris
has a real way with the truth here and
on the world stage have you ever seen
anything like this before no what really
makes me sad I was thinking about this
trip that he's about to go now to
England and what a special relationship
is John knows the United States had
forever with England I'm starting with
Churchill giving that speech about the
Iron Curtain where he talked about the
special relationship and I think well he
was very popular in England he says but
very popular trust what really means is
you established a relationship so that
like when Churchill and Roosevelt are
together
they say it's fun to be in the second
same decade with you I wish I could be
with you all the time when when
Roosevelt dies and Churchill says I
don't know what I'm gonna do without
that man he's the truest farthest vision
of anybody and that relationship
cemented lend-lease where we did do
things and gave a lot of thing to a lot
of people and it won the war Russia was
first our adversary and then became our
friend things move around
do you remember John when supposedly at
when Churchill had to explain why
suddenly he was for Russia because
Germany had invaded Russia so he said if
Germany invaded hell I'd have to say a
good word about the devil eyes get along
together but still the idea of
developing trust and having your friends
and your allies
be with you as they've been with us for
the last 70 years and then saying those
things and thinking you can turn it
around Trust is the most important thing
which he's lost with these other people
no matter what they say Lawrence
O'Donnell you know Joe I just want to
thank you for the
you did in the live coverage of the
speech we live back Jack the live
fact-checked which I needed I mean I
don't know what his approval rating is
and in England I don't have that might
have it is 11 percent the lowest ever
recorded for a first-year president but
what was it like sitting here with that
kind of challenge with all of this
coming at you and trying to send less
traffic exactly which one of these you
jump in on and that's actually what I
was kind of marveling at was when do you
jump in and what do you let slide it's a
tough thing to get through it's really a
tough thing for all of us and I'm sure
all of us have to figure out what do we
let pass like for instance is very
interesting at this stage I just I never
read his tweets unless they make
headlines it's not like I'm saying I'm
not gonna read his tweets I know he's
gonna insult our allies I know he's
going to insult people yeah I know he's
going to if they're gonna be racially
tinged I know what he's going to do and
it I think it's just a part of it's our
responsibility to sift through and
figure out what matters and and also
just how easily he lies they love me and
Britain no they actually if you hadn't
done that right we would then have to be
replaying every bit of this tape right
in fact trying to catch up with 40
minutes of this material I mean the way
you did it is the only way I can that
makes any sense tonight
I think actually Willie we all should
try to figure out how to do this in real
time there we don't interfere with the
news that comes out of the press
conference but we do get people the real
facts in real time because if he gets a
40-minute block right that's how he
succeeds it's one lie on top of another
lie on top of another lie on top of
another lie and pretty soon it's hard to
untangle all those lies in a way that
viewers and from supporters can digest
well he lays the foundation for a
narrative that he wants to continue in a
moment like that when he has the stage
so the narrative he was he was creating
today was that there was a problem he
came in he beat everybody up and he
walked out solving it and now NATO he
says is a fine-tuned machine well that's
not true he's telling the story that's
not true so before that foundation can
set before the concrete can set you've
got to pick it apart so that the people
watching the show the people the country
understand why it's so shaky you know
Bob Costas it seems every time you come
on the show I ask what Republicans on
the hill are going to do about the
latest latest I don't know what to call
it just aberration that comes from the
White House on policy or the latest Mis
statement from the president but I must
say over the past few days Republicans
on the hill have actually come out in
steadfast support for our NATO alliance
we've also seen the Secretary of State
do the same of course Secretary of State
maddis said when Donald Trump was
attacking NATO in the past NATO was so
important that if there weren't a NATO
we would have to create one so it does
seem in this one area almost all of
Washington is standing shoulder to
shoulder with our allies instead of the
President and they are also watching
very closely the president's
relationship with the United Kingdom
because they say yes there is a
relationship with the West and with NATO
but so many of these lawmakers
Republicans and Democrats here in
Washington are often seen at the British
Embassy are supporters of the special
relationship they see themselves as
Anglo files and they know that Teresa
may is government the Tory government is
in a fragile political moment
maybe looking to make a deal with the
United States on trade and they wonder
will this president take that same
transactional approach without talking
so much about history or moral values
just the transaction will he take that
same approach to a nation they really
value in the u.s. foreign policy
community the UK son meets him there's
also going to be a very highly symbolic
moment in this couple of days he's going
to bloom palace which is where and
November of 1874 that just come out by
the way why do you say that just comes
out of his head do you know for about 40
minutes he practiced that in front of
his new practice this way let's let's
see how you're ready okay here it comes
Winston Churchill was born seven and a
half months very very large very large
premature baby so Lord Randolph a huge
cat frisky yeah exactly
but anyway so he's gonna he's gonna try
to become Churchill here yeah get ready
for this and there is a great and I
didn't practice this I swear but there's
a great Churchill line from 1942 when he
was facing a vote of confidence in the
House of Commons things were going
terribly Singapore had fallen and
Churchill lays out the importance of
truth it's gonna launch this point in in
politics he said the British people can
face any misfortune with fortitude and
buoyancy as long as they're convinced
that those who are in charge of their
affairs are not deceiving them or not
themselves dwelling in a fool's paradise
it's a two prong test right he's not
lying to us and he's not lying to
himself Trump fails both those well and
I do believe people talked as if this
fever that we're going through is going
to last I don't believe it will and I do
believe at the end of the day it will be
his inability to tell the truth to the
American people and himself that will
bring him down politically do you know
Joe we have a certain miniature
narrative that you presented today about
what he said and what's actually true
that's the larger problem that I think
the country has to fight right now the
narrative that's being presented about
what's happening with the Supreme Court
what's happening with the last 50 years
of social justice what's going on in the
country right now unless that narrative
is countered the one that he's giving
the people then we really do have a
problem public sentiment is everything
in this country as Lincoln said with
public sentiment you have everything
without it you have nothing and the
narrative has to be rewritten by the
people who are against Trump right now
and he's winning the narrative in a lot
of ways well thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the days
biggest stories and you can click on any
of the videos around us to watch more 4
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
