let's bring leon panetta into the
conversation he served as White House
chief of staff to President Clinton and
then CIA director and Secretary of
Defense under President Obama so quite a
perspective you'll have to the dynamics
going on at the NATO summit from a chief
of staff's point of view I'd love to
hear that but also from the point of
view of the Secretary of Defense what do
you do with the president who goes rogue
with the facts on the world stage
well we've we've never seen anything
like this certainly in my lifetime and I
think the problem is that in the end
this is about protecting our national
security
it's about our foreign policy abroad and
it's built on on pillars that have been
established you know for 70 or more
years pillars of truth pillars of
respect pillars of strength pillars of a
willingness to cooperate with others
this president basically went in to NATO
and attacked every one of those pillars
and I think has undermine the kind of
fundamental trust you need in order to
be able to protect our national security
that's what people need to focus on
Secretary Panetta it's Willie guys that
your comparison is one a lot of people
have made which is that there is an
argument that these countries have to
live up to the 2% threshold and many of
them are not but as you've said this
isn't a Country Club where some members
aren't paying their dues this is a 70
year old body that has protected the
West that has historical importance that
the president doesn't seem to understand
no I got Secretary Gates has raised this
issue with regards to two percent I
raised it when I was Secretary of
Defense others have raised it and
obviously it was a concern that they
ought to be contributing more to that
relationship but it's Alliance it is a
national security alliance as I said
it's not a Country Club where you pay
fees and get rid of members it's an
alliance a military alliance and the
reality is that
that the president ignores the history
of that alliance and what it's done in
terms of fighting the Soviet Union
bringing down the the walls in Germany
helping us after 9/11 continuing to help
us in Afghanistan NATO is important to
our national security and very frankly
this this president is about marketing
himself as opposed to dealing with what
history is about he wants to go in he
wants to be showing that he's a bully he
can threaten people and that the only
reason they're responding is because
he's threatening them that's that's the
act that the president's engaged in here
and my concern is it undermines the
trust of those we need if we ever have
to face a national security threat
lawrence O'Donnell lianas lawrence
O'Donnell I I know you've had this
moment with presidents before and that
is the moment where you have a very
limited amount of time and you're trying
to get through to a president on
something that you disagree with in a
way that you're trying to steer the
president in a different direction if
you could have a moment like that with
President Trump if you could have
yesterday for example what would you
have boiled it down to in trying to
convey to him what you think he should
be trying to accomplish at that summit
well this president as he did today
taking credit for those nations that
have increased their contribution to
NATO I think he does deserve some credit
but he should have started the NATO
conference by taking credit for that and
then supporting the fact that the the
NATO alliance is strong that the United
States is committed to it and that it
will continue to provide the security
needs for the world
he didn't have to go in and do the
attacks that he did yesterday which
undermines the main storyline so he had
to come back today to try to see if he
could put that storyline back together
again
I think if you're a president that is
really trying to pay attention to how
you can best present the position of the
United States he could have done a hell
of a better job by beginning with a
victory speech rather than trying to
attack our allies Bob Costa Secretary
Panetta what do you believe the Russians
are going to pin President Putin are
going to try to get out of this meeting
with President Trump well I worry about
this meeting with with Putin because
again I I think that this president
walks into these meetings without
looking at history without looking at
the fact that he's dealing with an
adversary of the United States the
Russians are trying to undermine the
stability of the United States that's
been their goal they're undermining the
stability of our Western allies they are
an adversary I don't think he sees Putin
in that light and therefore he's going
to get he's going to go there a little
bit like going into the Kim meeting
shaking hands showing the world that to
two large leaders of big countries can
come together and I think Putin will
take advantage of that to show the world
that frankly he can have his way with
the United States that's the problem I'm
concerned with because we've shown
weakness here in this NATO conference
and now we're going to go to to Russia
and show weakness with Putin that is a
terrible message to send the world so we
have been serving as fact-checker Donald
Trump we have have someone also helping
us out here who happens to run France
Willie breaking this is extraordinary we
watched a 40 minute press conference
where the president Trump declared that
he changed NATO and got it ready to pay
up and pay more money
French president Matt Crone has just
denied president Trump's claim that NATO
powers agreed to increase defense
spending beyond previous targets so he
watched that press conference that I
didn't agree to any of that and now
Donald Trump will tweet against him as
he did against Trudeau maybe accusing
the French of scuffing their shoes to
try to make them sound too old
mr. secretary silly you know people like
you who have committed your lives to
this country I know you have great
respect for others who have done the
same and you understand the difficult
walk that they all have to make the
difficult journey I just wonder what
your thoughts are when you see a man who
served this country so proudly in John
Kelly and served this country proudly as
your military assistant sacrificed his
own son and then had to sit through what
John Kelly had to sit through yesterday
and grimaced as the president the United
States was tearing our NATO alliance to
shreds and then have the White House
claimed that he was angry because he is
such a petulant small man that he didn't
like the cheese that they were serving I
my gosh I just what do you even say to
that how do we how do you even deal how
does John Kelly even deal in that
environment you know I think that the
key to leadership in this country and I
recognize you know every president has
had to be politicals had to deal with
situations but truth is the fundamental
ingredient as to whether our democracy
will work or not if we're not speaking
the truth if we're constantly telling
untruth to the American people into the
world then we undermine our democracy
and in that moment while the president
is ranting at that breakfast I'm sure
John Kelly is thinking what damage is
this doing to our country and to our
alliance but because he's a marine he's
a first-class soldier he's dedicated to
this gun
tree I think when he hears that kind of
comment it probably turns his insights
you know into a grinder because because
he's seeing our country being hurt
that's the concern that I have this
president for all of the entertainment
value of this president he is doing
incredible damage to the integrity of
the United States John needs him
mr. secretary as someone who is dealt
with intelligence and have had to create
theories of the case help us think about
the allegations the the various
speculations about President Trump
and possible influence by the Russian
state or Russian interests on both the
campaign and possibly the presidency
going forward how should we think about
that well it's it's obvious that that
our intelligence agencies have clearly
established that the Russians try to
interfere in our election process and
the intelligence that I've seen in the
time that I was there and I'm sure the
president continues to see shows that
Russia continues to try to undermine the
security of our country and yet the
president acts as if those threats are
not serious that when Russia says they
had nothing to do with the attacks on
our election system he says I believe
them
and it raises a real concern about
whether or not this president truly
appreciates the fact that he is dealing
with an adversary of the United States
and of the world every president that
I've served and worked for under you
know these last 50 years every president
recognized the threat that Russia
constitutes to us and to the world this
is the first president who denies that
and I think I'm concerned by that fact
all right
Secretary Panetta thank you so much for
being with us this morning we greatly
appreciate it and thank you
for your service to our country thank
you thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
