here's what republican senator bob
Corker said today about the Trump
tariffs what worries me is the fact that
I know that no one at the White House
can articulate what it is they're hoping
to accomplish I mean there's numbers of
senators who've been over to talk with
them they come back over not a single
one of them has tomate knowledge any
idea where this is going that's what's
been certainly churning tonight's
international economics class is our
tonight's lecturer Austan Goolsbee
former chairman of the Council of
Economic Advisers for President Obama
and a professor now of economics at the
University of Chicago and professor
Goolsbee what does Donald Trump not
understand about what he's doing with
these tariffs every single thing what
does he understand I mean I would look I
was in the government under President
Obama for a number of years I've been to
a lot of presidential events a lot of
statements something happened today that
I have never seen in my life which is
when Donald Trump was speaking about
NATO and and of course it bled into his
discussion about the economy his own
staff we're looking at each other
like you know we can't believe what the
president is saying I've never seen that
before I think if you go down to the
Republicans in the Senate you may very
well see some signs up in the window of
their offices that say I'm being held
against my will they just don't want to
they don't want to publicly bring the
attacks from the base you saw senator
corker a person who's who has been
independent minded but he was punished
for that he's leaving the Senate and
he's being driven out by the very forces
that are leading to this kind of
craziness on tariffs on trade wars with
China with Canada with the European
Union with we're gonna rip up NATO we're
gonna ask Europe to spend more on
as a share of GDP than we spend I just
don't get it
I mean there's no evidence he he
understands any of those when Donald
Trump was a candidate he used to say
that he would raise tariffs and I would
immediately say here on television that
he absolutely cannot do that Congress
has the sole authority to raise or lower
'change tariffs in any way because of
course that section 232 was such an
obscure loophole it had only to do with
national defense it was inconceivable
that that could be applied to anything
Donald Trump was saying and I just
assumed that as soon as the president
would try to do something like that the
Congress would come to life and they
would use their jurisdiction and their
power and strike this down and they've
been very slow but we've seen we're
seeing movement finally do you think the
vote we saw in the Senate today is the
beginning of what will be a real
separation between the President and at
least Republican senators on tariffs you
know I hope so but what we've seen from
the administration is a kind of a
dangerous disregard of of law you know
and in this case the Constitution can
say that Congress is in charge of the
tariffs and the all precedent and law
can say Congress is in charge of the
tariffs and the president and the
administration can get up and literally
say that he wants to put tariffs on
Canada because he feels that it's a
threat to national security and it's so
obviously not legal under Section 232
and yet even if Congress does what they
did today and say but that's not what
the law means how would you enforce it
you know so I hope to start seeing a
little more independence a little more
check and balance coming from that side
of the government that's the system I
think that was designed to do that but
I'm not at all confident that the
president would even respect what is
Congress's constitutional prerogative
which is to set those tariffs and it's
it's sure it's obvious that the
president doesn't understand that
Americans pay the tariffs it is the
American consumer the American business
that buys the foreign product that ends
up paying the tariff it is really just a
sales tax on Americans yes and it's even
worse than a sales tax on Americans
because a whole bunch of they released
this 200 page list of all the things
they're going to put tariffs on and
scores and scores of those products are
actually intermediate goods that is to
say things that are inputs into the
manufactured other products so steel for
examples used by auto manufacturers you
don't want to put sales taxes on things
that are inputs it did that that makes
no economic sense
Austan Goolsbee thank you very much for
joining us now thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
