a triple meat water burger too liberal
what does that even mean Ted I'm
everybody I know it takes his likes
water burger just as a consumer I'm a
big fan of eating White Castle burgers
I like their little burgers I don't even
know what that is there's not a White
Castle with the nine hundred miles of
Texas Ted maybe up in Canada huh
but not in Texas that was the new great
that's from a native Texan director
Richard Linklater hitting Ted Cruz over
his Canadian roots and for attacking
better O'Rourke's choice in fast food
back in August President Trump said he
would personally campaign in the Texas
Senate race tweeting I will be doing a
major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in
October I'm picking the biggest stadium
in Texas we can find awesome I confirmed
in the break it is Kyle Field Jojo Texas
am 102 thousand people so the venue then
for the rally on October 22nd is in an
arena that seats 8,000 people not the
biggest in the state or even in the area
nearby and our G Stadium home to the
Houston Texans has about 80,000 seats
the Toyota Center home to the Houston
Rockets 18,000 this just two weeks after
Democrat better O'Rourke and Willie
Nelson attracted more than 50,000 people
to a rally in Austin Texas the
candidates were meet tonight in San
Antonio for their second debate Joelle
says Richard Linklater dazed and
confused he directed dazed and confused
end of conversation say that commercial
is amazing but it does point out
something that as you know because you
were in Tennessee for four years yeah
what what self-respecting southerner or
Texan thrashes Whataburger and admits
that they like White Castle I mean well
it's tonio company by the way yeah yeah
but it's it's Whataburger it's crystal
and it's chick-fil-a that's that that's
your food pyramid in the south and in
Texas you're there there's no what I
mean there's no criticizing Whataburger
that's like manna from
yeah I mean I go chick-fil-a one that's
just me and Krystal at 2:00 a.m. if you
need 24 small burgers real quick that's
where you want to be of that Krystal to
find some luck now thank you they not
did they not have Whataburger up in
Tennessee for you you know I think it
was too early for that I mean I've had
it I know what it is I know it's good
but it wasn't was not central to our
late-night eating no well it was not
only what a burger was not only central
to our family's late-night eating it was
so good that is what we had for
Thanksgiving dinner right across from
what used to be Albertsons oh nine
North's night that it would get about 24
put them right in the middle of the
table and we'd have a very Whataburger
Thanksgiving it's a beautiful platter to
you lay it out with the whole thing with
w-with a job you and by the way we're we
need we need to start giving Whataburger
they sell Whataburger ketchup so we need
to start giving Whataburger ketchup is
departing gifts - I'm warning jello
guests thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
