and thanks to at home for joining us
this hour so they were trained spies
they were highly trained in terms of
espionage but also in terms of language
and accent and mannerisms they were
supposed to be able to blend right in
and sometime in the 1980s they arrived
in Canada now they arrived as a couple
they had false identities they had false
identities that had been stolen from
real Canadians apparently there had been
a little boy in the Montreal area in the
1960s whose name had been Donald
Heathfield
and sometime in the 1960s that little
child had had died in infancy there had
also been a little girl named Tracy
LeAnn Foley who had also died in the
Montreal area in the 1960s in childhood
decades later in the 1980s these two
Russian adults these two spies stole
those identities from those deceased
kids from the 1960s and under those
identities they started a fake life in
Toronto the couple lived in Toronto
through the 80s and into the 90s in the
90s as Donald Heathfield and Tracy LeAnn
Foley these fake identities they had two
sons their sons were born four years
apart after their sons were born in
Canada in the 90s the family moved
sometime in the mid to late 90s to
France where the father Donald
Heathfield went to grad school he was
fluent in French as well as English as
was his wife the family apparently spoke
both French and English at home with
their boys they didn't speak Russian at
home with their boys even though they
were from Russia and were native Russian
speakers their sons apparently had no
idea that their parents were Russian at
all when the story of they're very
unusual family was ultimately told the
boys would ultimately say they had no
inkling that their parents were Russian
they had never heard their parents speak
Russian they'd never heard their parents
speak about Russia they certainly had no
idea that their parents were Russian
spies although their their spy life
started in Canada though ultimately the
goal of this spy operation the reason
were deployed by Russian intelligence in
the first place was not to spy on Canada
but instead to spy ultimately on the
United States all that time in Canada
was like training wheels for Donald
Heathfield
and and Tracy Lee and Foley that was
their time where they got to acclimate
to the West build up their skills at
blending in in the West build up their
their plausible background as a worldly
but normal Canadian family and after
Donald Heath fields stint at grad school
in France in the late 90s they started
in Canada they went to France for him to
go to grad school then they finally did
it they moved to the United States and
Donald Heathfield enrolled in another
prestigious grad school program he
enrolled at the Kennedy School of
Government at Harvard and look we've got
a terrible photo of Donald Heathfield
at his Harvard graduation from the
Kennedy School in the year 2000 the
reason that we have this not great photo
this grainy photo taken from very far
away of him at that graduation in the
year 2000 is because this photo was
taken by the FBI because the FBI
apparently knew as soon as Donald
Heathfield and his purportedly Canadian
family got to the United States the FBI
apparently knew that they weren't
Canadians at all they were in fact
Russian spies living under deep cover
Donal Heathfield and Tracy Lynn Foley
had been living for two decades in
Canada and then in Europe before they
ever set foot in the United States to
start spying for Russia here we now know
that the FBI was onto them as spies as
soon as they got here so this is the FBI
photo of Donald Heathfield at his
Harvard graduation in 2000 there are
also FBI photos of his wife Tracy Leon
Foley at that graduation as well
ultimately a decade later in 2010 when
the federal indictment against these
spies was unsealed we would get tons of
detail on what this spy couple was
assigned to do here in the US by their
handlers in Russia we learned the goals
of why they were sent we learned their
specific assignments we learned how well
they did carrying out those specific
assignments for Moscow we learned how
they communicated with their handlers
back home in Moscow we learned their
codes their spy technology we got all of
it in the end
this is from the indictment from 2010
quote from in or about the 1990s up to
and including the present the defendants
and others known and unknown unlawfully
willfully and knowingly would and did
act in the United States as agents of a
foreign government specifically the
Russian Federation without prior
notification to the Attorney General as
required by law
the FBI is conducted a multi-year
investigation of a network of United
States based agents of the foreign
intelligence organ of the Russian
Federation the SVR the targets of the
FBI's investigation include covert SVR
agents who assumed false identities and
who are living in the US on long-term
deep-cover assignments these Russian
secret agents work to hide all
connections between themselves in Russia
even as they act at the direction and
under the control of the SVR these
secret agents are typically called
illegals the FBI's investigation has
revealed that a network of illegals is
now living and operating in the u.s. in
the service of one primary long-term
goal to become sufficiently Americanized
such that they can gather information
about the US for Russia and can
successfully recruit sources who are in
or are able to infiltrate US policy
making circles in this indictment Donal
T field and Tracy Lee and Foley were
called the Boston conspirators it says
in the indictment quote the Boston
conspirators have received info tasks
directives with respect to information
that Moscow Center wanted them to focus
on obtaining including among other
things US foreign policy for example a
Boston conspirators internet message
from in or about April 2006 set forth
the info tasks for May and June which is
that they should gather information
regarding US policy with regard to the
use of in the internet by terrorists US
policies in Central Asia problems with
US military policy and the Western
estimation of Russian foreign policy
quote a Boston conspirators electronic
message to Moscow Center from in or
about May 2006 focused on turnover at
the head of the CIA and the 2008 US
presidential election so the
see I unsealed this indictment in 2010
we got all this very specifically
directly quoted information about what
these spies had been told by Moscow to
do here and what they told Moscow what
they in fact carried out here under
Moscow's orders
we also learned all this technical spy
movie stuff about their secret
communications this is from the
indictment to further the aims of the
conspiracy Moscow Center has arranged
for the defendants clandestinely to
communicate with the Russian Federation
in particular the conspirators have used
the secret communication methods
described below radiograms and
steganography now that point reading the
indictment I'm as in total idiot I'm not
go steganography it must be a dinosaur
related code Museum of Natural History
there's the Stegosaurus and like under
the you know the hoof is it turns out
steganography has nothing to do with
dinosaurs it is an actual spy thing
according to the FBI quote steganography
is the process of secretin data in an
image Moscow Center uses steganographic
software that is not commercially
available the software package permits
the SVR to clen destiny insert encrypted
data in images that are posted on
publicly available websites without the
data being visible the encrypted data
can then be removed from the image and
decrypted also using software provided
by the SVR similarly SVR software can be
used to encrypt data and then to clen
destined lis embed that data in images
on publicly available websites the FBI
hopefully later released this photo of
online images of flowers to show some of
the actual online images that the
Russian illegals used to pass messages
back and forth with Moscow Center
messages encrypted in individual pixels
in these images of flowers crazy right
in an FBI search of Donald Heathfield
and Tracy Leon Foley's house in Boston
in 2006 quote law-enforcement agents
observed and forensic ly copied a set of
computer discs these password-protected
discs contained a steganography program
in
by the SVR and by the illegals so
they're using the superspy movie
technique of dead dropping encrypted
messages for their handlers back in
Moscow the messages are inside the
pixels of pictures of flowers online and
they use this spy software that encrypts
those messages and then can also UNCHR
opposed messages so the messages can be
read and that's how they're passing
information back and forth the Moscow
and we know all of this because the FBI
is on to it the FBI knows what they are
doing and watched them do it for years I
mean look at that time line here that
house search of the Boston town house
where the FBI grabbed an image the disks
with the steganography code stuff on it
that was July 2006 that was a full six
years after they were lurking at Harvard
secretly taking pictures of Donald
Heathfield at his graduation ceremony
that year the FBI was watching him and
surveilling them and collecting intel on
their operations for that whole six year
period the FBI during that time had also
put microphones inside the spies house
quote on or about October 3rd 2004 law
enforcement agents intercepted oral
communications taking place inside the
Boston town house Tracey LeAnn Foley
defendant was heard saying - Donald
Heathfield defendant quote can we attach
to files containing messages or not
let's say for pictures they're talking
about this
steganography code right they're talking
about transmitting secret messages home
to moscow center using the picture
encryption trick with the russian
software they've got on those
password-protected discs and they
apparently had no idea they shouldn't
talk out loud about that in their house
because the FBI had bugged their house
they had no clue how much the FBI was on
to them and the FBI was apparently on to
them for years down to the smallest
detail completely unbeknownst to these
trained spies the FBI was on to them for
the entire time that they were in the
United States so Donald Heathfield comes
to this country from France to go to
Harvard he graduates from Harvard in the
year 2000 the FBI is there at his
graduation January 23rd 2001 the FBI
gets into
safe-deposit box that he filled and
foley had opened up in cambridge mass
quote inside the cambridge safe deposit
box officials observed and photographed
a series of photographic negatives the
negatives appear to be of Tracy Liam
Foley when she was in her twenties on
all of the negatives of the younger
Foley save one the name of the company
that produced the film on which the
negatives were printed had been excised
meaning it had been cut off the negative
sheet but on one negative quote the name
of the film company remained visible
they missed one the FBI later published
pictures of these negatives that they
photographed inside the safety deposit
box and you can see from that see where
the red arrow is on just one of the
negatives there's this blurry little
tiny reference looks like Takuma you
google Takuma even now that means
absolutely nothing but if that is what
looks like TAC mob but it's actually in
Cyrillic if it's in the alphabet in
which the Russian language is written
then the C intact ma is actually what we
would think of as an S and so that
little single blurry mark that looks to
us like TAC MA in English and therefore
means nothing in Cyrillic its Tasman and
casma is in fact a manufacturer of
Russian film which means those negatives
were printed on Russian film which means
hey I think these guys are Russian and
that is probably why they cut that
identifying Cosmo reference almost all
but one of those negatives showing
pictures of a younger Tracy Lee Anne
Foley these pictures that were in that
safe-deposit box they forgot to cut the
reference off one of the negatives and
with that one reference still there the
FBI caught it and here's the best part
the FBI got into that safe-deposit box
and they found that out they found that
one tiny little marginal missed
reference on one negative
they found that January 2001 they
photographed it they took that evidence
the photographic evidence right they put
all the negatives back put everything
back as it was and they left left the
safe-deposit box there and then they
just kept surveilling heathfield and
Foley for years a full decade later in
2010 the FBI apparently had
to go back into that same safe-deposit
box again and those negatives including
the incriminating one with the Cyrillic
script on it those negatives are all
still there
a decade later because he field and
Foley had no idea that their
safe-deposit box had been spied on by
the FBI for a decade they had no idea
the FBI had been on to them for ten
years for all of those years going
through their safe-deposit box
photographing them miking their house
the FBI had secretly gone inside their
house on multiple occasions they had
photographed their notes and letters
they in fact had photographed at this
page from this notebook from donald
heath field which apparently includes
his handwritten notes on the 27 digit
password he needed to log into that
software that allowed him to encrypt his
messages in online pictures they had the
picture of the password code the FBI was
that up in their business for that many
years and these trained spies had no
clue by the time of their indictment in
2010 the FBI not only had detailed
descriptions of their trade craft and
verbatim instructions that they've
received from Moscow not only did they
have all the details of the means by
which they communicated with their
handlers they also had detailed
information critically including the
names of all the people who Donald
Heathfield
had approached in the United States as
part of his spying for Moscow he was
supposedly a guy with a Harvard degree
and good language skills who was working
at a consultancy in Cambridge but he was
using that as cover to spy for Russia
and it turns out he wasn't just
reporting back publicly available
information like there's a new CIA
director and there's a big election
underway he was getting information out
of individuals that he was reporting
back to Moscow individuals like a person
who had worked in Congress as a
legislative council an economics
professor who had live contacts in
Congress and with Washington
policymakers he reported to Moscow that
he had established contact with a former
high-ranking US government national
security official the FBI knows who that
was they didn't put their name in the
indictment but they watched that contact
happen and they watched it reported up
the chain by this spy he field also
appears to have made contact with the US
official working on nuclear weapons at a
US government research facility quote
had conversations with him about
research programs on small yield high
penetration nuclear warheads authorized
by US Congress ie nuclear bunker buster'
warheads it's not comforting that an
active Russian spy was making contact
with and communicating with US officials
who were actively involved in nuclear
weapons research in the United States
right that's that's alarming it is
slightly less alarming when you learned
that the FBI was watching them do it
every step of the way for years while
the spies had no idea the FBI was on to
them this is the counterintelligence
part of the FBI at work their job is to
counter foreign intelligence operations
inside the United States in the don t
field and Traci Leon Foley case you see
that work unfolding completely
undetected with this incredible level of
intrusive surveillance on these spies
over the course of a decade I mean this
must be incredibly hard to do without
being found out right it's also
unbelievably cinematic I mean this case
of the Russian illegals this spy ring
which was uncovered in 2010 it really is
what led to the TV series the Americans
in real life in this case there was a
side plot to Donald Heathfield and Tracy
Leon Foley specifically because their
sons who had been born in Toronto in the
90s those sons apparently had no idea
before their parents were arrested in
2010 that their parents had been spies
or that they were Russian that became
this dramatic legal battle in Canada
when the boys sued the Canadian
government to try to get their Canadian
citizenship back Canada was like we
don't care that you were born here
you're Russian and the voice were like
maybe but we don't speak Russian and
we've never we don't speak Russian we've
never been there so police can we be
Canadians again right this is the kind
of stuff that for obvious reasons ends
up making good movies and good TV series
but those movies and those TV series are
based on real life I mean this is a way
that governments fight each other this
is a way government's steal information
from each other and sabotage each other
this this potentially is a way that
governments can fall if you can use
clandestine operations like this to get
people loyal to a different government
into positions of power in your targeted
comes
you can essentially bring down that
country's government right that country
can fall before your intelligence
operation that's the worst case scenario
of operations like this are ever so
successful that they reach their highest
objectives the FBI now has a
public-facing website about the illegals
about that rush inspiring they headline
in operation ghost stories because that
was the FBI code name for that
investigation they called it ghost
stories because these spies used the
identities of dead people to start
building their legends in North America
the FBI says quote these Deep Cover
Russian spies may have not may not have
achieved their objective but they were
not idle they collected information and
transmitted transmitted it back to
Russia they were actively engaged in
what is known in the spy business as
spotting and assessing they identified
colleagues friends and others who might
be vulnerable targets they were trying
to co-opt people they encountered in the
academic environment who might one day
hold positions of power and influence
the most famous example of this tactic
took place in Great Britain in the 1930s
when Soviet intelligence talent spotters
were able to recruit Cambridge
University students who would later rise
to power in the British government and
become Soviet operatives during World
War two and into the 1950s quote we
believe the SVR illegals operating in
this country may well have hoped to do
the same thing here the SVR was in it
for the long haul the illegals were
content to wait in decades to obtain
their objective counterintelligence
division at the FBI pulled the plug on
these Russian illegals including Donald
Heathfield and Tracy Lee and Foley in
2010 under that indictment that was
unsealed in 2010 all in one day all
across the country they and all the
other illegals were all arrested and
sent home and a big highly publicized
spy swap the lead case agent for Donald
he field and Tracy LeAnn Foley at the
FBI the FBI agent who led this covert
FBI operation that monitored those two
Russian spies for years all the
surveillance that these trained spies
were unable to detect all the
intelligence collection from right under
their noses breaking their codes
miking their house and photographing
their notes and all the rest of it that
lead agent who ran that intrepid FBI
operation against Donald Heathfield and
Tracy Leon Foley was an FBI agent named
Peter struck being the lead agent on
Heathfield and Foley was just one of the
high-profile high stakes espionage cases
that Peter struck has worked on or led
at the FBI he actually won a medal for
his work on that one but he also worked
on other Russian spy rings in the US and
Chinese spy rings in the United States
over more than 20 years at the FBI he
rose to become the senior agent on all
espionage cases at the Washington field
office at the FBI ultimately he rose
from there to become the head of the
counterintelligence division for the
whole FBI in that capacity he ended up
involved in the investigation of Hillary
Clinton using a personal email address
when she was Secretary of State in that
capacity as head of counterintelligence
division ahead of the
counterintelligence division at the FBI
Peter struck was also assigned at the
very earliest stages to the FBI
investigation into Russian interference
in the 2016 presidential election and
Russian interest in the Donald Trump
presidential campaign you'll recall that
in the spring and early summer of 2016
foreign intelligence agencies and
governments started coming across
information and intelligence intercepts
about unexplained Russian involvement in
and support for Trump's presidential
campaign those foreign intelligence
agencies and governments notified the
CIA the CIA of course doesn't do work to
counter for intelligence operations
inside the United States that's the job
of the FBI that's the job that FBI agent
Peter struck was in charge of for the
FBI FBI started an investigation into
that matter in the summer of 2016 that
meant Peter struck was in charge of that
because of his career he was very
well-placed to do that work right
intimately intimately familiar with
Russian intelligence operations and
Russian intelligence efforts inside the
United States in his role as head of the
counterintelligence division at the FBI
he was literally the lead person in the
entire US government in charge of
stopping Russian operations inside the
United States
and he had decades of experience in that
and awards and indictments and dramatic
international spy swaps to show for it
that work also apparently gave him some
feelings about Russia and we know
something about how he felt about Russia
and its government and its intelligence
operations in part because reporters and
know the public have been explicably
been given access to structs personal
texts texts that he wrote to a woman at
the FBI with whom he was having an
affair as the FBI investigation into
Russian interference started up was just
starting up in the summer of 2016 and
Peter struck was working on that
investigation he exchanged texts with
Lisa Paige at the FBI apparently while
the two of them were each watching TV
footage of the Republican National
Convention now I'm gonna read you one of
those texts from Peter struck I'm not
going to swear when I read that text but
I want you to know that I'm going to
make an obvious allusion to a swear word
just in case you're watching with your
kid and you don't want your kid to hear
it ready alright one two three quote F
the cheating mother effing Russians
bastards I hate them I think they're the
worst
effing conniving cheating savages at
statecraft athletics you name it I'm
glad I am on Team USA yes peter structs
damning text messages President Trump
and the Republicans who support him in
Congress have decided that Peter structs
personal texts make him rightfully an
object of outrage and apoplectic
distraction on the right some of his
personal texts which have been made
public are in fact very critical of then
presidential candidate Donald Trump his
texts are also critical and profane and
snarky toward Hillary Clinton and Bernie
Sanders and Loretta Lynch and Eric
Holder in lots of other people besides
not to mention his swearing tirades
against the cheating mother effing
Russians the only active political
figure he expresses any positive
feelings about appears to be John Kasich
okay but struck was involved in the
initial stages of the investigation
because he was the lead
counterintelligence agent at the entire
FBI when that investigation came under
the purview of the Special Counsel
Robert Muller very quickly room
moved struck from the Special Counsel
investigation staff as soon as he found
out that struck had expressed political
opinions in his personal texts that
happened a year ago last July long
before any indictments were handed down
by the special counsels office but
Republicans have nevertheless seized on
Peter struck as some sort of easy mark
as the way they're gonna beat the Muller
investigation politically they think
they're gonna use him to make the whole
Russia investigation look so terrible
that maybe they can get the whole thing
shut down altogether or something a
couple of problems with that strategy
which we are gonna see in living color
over the next 24 hours including
starting tomorrow morning
one problem they've got is what his
actual job was at the FBI
he ran counterintelligence in this
country at the FBI destroying him says
something about congressional
Republicans view of the value of
counterintelligence at a time when there
is an active concern about that for a
lot of Americans for a lot of obvious
reasons that of course won't stop them
but that brings us to the other big
problem they've got with trying to make
Peter struck their get-out-of-jail-free
card on the Russia scandal turns out
he's not the world's greatest doormat
his lawyers public statements about
Peter structs eagerness to tell his
story and clear his name are evidence of
that Struck's lawyer telling the
Washington Post quote Peter Struck's
political conviction that a trump
presidency would be disastrous for
American national security is not based
on his bias it was based on information
that was available to him after the
Office of Inspector General report was
published which referenced Struck's
personal texts struck came out guns
blazing at Republicans trying to
downplay the importance of the Russia
investigation and to still play up
Hillary Clinton's emails instead lawyers
saying quote not every FBI investigation
is of equal importance to US national
security there's simply no equivalence
between an investigation of the possible
mishandling of classified information a
relatively commonplace occurrence in the
FBI's Washington field office and
credible evidence suggesting that the
presidential campaign of a major party
candidate was actively colluding with a
hostile foreign power in a way that
could undermine the integrity of an
American presidential election to
require senior Nash
security officials to profess fealty to
this false equivalence is short-sighted
and dangerous tomorrow there's going to
be an all-day spectacle that is going to
unfold on your TV screen starting at
10:00 a.m. Eastern Time Republicans in
the House have demanded an open ended
day of testimony from Peter struck they
already had him 11 to 11 hours behind
closed doors now they want to do it on
TV all day long tomorrow because they
think they can make Peter struck some
sort of national villain I'm not sure
they know exactly what they're in for
with this guy though given his history
given his career given the way has
responded to the way they have come
after him thus far it is clear that that
Peter struck whose career the
Republicans have now destroyed Peter
struck who was the lead national
security official in this country in
charge of countering Russian
intelligence operations on our soil this
guy is going to have hours and hours and
hours of public testimony tomorrow
starting at 10:00 a.m. and the
Republicans think that'll work out great
for them but it's clear that he has
tales to tell and he very much wants to
tell them and so this is gonna be worth
watching I'll be right back hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
