thing ones and I pick any issue any
issue and the chances are Donald Trump
will be very weirdly on the wrong side
of it asbestosis is a perfect example
yes that toxic stuff we used to use in
buildings which causes diseases that
kill about 15,000 Americans every year
as we've told you before on the show not
only did he say in his book that
asbestos was quote 100% safe when it's
applied and that the movement to remove
asbestos was a conspiracy led by the mob
the man testified in support of the
carcinogen before Congress in 2005 in
New York City we have a lot of asbestos
buildings and there's a whole debate
about asbestos I mean a lot of people
could say that if the World Trade Center
had asbestos it wouldn't have burned
down it wouldn't have melted okay a lot
of people think asbestos a lot of people
in my industry think asbestos is the
greatest fireproofing material ever ever
made and I can tell you that I've seen
tests of asbestos versus the the new
material that's being used and it's not
even a contest like a heavyweight
champion against a lightweight from high
school but in your great wisdom you
folks have said asbestos is a horrible
material so it has to be removed
that's our president that's the guy that
we elected the man the president United
States and that is why there is now
asbestos for sale in Russia with Donald
Trump's face on it seriously that's
thing do in 60 seconds
so Donald Trump is what you could call
an asbestos truther for decades he's
been spewing skepticism that the
carcinogen again responsible for tens of
thousands of deaths worldwide every year
banned in at least 60 countries isn't
really all that bad and now that he's
become president guess what his EPA has
cut back on regulating the stuff huh
funny how that works and this of course
is great news if you are a Russian
asbestos company this one your all's
vest which operates a giant asbestos
mine in the Ural Mountains is even
celebrating with Trump branded asbestos
you're Allah's best the best darn
asbestos in the Urals the company posted
these photos on Facebook showing pallets
of the stuff marked with a big red seal
depicting Trump's face and a phrase that
translates to approved by Donald Trump
45th President of the United States the
company which reportedly counts
president Russian President Vladimir
Putin as an ally also posted a comment
that a reason part quote Donald is on
our side oh yeah he sure is a lot of
people could say that if the World Trade
Center had asbestos it wouldn't have
burned down it wouldn't have melted okay
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
