I'm joined now by activist Nonna
Hartman's one of the organizers behind
the Trump baby blimp thank you for
joining us what are you trying to
achieve with this baby blimp well with
this giant inflatable Trump baby were
trying to protest basically Trump's
policies and his toxic politics but
we're kind of trying to do that with
with a humorous note and with the humor
what exactly are you trying to say about
Donald Trump well we went with a baby
because we feel that Trump's has a lot
of the characteristics of a baby such as
throwing your toys out of the pram or
throwing tantrums and we think that
those qualities are very problematic for
the leader of a nation so that's why we
decided to highlight those as you know
there's some evidence that Donald Trump
himself does not want to be perceived as
a baby is that part of your goal here is
that you hope to troll or enrage him
personally or is your goal more to
depict him this way to affect others
views of him we were not aware of I've
seen the quote about him saying that he
doesn't want to be compared to a baby we
weren't aware of that when we designed
the blimp I think what we were
considering when we were planning this
protest is kind of what would have an
effect so we've seen that moral outrage
doesn't work with Donald Trump he just
harnesses that outrage and kind of to
blame shift onto the people who he is
out raging general just normal diplomacy
doesn't work with him reasoning doesn't
work with him but he really hates being
mocked so that definitely came into play
when we were when we were designing the
blimp so what do you expect to happen at
these protests how do you hope they will
resonate both in your country and
potentially in ours this week
well I think one of the reasons why we
protest is to send a message to people
who have been affected by Trump's
disastrous policies migrants refugees
but also people who are affected by
climate change and and I guess one of
the messages that we're trying to send
is
that we're still here and we're still
resisting and you know there's still
someone on their side and from the
messages that we've had it seems to
really resonate and I feel we feel that
we've definitely accomplished at least
that goal with this protest
no no hurkman thank you thank you that's
the view from abroad but let's turn to
our panel and the wider context for this
Trump baby blimp we've noted on the show
Trump sensitive about these comparisons
he once asked his then campaign chair
Paul Manafort am I like a baby to you am
i an effing baby Paul and we know Trump
actually likes to hurl the baby insult
towards others
what the hell did he think he's like a
baby Nidhi apologize like a little baby
like a disgusting little weak pathetic
baby of course little babies can't
apologize because their babies and
babies can't talk now however absurd or
juvenile this discussion may seem at
times history also shows that for many
political leaders mockery can be more
upsetting than traditional policy
criticism you know journalist Victor
Navasky wrote a whole book documenting
how political cartoonists are so
influential because they push the
boundaries of polite criticism reporting
that Hitler was so incensed about
cartoons lamping lampooning him he even
secretly commissioned a book of cartoons
in response Frances King Philippe had an
artist imprisoned for drawing pictures
that depicted him is yes a pair so are
the Brits onto something we turn to our
panel Tony Schwartz CEO the energy
project Vox media is Liz plank who you
might have heard laughing in the
background and mike lupica columnist for
the New York Daily News starting with
Donald Trump the person mm-hmm
will this not the baby blimp will the
baby blimp do you think upset him yes
because Donald Trump is obsessed with
being perceived as a big man and a big
leader and to a certain extent it worked
you know I talked to a lot of Trump
supporters during the campaign who told
me that they would vote for Donald Trump
because he was a real man and he was a
tough leader but of course Donald Trump
is not necessarily the poster boy for a
tough leader he's the poster boy for
fragile masculinity a man who is
comfortable with himself does not need
to throw himself you're saying something
very important that you think this this
actually cuts deep into his self
perception of the kind of tough master
person he wants absolutely and we spent
a lot of time during the campaign
talking about the way that he attacked
you know had gendered insults for women
Carly Fiorina and her face but we didn't
really talk about the gendered insults
towards other men little Marco crying
Chuck now as a president going after
Chuck Schumer for crying these things
that are emasculating or not seen as
masculine he really goes after other men
for not doing so obviously it's
something that he's afraid
in himself and we'll be exposed with the
blimp of the baby I'm Mike I know you're
just back from the UK your view yeah I
was amazed to see Woody Johnson who
apparently is as good at ambassador as
he was at owning the New York Jets it
doesn't reflect the views of the people
he's talked to well who's he talking to
because everywhere I went in London for
a week when they weren't talking about
the World Cup they were talking about
the political situation in our country
and all I could say was we we understand
we have a problem we're trying to
correct it it's going to take some time
but please don't blame me
I mean blink call me or blame Hillary or
blame that you know that Putin but he is
extremely unpopular in that country and
you're going to see it in in these
protests and and in you know that when
he looks up in the sky and sees the baby
blimp he'll be thinking of t-pain saying
he wishes he could fly away wow mike
lupica came prepared i think anyone who
looks up in the sky you don't have to be
President I think if you look up in the
sky and you happen to see your likeness
in a giant diaper clad baby it's gonna
have some effect on you which is why
there's a psychological profile to this
Donald Trump himself though has talked
about how he also loves babies and so we
cover all sides of this story I want to
show here so don't worry about that baby
I love babies though I love babies I
hear that baby crying I like I like it
what a baby
what a beautiful baby don't worry don't
want the moms running around like don't
worry about it you know it's young and
beautiful and healthy and that's what we
want Tony well first of all five seconds
later in that clip he says get that baby
out of here so I can tell you having
spent time around him when he had little
children that he has less than zero
interest in children the end so that's
nonsense
are you asking me about the blimp I'm
depressed if you are I mean let me tear
this let me ask you this because you
were here as a opposing voice opposed to
the blimp
yeah a lot of people have seen this as a
way to troll him there was a
long-running debate and we've talked
about it before on the show how do you
deal with someone who dominates
attention such a juvenile way but I
happen to know that you don't think this
is the best way to protest him no I mean
listen I'm not you know in any
significant way against it I just think
it's irrelevant and it won't do anything
and the idea of getting under his skin
is not it's not significant who cares if
we get under his skin what we want to do
is get under his presidency and lift him
out of it you know I've been thinking a
lot lately about the fact that he has
changed this debate around him and put
it on his terms and it's always being
dragged down to the lowest common
denominator and I don't think we win
those of us who oppose and resist him
don't win by playing the game at his
level listen what was clear today more
than it's ever been is that the game
here is democracy the future of this
country who it is we want to be who we
want to be represented by it's really
big issues and they are positive meaning
whatever doubts people have about what
this country is we don't want to be
under an authoritarian maybe 30% of the
company a country actually does but 70%
of the country does not want to live
under an authoritarian and if we can for
what's a good protest a good protest is
to go to the incredibly small percentage
or to go to the to the percentage the
high percentage of young people who
don't vote and get them to vote it's not
important who is for Trump it's
important who is against Trump that they
show up at the polls and actually
register that I mean I think what Tony's
saying liz is nap time is over yeah
that's why I didn't want to take you to
speak to that because it talked about
Trump's tiny hands and then people said
is that really the way to go out I mean
this is something that the resistance
has not yet fully figured out I I get
all that and there was a famous old
boxing promoter in Boston named suitcase
Sam Silverman he used to say every knock
is a boost okay and I think Trump
operates on on that principle but you
have to admit just even though you can't
use irony in an underdeveloped country
okay
there is some irony here and a guy who
mocks everybody and everything getting
made fun of and Tony you better than
anybody know how then skip he is I do I
just have come come to a point where you
know here's the thing I gave the Hillary
campaign during the pre-election period
a series of things that I thought would
set Trump off during the debates she
used every single one of them and in
every single case it set him off did it
actually rebound in a positive way to
Hillary no it probably didn't and it
turned out as we now know that those
people who support Trump support Trump
more when you are more critical of him
and less or at least more when you're
more critical of him Liz yeah well I
think that he also really uses this idea
that he's a respected leader abroad and
this will disrupt that idea and might
even mess with him not just on a
personal level but mess on this image
that he has and this is his obsession
with control which you know even when he
went to North Korea he had like a
trailer video about his you know trip
there and in every other even the way
that he announces
he has this obsessive desire for control
and to disrupt that I think it is
important well let's be clear he is not
respected abroad the only places he's
respected are Saudi Arabia and Russia
but do Chung supporters know that well I
don't you know because we we are so
closeted in what we read but from both
sides that they don't but what I believe
is that we are we are far better off
making the case for what we want to see
and what does resonate with the vast
majority of America than we are you know
putting up blimps I mean what I'm
hearing is it can be great fun and even
effective to roast him and the
counter-argument being catharsis is not
an electoral strategy no I mean if
catharsis is emotionally refueling and
renewing for for the resistance god
bless but yes we have a bigger we have a
bigger challenge at hand which is to
bring to people's attention that this is
a person who threatens in the most
fundamental way the America we want to
live in you said a bigger challenge at
hand bigger than a baby even bigger hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our youtube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
