right now South Dakota Republican Mike
round senator rounds welcome back sir
thank you sir appreciate the opportunity
to visit I know you've been on a couple
times trying to sound the alarm on
tariffs trying to have I think what I
would say a more cheerful conversation
with the White House less cheerful today
you guys passed a I guess it was called
a test vote it was non-binding on the
trade aspect not to get it confused with
the non-binding NATO resolutions I
talked about earlier but what does that
vote tell you does that tell you that
the Senate does need to get involved
here now the votes are there and the
president should there should be more of
a check by the legislative branch on the
president's tariff Authority I think the
message has been sent is that first of
all this is non-binding who was
specifically on defense issues it was
section 232 of the 1962 trade
enhancement act different than section
301 which is what he's doing today in
China or suggesting he will do in China
but it all has to do with the impact on
the markets with regard to what's
happening right now
we've got farmers and ranchers in the
Upper Midwest that are bringing their
products to market at this time winter
weeks being harvested in South Dakota
right now won't be long till we have
soybeans and corn that'll be harvested
the markets right now for commodities
are going down matter of fact soybeans
are down a dollar ninety five cents a
bushel since March first if you take a
look at just in South Dakota
we're not a big state but if you just
take a look at the farming operations in
South Dakota right now the difference
between March 1st prices and what we've
got right now in the prices as of today
it's almost three-quarters of a billion
dollars an impact on the balance sheets
for farmers and ranchers and so for them
this is a real serious issue and it's
not a matter of saying yeah I'm going to
suggest that we might have you know we
might be putting in tariffs because the
markets react immediately and the
markets are down they have started to
account for the possibility that China
might very well not be buying as many
soybeans as they used to and look at it
just as an example a soy beans that 60%
of what we export persuade beings go
into China they amount to 25% of
all the soybeans that are produced in
the United States the president
essentially via his tweet seems to be
arguing look just give me time this will
be great but give me time agricultural
tariffs as you're pointing out and as
I've been trying to tell people as well
as they have those those hit people
immediately the metal tariffs you can
buy time on some of the metal tariffs
you can as an operation you you can sort
of move around you could sort of
maneuver yourself around them for six
months twelve months while they
negotiate you can't do that with these
do you think the president understands
both bob corker and chuck Grassley seem
to hint that he doesn't well that's what
we're concerned about is that that time
is of the essence for us what producers
in South Dakota will tell me and I you
know I spent a week back in South Dakota
their message was number one look we
believe that the president's doing what
he believes is right we want him to
succeed but he's got to understand that
we're at the tip of the spear right now
and time is of the essence for us and
time's running out tell us what your
game plan is tell us what you want to
accomplish
give us some confidence that this is
going to end well and I think that's the
message that we're trying to share is is
heads up this can't go on for an
extended period of time without assuring
our Ag producers that they're not gonna
be the ones that are gonna take the
brunt of this that it's been five years
with falling Ag prices they've the AG
income in our part of the country is
down 50% in the last five years so now
to have them at the tip of the spear and
seeing soybeans down corn down wheat
down and no end in sight that's got a
lot of people that are very strong
supporters of the president they've got
them concerned how concerned are you
that the presidents and taggin
antagonistic rhetoric with our allies
even with China and the EU when it comes
to trade deals with NATO that that's
only going to make it harder to cut a
deal that it's only going to make it as
Stephen Hadley said you know you you
make it easier to be anti-american and
other in some of these other Western
democracies with the rhetoric he uses
which of course means you're not going
to get a better trade deal well this
president has a different approach than
any other
we've had in a long long time what we
want to see is evidence of success TPP
as an example that was the that was
going to provide us with paper so
basically a half a million people in the
Pacific Rim area that would be buying
our products back in January of a year
ago the administration said we're not
going to take it we're going to do
individual trade deals none of them are
done then we're going to do NAFTA you
know
then we had NAFTA and we're gonna redo
naft and it can be done any time and
we're gonna have a good deal so far we
don't have any good deal and now we're
talking about delaying that once again
and in the middle of it and not having
TPP done where we'd have a half a
billion people buying our products and
these are people that would rather buy
from us than from China they want to do
a deal with us not to have them on board
with us not to have NAFTA completed does
not put us in a position of strength to
negotiate with China and that's not
exactly the way even the president has
suggested that he wants to negotiate in
in in the past and so as I say in my
part of the country people want to see
this president succeed they don't
understand the tactics that he's using
to get much how much patience do they
have I mean there whatever gains they
made in the tax cut I assume if you're
in the AG business those are gone I've
talked to soybean producers today I've
talked to representatives of the
American Farm Bureau all of them have
said the same thing we're supportive of
the president we get that we don't have
really good trade deals out there but
it's gotten a lot worse in the last
couple of months so what's the plan
where are we going with this we need to
know as well because time is running out
for us and it's gonna hurt our
pocketbooks if we don't get something
done and that's the message we're trying
to send and they asked us so why don't
you go in and tell the president that
and I say I think sometimes the
president listens a whole lot more to
the folks back home and they do to those
of us in Congress and so what they need
to do is to share and continue to share
their concerns and ask that that the
White House and the administration
remember that the actions they're taking
now are having real consequences on real
Americans
who want to be supportive of this
administration Senator Mike grounds
Republican from South Dakota sounding an
alarm we'll see if folks in the west
wing area thanks for coming out and
sharing the view sir
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
