in tonight's panel Danielle pleco senior
vice president of American Enterprise
Institute and an MSNBC contributor David
Ignatius comets at the Washington Post
also an MSNBC contributor and Cara Lee
national political reporter doesn't just
contribute here she works here full-time
NBC News Carol Thank You mr. Ignatius
you wrote about this this morning so
I'll let you tee off here but they feel
like that's have two conversations Dani
and I were talking about this in the
green room try to have a conversation
about the issues with NATO and subtract
Trump's personality but let me also
start the conversation this way why is
the president doing this so publicly I
think this was the diplomatic version of
trash talking I think he has convinced
himself that destabilizing friends
adversaries people in our political
culture works for him I think every time
we go oh my gosh he didn't do that I
think he probably thinks this is going
the way I want I think he went to
Brussels determined to pick a fight he
sat down at breakfast and bam you know
these very intemperate sharp comments
because I called Germany captive of
Russia's extraordinary but I think he
did it to put people off off balance the
the formal agreements seem to be exactly
what you would have predicted the
private meetings were calming and nice
anodized statements afterwards my
question is what does he think he gets
out of this you know he disrupts
everything to what to what end does he
think this gives him leverage with Putin
that strikes me as a completely crazy
you cover him full you cover this White
House full time what's the and sometimes
it's only his calculus there is no White
House County thinks that's absolutely
right and I think that your one point
that you made is Iran is something in
terms of hey I think he relishes in this
but it also plays really well with his
base and if you if you're a trump
supporter at one of the die-hard Trump
supporters and you see the president
over there
you know confronting the Europeans who
you know many members of the president's
base feel or lecturing and you know I've
been taking a siesta while the u.s.
carries the burden of a bunch of things
in the world then you like what you see
and so in that sense you know he is
rewarded I think the question is what is
the long game and short term politically
maybe it helps him but long term you
know I think we don't know what the
consequences of this are and his the way
he's treating our allies and you know
whether those consequences show up
before the 2020 election remains to be
seen and so will he actually and what
will they be and will he actually have
any Danny it seems clear to me he didn't
even have a vision of what he wants
Nader to be this is what he tweeted
today
what good is NATO if Germany is paying
Russia billions of dollars for gas and
energy why are their own lonely 5 out of
29 countries that have met their
commitment the u.s. is paying for your
protection then loses billions on trade
must pay 2% of GDP immediately not by
2025 does he have a vision I don't think
it's a vision for what NATO what he
wants NATO to be ok so let's do what you
first asked which is let's separate this
out ok you said rightly previous
presidents not just Barack Obama but all
the way back for years and we could even
say for right right have and as have
successive NATO secretaries general ok
the Europeans are not just not paying
more and more often they're paying less
and less and when they're paying more
and more it's so slowly in the case of
Germany that they're getting up to 2
percent in 2025 that's really not what
we call a meaningful increase so if
Donald Trump had said this privately in
the back room without the videos we all
would have said hey you know presidents
have been telling you guys this come on
what are you doing the problem was the
relishing the fight the problem was the
tone the problem was the way he
delivered the message and I think the
man thinks to himself my hallmark is I'm
not politically correct and that's what
people love about me I'm gonna tell you
the way it is ok the anger at Merkel
seems like I said I had I had a I had a
foreign diplomat say the president seems
obsessed with Merkel David he does I
think part of it is a resentment of
German success Germany's trade surplus
is extraordinary I know I think it is I
think one thing that I've come to think
about Donald Trump is that we
misinterpret him if we see him as the
art of the deal the guy was on top of
the world the Donald Trump we're dealing
with is the guy who nearly went bankrupt
whose scarred and wounded and has lots
of resentments and I think I think you
see this play out in foreign policy he
tries to destabilize to weaken the
adversary to get a deal but but these
are not big deals that last they didn't
in this in his business life so I you
know I was the the thing with Merkel I
think he sees her for some reason as as
threatening he sees her as a Barack
Obama holder anything that's what I
think he's also the she's the leader of
all of this and so he's going to go
after the top but yet she I mean it's
not a secret they were very close but
but hang on a second you can't just
single out Donald Trump again let's
separate the fact and the man Angela
Merkel is one of the least popular
leaders in Europe
she's unpopular inside her own coalition
that's number one she has been she has
lingered so president president Trump's
not exactly popular in this country I
mean we're gonna go down those lines I
think the only popular leader right now
is I guess it would be barely McCrone
yeah but the interior I'm actually
Trudeau in Canada of the g7 but no no
but seriously Michael isn't that popular
in Europe she opened the door to what a
lot of people considered to be the most
serious refugee crisis since World War
two you they blame rightly or wrongly
they blame her for that and as far as
Germany and Russia I gotta say you know
Donald Trump is totally wrong about what
the meaning of NATO and the purpose of
NATO is but as far as Germany's attitude
towards Russia and the Nord Stream
project that Donald Trump was talking
about buying gas by the way Joe Biden in
like that thing I mean we know the
apartment right there I mean David
so the Nord Stream Germany's dependence
on Russian energy has bothered people
for a long time and I think the Trump
was was was Schroeder's involvement it's
like his personal involvement a former
has been very it's he worked stinky you
know been very stinky they're really
telling comments today I thought was one
was when Merkel said apropos this
comment that Germany's captive of Russia
I've lived in a Germany that was captive
or Prussia I grew up with that and you
could see the resentment she felt at
Dalton I'm talking about her free United
Germany as a pawn of a country that she
she as a child escaped from I found that
offensive care home Mike Pompeo they
were sort of on earth too this is what
he said what any US Secretary of State
would have said in the last 40 years
about NATO this is what he tweeted today
NATO is the most successful alliance in
history all NATO allies have committed
to extending this success through
increased defense spending deterrence
and defense and fighting terrorism
weakness provokes strength and cohesion
protects this remains our bedrock belief
states supposed to do this is the story
of the Trump administration though
there's the president and what he says
and then there's people around him and
what they say and they have
traditionally whether it's you know the
Secretary of Defense James Madison
Secretary of State they say what
everybody expects and wants to hear from
the US when it comes to foreign policy
by and large and you know I think that
the question of substance that you were
talking about whether there's a
substantive change versus the rhetoric
is i when if you're trying to latch on
to something in your European leader
you're looking at the Secretary of State
and what they're saying and trying to
focus on the substance and in terms of
rather than so much the president's
rhetoric by the way isn't this now isn't
it already now a done deal NATO's a
disaster Danny and the Putin summit by
comparison will look like a chummy
affair oh god I really hope not that's
certainly that's what's being set up ya
know I really hope that that's not true
but look you know indeed NATO needs
investment NATO needs investment not
just from the US president it needs
investment from our European allies it
needs purpose we need to agree on the
kinds of investments that we need to
make and the kinds of things that we're
doing in a world in which the Soviet
Union has been done for a long time
Donald Trump was not just wrong that
it's only about Russia but he wasn't
wrong that it's not clear what NATO's
entire purpose is other than to be an
alliance it's kind of us but who's them
the them is an alliance that didn't
thirty that stopped existing thirty
years to Eastern Europe that them is
still Russia though the in the Eastern
Europeans members of NATO so at bottom
NATO is about the credibility of
America's commitment to defend Europe in
a crisis where the adversary would be
now Russia the Soviet Union and that the
credibility of that commitment becomes
less and less plausible I think the
Europeans but the further down this road
Donald Trump goes you know you can say
well I just trying to razz him just to
stabilizing him he's raising the same
issues people did before but I think
increasingly in European Minds the idea
that the United States would be there
for them is is diminishing well you know
if you think the president's base now
will carry this anti NATO fervor forward
I don't know whether they will I hope
they won't I think we agree the
president was irresponsible but I also
think that it is vitally important that
we understand that NATO is not
confronting the crisis within its myth
the largest Muslim the only Muslim
country or the largest Muslim country in
NATO Turkey which is increasingly
becoming a dictatorship Russian style
the drift towards authoritarianism in
former communist states inside NATO
these are things that NATO needs to
confront as well which of those things
you could argue Donald Trump is a better
guy who was he walking with was it
Barack Obama who sent troops to the
border in in Eastern Europe to protect
our allies from the Russians or was it
Donald Trump was it Barack Obama who
armed the agreed to arm the Ukrainians
or was it Donald Trump I hate being put
in the position of defending non Trump
but those are facts yeah but it's a it's
also a fact that the Trump and and Trump
supporters are encouraging these
nationalist movements in in Europe in
Eastern Europe that are increasingly
dangerous to NATO under the European
Union I mean that's that's not that's
also a fact I'm only gonna pause this
conversation I promise it hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything up
where it came from you don't have to
have that problem with us NBC News MSNBC
MTP and the Meet the Press mind set
right here for you on YouTube subscribe
now
