welcome back to 9 I'm obsessed with the
fact that congressional Republicans have
finally finally decided to push back
against President Trump we've watched as
congressional Republicans stood by while
President Trump trashed allies cozy up
to Vladimir Putin seemed to support
white supremacist at one point separated
children from their mothers call the
press the enemy of people a lot more out
there but today with the president's
browbeating of our NATO allies
Republicans finally said enough enough
with the lecturing enough of the
humiliation enough at the public tantrum
so yes today Republicans in the United
States Senate setting up and joined in
passing by 97 to to a resolution to
reaffirm our commitment to NATO and this
wasn't just any kind of resolution oh no
this was a certain kind of binding
resolution and what kind of binding
resolution was that well the non-binding
kind of resolutions of course here's a
key graph strap yourself in members of
both parties overwhelmingly approved
senator Reid's motion to instruct Senate
conferees of the National Defense
Authorization Act NDAA for fiscal year
2019 conference committee to ensure that
the final conference report of the NDAA
reaffirms the u.s. commitment to NATO as
a community of shared values including
Liberty human rights democracy and the
rule of law take that president Trump in
the Senate making sure there was no
mistaking the gravity of the moment made
sure to not just reaffirm our commitment
to NATO but to strongly reaffirm it kind
of remind you of that scene from a few
good men doesn't strenuously object
objection overruled no no nice trenors
live jack oh wow Strether's the
objective I can take some time to read
all right maybe president Trump will now
take a moment to reconsider maybe not to
be outdone the House passed it strongly
worded non-binding resolution a little
while later unanimously that'll show
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press' content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mind
set right here for you on YouTube
subscribe now
