do you still think that climate change
is a hoax look I think something's
happening something's changing and it'll
change back again I don't think it's a
hoax I think there's probably a
difference but I don't know that it's
man-made I'm not denying climate change
but it could very well go back you know
we're talking about president has said
before he doesn't believe human beings
are responsible for climate change but
millions will no doubt be cheered after
learning that it's going to change back
again our guests remain with us
Kimberly Atkins Steve Kornacki Steve is
he based on where his bases and maybe
independence is he trying to have
something both ways here it's
interesting because this sort of
illustrates you know when he starts
giving interviews like this starts
making comments like this he starts
obviously stirring up all sorts of
controversy arousing all sorts of
backlash oh I've known from the
Democratic side but we showed those poll
numbers earlier that that increase in
his a job approval rating over the last
several weeks weeks and I think one of
the things that might be driving that in
part is by his standards I stress by his
standards he has been quieter over the
last several weeks there's been a lot of
drama in American politics but the White
House and certainly Trump himself I
think participating in this he was a
little bit more selective in how he sort
of interceded in the Cavanaugh fight he
yielded to Mitch McConnell into the
Senate Republicans I think a lot more
than we're used to seeing him do
certainly he made those comments at the
rally he's made some comments on Twitter
but folks on the Republican side
remember the final I'd say two weeks of
the 2016 campaign they remember as among
other things the most disciplined in
terms of message that Donald Trump ever
was as a candidate and it was in those
final two weeks that he made up that
critical ground and just enough to win
and they're hoping that's something that
maybe in the stretch Drive of this
campaign he'll replicate for just a
couple seconds I want to show you this
polling list that got some traction over
the weekend preferred democratic 2020
candidates and there are the numbers
there are the the would be candidates my
question to you is same amount of time
before the OU 8 election would Barack
Obama name recognition wise have cracked
this list
yeah actually so in October 2006 it was
the same poll CNN took it
Hilary Clinton was in first place with
28% Barack Obama was second was 17% they
put Al Gore's name in there he'd ended
up running he was at 13% so Obama the
strength of that convention speech in
Boston in 2004 made him almost overnight
this sort of dream alternative for a lot
of Democrats and that was one of the
things that got him in the race because
he had assumed his first year or two in
the Senate 2008 would be too soon but he
started getting poll numbers like this
right around this point and he started
having second thoughts and said maybe
2008 is the right time then the rest is
history Kim I want to show you the
exchange from 60 minutes last night
about dr. Ford and we'll talk about it
on the other side you mimicked professor
Blasi Ford you mimicked her had I not
made that speech we would not have won I
was just saying she didn't seem to know
anything but just seemed to be saying
that she lied what you know what I'm not
gonna get into it because we won it
isn't there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
