eleven state attorneys general are
investigating whether fast food chains
are using no poach rules in franchise
agreements to hold down wages and limit
employee advancement we're talking about
people who flip burgers and sell french
fries a letter released publicly this
week by attorneys general outlined a
request for information regarding any
and all franchise agreements that letter
was sent to Arby's Burger King Dunkin
Donuts Five Guys Little Caesars Panera
Bread Popeyes and Wendy's the attorneys
general were moved to investigate in
part because of a 2017 report examining
franchise contracts that report found
that 32 out of 40 roughly 80% of the
contracts examined contained no poach
provisions the Justice Department has
spoken out against no poach agreements
saying they are in clear violation of
antitrust laws restricting competition
and depriving workers of better job
opportunities and that's the biggest
concern steady wage stagnation in a
high-growth industry adversely affecting
their state's economies as it stands
fast-food workers make a median of nine
dollars and fifty eight cents an hour
which translates to twenty thousand
seven hundred and thirty bucks a year
for full-time work meanwhile the CEOs of
the six top American fast-food chains
they earn on average 66 times the amount
that some of their lowest paid employees
earn according to a 2016 financial
report in separate statements two
different outlets representatives of
Dunkin Donuts and Wendy's said the
companies did not restrict hiring among
franchisees the other companies did not
immediately respond to a request for
comment if I were that might respond
very quickly because this is easy for
Americans to walk with their wallets
joining us now is the Attorney General
of Pennsylvania Josh Shapiro Josh good
to have you here I'm gonna start what
yes she's gonna start yeah good question
what go ahead yeah what what is going on
here
well we have this set up this construct
in frankly all across our society where
the system seems to be rigged
against workers particularly low entry
low-income workers and here's basically
how this deal works right Steph you own
five McDonald's alley you on five I own
five and is part of the deal with our
workers as dictated by the McDonald's
franchise it says that a worker who
works for me
can't go Steph and work at your
McDonald's where they might be able to
earn a better living make a few more
bucks be closer to be able to pick up
their kids at school because of these
so-called no poach agreements it holds
down the wages of that worker it holds
down the entire economic sector and it's
just frankly unfair okay you see too
many examples of this in our society and
that's why we've come together with
attorneys general to investigate so we
got four percent unemployment in this
country we see hundreds of thousands of
jobs being created every month we've got
a hopefully better opportunity that
we've ever seen but we've also seen and
by the way record corporate
profitability but we do see wages having
trouble rising so you say it's unfair
but let's say you find clauses and all
these franchise agreements that are
turned over to you it's just not illegal
I mean can't shouldn't it be illegal
that we're taking away what I think is
the basic element of the American dream
the idea that somebody who earns on
average $9.50 an hour might be able to
earn ten and a quarter next year or a
little bit more this just doesn't seem
like it should be allowed when companies
have no patrols when they have those
agreements
it's about employees who know high-level
secret information that they don't want
going to their competitors that's not
the case no that's not the case that's
total it's such a nonsensical argument
think about it it would be illegal if
under the example I used before about
the McDonald's franchises if McDonald's
and say Burger King got together it
should also be illegal if McDonald's
just does it together and that is
something that we're investigating we
want to get to the bottom of and it
holds workers back alley you're right
unemployment is low there's record
corporate profits but wage disparity
exists at such an historically high
level so this is a way to help close
that wage gap and when you have workers
who are trying to do that by by moving
up in the ranks by maybe making
few more bucks being closer to their
kids school or whatever the case may be
and they're being held back by these big
corporations because of these mill poach
agreements that's simply wrong and
that's the reason why we're
investigating and we're gonna get to the
bottom of this so McDonald's has said
that it's voluntarily removed these
types of clauses from its franchise
agreements back in 2017 is that what
you're hoping for that the the parent
company sort of come down and say to the
franchisees don't do this whether it's
other McDonald's employees or Burke
employees or whatever it is you can't be
doing this it's unfair right right look
McDonald's has taken some steps but we
want all of these companies to take a we
believe based on our preliminary
research that in the fast-food franchise
industry eighty percent of these workers
are forced to be part of these milk
poach agreements and in non fast-food
sector in other industries
it's about 58 percent for example people
who work at Jiffy Lube that's one
example so why should these workers who
have no idea that they are captive to
these kinds of no poaching agreements be
held to that sort of standard that is
really just primarily dictated by
corporate greed that is simply wrong so
yes we want to change corporate behavior
we want to do away with these new
approach agreements in the fast-food
industry and across franchises it
unfairly targets especially low-income
workers and we are not going to stand
for it in Pennsylvania hey MSNBC fans
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
