turn off the volume because this matters
to you in today's money power politics
we're talking about the trade war and
it's escalation the Trump administration
has released a list of Chinese goods
worth 200 billion dollars that will face
10% tariffs if they're going to effect
you could see a major spike in prices
for a lot of the basics in your home
your grocery bill could go up pork
products fish grains and fresh and
frozen produce building materials could
increase your cost on a renovation or a
new home with increases on marble and
granite plaster cement and metals such
as copper iron and nickel and how about
your heating bill it could see a spike
as we penalize imports on propane
kerosene natural gas and coal and then
of course there is a litany of other
basics like tobacco cigarettes clothing
handbags even pet food on hand bags not
handbags oh you know who makes some of
those Ivanka Trump joining me again I'm
not here by the way my dear friend Ron
and Sanne okay Ron yeah this is a huge
list of Chinese goods we know that
Americans love cheap stuff that's why
Walmart and Amazon became two of the
most successful companies on the planet
although Walmart never gets criticized
for this anymore it doesn't but walk me
through sort of this this trade war and
who exactly it works for could this be
just a game of chicken I don't know we
talked a little bit about this earlier
in the program I don't know it doesn't
sound like a coherent strategy to me the
issues that we have with China really
have nothing to do so much with
merchandise trade as they do with
intellectual property theft and forced
technology transfer of companies that do
business in China and if we wanted to go
after something like that maybe we would
participate in something like TPP work
together with our allies and put
pressure on China the World Trade
Organization with all of Europe with
Canada with other countries and once the
WTO WTO would decide in our favor which
by the way it has done 90 percent of the
time we would be allowed to put tariffs
on Chinese products within the auspices
of the World Trade Organization in their
dispute settlement mechanism this would
be it it takes more time than the Trump
administration would like but they're
firing bullets in the wrong direction
and you mentioned Ivanka Trump making
handbags they're her items by the way
are exempted from any tariffs that might
be imposed coming back into the United
States you'd have to ask the president
that question Ivanka Trump I love the
answer to that question you've got my
cell phone please call it
walk me through don't we need China as
an ally as we're looking to get North
Korea to denuclearize one would think
that you would not impose tariffs this
steep and again the two hundred billion
dollars worth of goods not yet imposes
would be a 90-day public comment period
but yes as we're trying to bring China
the table to further pressure North
Korea to denuclearize you would assume
you'd want them on your side and the
president made a comment about this
ability was last week where he said he
hope that China was not influencing the
North Koreans to taking more belligerent
tone towards the United States which it
has in the last week so China could sink
this whole thing tomorrow with respect
to North Korea in retaliation before for
these tariffs and remember China can
only put tariffs on so much in the way
of us goods before it runs out of things
to put tariffs on okay well you've said
you think we could remove tariffs from
Russia
we should recuse me we could remove
sanctions from Russia and double down on
terrorists with China I never said that
we should or could I could he I think
that you know the president made some
allusion to a positive surprise for
Vladimir Putin this week help me
understand wouldn't I mean listen from a
geopolitical perspective it doesn't make
sense I and as I've said this to you
many times I don't see foreign policy or
trade policy or economic policy in this
administration as coherent it seems like
a seat-of-the-pants style of management
which President Trump used in his
private one who supports it orrin hatch
doesn't Jeff Flake no nobody listen
nobody in Congress nobody because
president Trump's approval rating is
doing a-okay yes with his base and with
some more moderates and independents
rather surprisingly but those very
people who think they support this
program will ultimately be hurt by the
imposition of tariffs they're going to
find out in the Rust Belt that well yes
US Steel may reopen one plant and that
may add 600 jobs by and large the people
who benefit from row
inexpensive products overseas and who
would otherwise be hurt by these tariffs
are in for a rude awakening agricultural
producers soybean producers they're all
taking pickets producers of nails one
company's literally got to close down
because it can't afford the steel prices
in order to make a nail something that's
simple so was i I don't know that this
helps anybody in the United States I
don't know that it helps global trade
and what I really fear is that like the
30s again we've spoken about this before
smoot-hawley Tariff s-- exacerbated the
Great Depression this could if it gets
out of control create a worldwide
recession and that helps no one
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
