we begin today with the president
pushing out his own brand of global
politics in other words taking a hard
line with countries that we normally
think of and have for decades as our
closest allies I cannot wait to get into
this with my panel this morning but
before we get to them I want to explain
what has been happening while you were
asleep over the last few hours the
president has started his meetings with
world leaders to kick off the NATO
summit in Brussels and just like other
international summits things have been
tense and awkward and here's the thing
they're probably only gonna get worse
the president is minutes away from
sitting down with German Chancellor
Angela Merkel and if you thought their
relationship was rough before the
president took it to a whole other level
this morning sitting down for his very
first meeting at the NATO summit
President Trump unloaded on the Germans
for keeping close economic ties with
Russia while at the same time depending
on US defense spending for protection
from those very same Russians please
listen to this
Germany is totally controlled by Russia
because they were getting from sixty to
seventy percent of their energy from
Russia at a new pipeline and you tell me
if that's appropriate because I think
it's not it certainly doesn't seem to
make sense that
and we have to defend against Russia
Germany as far as I'm concerned is
captive to Russia because it's getting
so much of its energy from Russia so
we're supposed to protect Germany energy
it might not make sense to the president
because what he's saying is not entirely
accurate to keep in mind those remarks
came hours before the summit had even
officially begun Merkel responded by
insisting Germany makes its decisions
independently but the president's
frustration it goes far beyond oil and
gas he has been complaining for years
that NATO countries do not live up to
their promise of spending 2 percent of
their GDP on defense right now just five
countries are above that mark including
the United States although other
countries have until 2024 to reach the
target
nevertheless when President Trump says
the u.s. is paying for the lion's share
of NATO funding here's what he's talking
about
the United States contributes far more
to NATO than any other country both in
terms of its share of GDP and in terms
of dollar amount this year the United
States will contribute an estimated 3.5
percent of its GDP to NATO that amounts
to about 706 bill
dollars get your head around this that
is nearly 70% of NATO's entire defense
budget by way of comparison the United
States gives NATO 14 times more money
than Germany does even though the US
economy is only about five times larger
still the nATO Secretary General says
countries are starting to contribute
more and listen to who gets the credit
to the defense purposes and last year
was the biggest increase in spending in
a generation why was that is also
because hey there Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
