bringing out the ranking member of the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee
Democrat Bob Menendez of New Jersey Bob
we were just talking about what our
Secretary of Defense had said about NATO
a year or so ago that it's so important
that if NATO didn't exist we would have
to create it I take it from the vote
yesterday in the United States Senate
that is the unanimous agreement of at
least all the Democrats and every
Republican except for two well yes Joe
it's it's the near unanimous agreement
except for two Republicans and today the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee will
mark up an even more significant
resolution that speaks to the importance
of the NATO alliance and the Lions that
has brought us peace and prosperity for
73 years it was there in the aftermath
of World War two is there to win the
Cold War it was there on September 11th
when the only time that NATO has invoked
a mutual self-defense provision was on
behalf of the United States after it was
struck on that tragic day on September
11th and for 17 years NATO allies have
fought with us in Afghanistan and in
other engagements across the globe so
this is a critical part of our security
infrastructure and at the same time it
has created prosperity that we have been
part of enjoying in a significant market
for United States products and services
so this is critical and and it's so
upsetting to see that Putin whose
number-one goal is to divide the west
and particularly in NATO has an American
president doing his work for him in a
way that all of his cyberattacks and
Twitter disinformation and trolls have
been unable to achieve Putin made a
great investment in the 2016
presidential elections and it's paying
off for him in Brussels today so what
does the United States Senate do what
can it do in a pipe bipartisan way to
send a message to our NATO allies as
well as to Russia that despite the fact
that we have a president who said
Vladimir Putin would be the easiest part
of his trip and that our Democratic
allies who have stood by our side
since 1945 we're going to be the most
difficult what do we do
to right-size this relationship again
that our commander in chief is turning
upside down well yesterday for the
beginning as you pointed out jail the
Senate spoke in a strong bipartisan vote
on the defense appropriation bill the
National Defense Authorization Act today
the Senate will speak through the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee I think in a
near unanimous effort maybe one
colleague Rand Paul may not be there in
solidifying the NATO relationship from a
national foreign policy and national
security interest thirdly I have said I
said on the Senate floor yesterday and I
will continue as my colleagues will
continue to echo that sanctions against
Russia is not a question of discretion
for the president when we wrote CATSA
the countering Americans adversaries
through sanctions Act it was the first
time in all of the sanctions that I have
helped author whether it be against Iran
or in this case against Russia that the
Congress did not provide the discretion
to an American president and insisted on
mandatory sanctions if certain actions
by Russia were taken those actions can
only been on those sanctions can only
bend in undo undone by the Senate so I
think that those are three critical
elements of sending a very clear message
to our NATO allies that the Congress an
expression of the will of the American
people believes in NATO and the
importance of it senator we're listening
to you and we respect your views and
they're fairly strong views about your
opposition to what the president is
doing but what the president is actually
doing it seems is undermining 75 years
of peace stability and progress in
disrupting NATO and it seems as if he is
intent on basically destabilizing NATO
to the point where the European Union is
weakened why then do we not hear more
voices come out more strongly like yours
on the floor of the United States Senate
and elsewhere in unison about
this president is doing to our history
and our country well look I think the
vote yesterday speaks loudly I would
hope that my Republican colleagues you
know NATO has been the bulwark of our
security architecture in which both
Democratic and Republican presidents and
administration's and my colleagues have
been some of the strongest voices on the
Republican side of the aisle in support
of NATO they're muted voices today other
than through their vote is a concern to
me only because we need to send a robust
message to all of Europe and
particularly to our NATO allies and to
Russia who is an adversary and worries
me that the president is going to a
meeting with Putin where he describes
Putin as a competitor Putin is not a
competitor he is an adversary in my view
a foe and so ultimately when you go into
a meeting thinking that someone is just
a competitor that's a strategically
different train of thought than when
someone is an adversary Putin is an
adversary and so I hope that our
colleagues will raise their voices as
they have in the past all they need to
do is go back and look at their speeches
and those speeches are as relevant today
as they were when they made it before
all right Senator Bob Menendez thank you
so much for being with us we appreciate
it thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
