let's compare president Trump's postured
this morning on Germany to this from
President Ronald Reagan on his visit
with NATO allies back in 1982 as he
departed Western Germany in Berlin this
morning I looked across that tragic wall
and saw the grim consequences of freedom
denied but I was deeply inspired by the
courage and dedication to Liberty which
I saw in so many faces on the western
side of that city the purpose of my trip
to Bonn was to consult both with leaders
of the German government and our
colleagues from other nations both
aspects of the visit have been a great
success we didn't seek to avoid the
problems facing the West in the coming
years we met them head-on and discovered
that as always what unites us is much
deeper and more meaningful than any
differences which might exist Jon
Meacham a different era I think it's
safe to say and interesting Ronald
Reagan came into office in 1981 as he
himself put it with a lot of people
believing he was a combination of the
Mad Bomber and Ebenezer Scrooge there is
a kind of center-left acceptance of
Reagan and reaganism now that is a
historical in the sense that it was not
true in real time in 1982-83 there were
extraordinary demonstrations both in the
United States and around Europe about
the deployment of the Pershing - a
missile that was seen at the time as
pressing the Cold War and so the idea
that somehow or another there was this
bucolic universe before Trump it's not
true what is true is that Ronald Reagan
is someone who came out of a cultural
populism and as president reached beyond
his base he governed for the whole
country
he came in as a cold warrior who said
the first week he was in the White House
that the Soviet Union reserves under
itself the right to lie and to cheat and
seeks world domination and by 1988 he's
literally standing in red square playing
with babies he was a union negotiator he
understood that hope was a better bet
than fear President Trump comes from a
populist tradition here he has shown no
interest and in fact quite the opposite
in ever reaching out beyond his base
well and you know mr. secretary
one thing that mark and binder talked
about in his in his book about Ronald
Reagan was Reagan was obsessed with
understanding the Soviets he didn't
quite understand why the Soviets feared
us as much as they did so he read every
book on the Soviet Union he could he was
constantly asking experts why do they
fear us what do we need to do after he
got shot of course we all know he felt
like it was God had given him this time
on earth to rid the world of the nuclear
menace and that's what he got to work on
by trying to understand those with whom
he disagreed that would seem to be a
good model for the 45th president as
well Reagan had a positive vision it
wasn't just negative it was how do we
achieve something positive and he had a
strategic vision and I think you were
maybe a greater degree than was
appreciated at the time he was somebody
who read and listened and learned and
was a thinker so I mean I think that was
a real strength that he had I will say
that you know if you look at the
Russians now they still Harbor that
sense of fear and paranoia that goes
back to the 80s and what's been striking
to me and a little bit of interaction
I've had with them is how genuinely
convinced they are that we're out to
undermine them and in many ways they
haven't lost that chip on their shoulder
that you see back in the Reagan era yeah
well mr. secretary thank you so much for
being with us and talk about a timely
book an important book the book is
exploding data reclaiming our
cybersecurity in the digital age
a must Rahim and thank you still ahead
on Morning Joe
president Trump may think NATO is a
waste of time but as we mentioned 97
percent of the US Senate disagrees with
the President of the United States how
lawmakers sent their own message to
American allies just hours after the
president touched down in Europe
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
