and wow what a start to the trip what a
start to the trip and why don't we yeah
Alex
we do let's just play the clip here's
Donald Trump actually doing exactly why
Vladimir Putin would want him to do good
morning in many countries o us a
tremendous amount of money but many
years back where there delinquent
because the United States has had to pay
for them
so if you go back 10 or 20 years you
just add it all up its massive amounts
of munchies of the United States has
they and stepped up like nobody this has
got enough for decades by the way this
has gone on for many presidents but no
other president brought it up like I
bring it up the good news is that palace
has stopped the terrorists more in
defense of the years of things purchased
have started to have the billions to the
defense purchase and the law fails the
biggest increase in spending across
Europe and China in an generation why
was that is also because of your
leadership because the carry message and
they won't think is very sad when
Germany makes a massive oil and gas deal
with Russia where you're supposed to be
guarding against Russia and Germany goes
haven't pays billions and billions of
dollars a year to Russia so we're
protecting Germany we're protecting
friends we're protecting of all of these
countries and the numerous of the
countries go out and make a pipeline
deal with Russia with it paying billions
of dollars into the coffers of Russia so
we're supposed to protect you against
Russia but they're paying billions of
dollars to Russia and I think that's
very inappropriate and the former
Chancellor of Germany is the head of the
pipeline company that's supplying the
gas is ultimately Germany will have
almost 70 percent of their country
controlled by Russia with natural gas so
you tell me is that appropriate
I mean would like been complaining about
this from the time I got it it should
have never been allowed to have happened
but Germany is totally controlled by
Russia
I think it's something that NATO has to
look at I think it's very inappropriate
you and I agree that it's inappropriate
NATO is the ninth of 29 Nations and
there are the sometimes the differences
and the different views and also some
disagreements and then gas to the German
ace one issue where a lie said disagreed
but the strength of NATO is that despite
of these differences we are always been
able to unite around our cost to protect
and defend each other people understand
that we are stronger together than apart
I think that two world wars and the
poleward focus of we are stronger
together than apart how a country is
getting its energy from the person you
want protection against or you want
because to understand that when we stand
together also in dealing with Russia we
are stronger I think what we have seen
is that you just make it Russia richer
well that deal is going to be making
right dimension I think that even in the
Cold War NATO allies were trading with
Russia then there have been
disagreements about what font of
variables which i think is wonderful I
think energy is a whole different story
the energy is a much different story
than normal trade and you have a country
like Poland that won't accept the S you
take a look at some of the countries
they won't accept it because they don't
want to be captive to Russia so Germany
as far as I'm concerned is captive to
Russia because it's getting so much of
its energy from
so we're supposed to protect Germany's
getting their energy from Russia explain
that you know so this was supposed to be
just a photo-op the president wanted to
make sure that he sent the message to
Vladimir Putin wall appearing to
question energy shipments to Russia that
he was actually doing everything he
could to disrupt the NATO summit from
the start and also undermine America's
alliance with NATO you can see and Mika
pointed out Mike Pompeo looking down as
the president continued to badger an
attack his hosts there and I there so
there's so many so many places to start
Ronald Reagan during Ronald Reagan
during a decade where he did more to
bring down the Soviet Union than anybody
would have ever expected continued to
trade with the Soviet Union Donald Trump
is just once again ignorant of history
ignorant of diplomacy and ignorant of
the very things that have gotten us to a
position where we have a 19 trillion
dollar economy and by far the most
powerful military and economic engine in
the world on the planet David Ignatius
if you listen to Donald Trump ramble on
and on about what a bad partner NATO was
and what a bad partner the EU was you
would might be fooled in middle America
if you had pictures of Donald Trump on
your wall you might be fooled into
believing that Europe does absolutely
nothing when it comes to defense and of
course after us not wanting Germany to
rearm for quite some time we now have a
situation where the European Union
spends more money on military defense
than does Russia they are an
extraordinarily important
teach ik ally of the United States of
America against Vladimir Putin and his
ambitions after he's invaded two
countries in one decade you would have
no idea watching the president harangue
the NATO secretary-general that today at
this very minute there are our NATO
forces fighting with the United States
in Afghanistan and a fight that we
requested their help in that they remain
part of the coalition that seeking to
defeat Isis our terrorist Ally you would
have no idea that that harangue was
directed at the people on whom we most
depend for military support that footage
that you showed at the beginning of the
show ought to be put in a time capsule
because if people ask someday how is it
that the NATO alliance which was the
centerpiece of American defense strategy
for 70 years began to unravel
you just look at American president who
arrives and the first thing he does is
pick a fight with the very pro-american
secretary secretary-general Jens
Stoltenberg with as you said Joe his
American support team secretary state
Pompeo and our ambassador to NATO kay
Bailey Hutchinson looking on with what
seemed to me a silent horror yeah that
what was what was happening what an
extraordinary way to begin a summit with
your friends and allies well I imagine
hard to imagine it would be if Churchill
and FDR got together Jon Meacham during
the World War two and FDR was badgering
Churchill for not spending the exact
amount of money on outlays in 1944 in
1945 as the United States the fact is
that along with Russia Great Britain was
our closest ally and here again we
Europe again for those in my family and
my friends who support Donald Trump for
those who have ears to hear
here Europe spends more money on
national defense on the defense of the
EU than des Russia Europe spends as much
money on the defense of that continent
as does China they are a strong bulwark
against Russian aggression and with
Donald Trump going in and hypocritically
attacking them Germany for for trading
with Russia when all he has done for the
past two years is talk about the need to
build closer relationships with Russia
is it is just so such a transparent and
I'm sure he thinks he's being clever
mm-hmm but it's a transparent way to
carry out Vladimir Putin's deepest wish
which is to undermine our alliance with
NATO undercut a military strategic
alliance that is like a dagger in the
heart of Putin's expansionist dreams
it's it's diabolical in that it almost
manages to create as much chaos as
possible not really creative chaos but
create chaos because if you listen to
that you know basically we have a
president who sounds like the guy at the
end of the bar who has a bee in his
bonnet and he's on about his third or
fourth beer norm and yeah yeah norm is
president that's become kind of norm
yeah but he met so he's laying this out
in a way that his base many people in
his base will repeat because he's saying
it a they're gonna like the idea that he
was sitting there talking to this guy
with a funny accent they're gonna love
that he was telling him what all and yet
when you pull back and think about what
he was talking about the entire point of
the modern era as David was saying as
opposed to really the 20s which led to
the 30s was we engage right and
you engage by with the free flow of
people and ideas and goods as much as
possible and what this administration
done is because pretty much it's against
the free flow of people it's against the
free flow of ideas unless they have them
and it's against the free flow of so not
norm more like newman mike barnicle go
ahead Nick burns ambassador burns former
ambassador to NATO sitting there and
watching this extraordinary clip that we
just witnessed the public humiliation of
the NATO secretary-general by the
President of the United States it occurs
to I think all of us here in this set
and I'm wondering how it occurs to you
this was a President of the United
States speaking on a global stage intent
only on talking about himself and what
he felt rather than the common goals
that NATO is held for 70 years well Mike
that's right and I frankly it's just
infuriating to watch this happen you
cannot imagine any American president
all the way back 75 years deciding to
become the critic in chief of NATO
I mean it's Orwellian he's making our
friends out to be our enemies and he's
treating our enemies like Putin as our
friends and he's misrepresenting the
facts there have been four straight
years of budget increases by every NATO
ally the great majority of them will be
at this magical 2% of gross domestic
product level by 2020 for all of our
ability to project power in the world in
the Middle East and Afghanistan comes
out of the air bases Ramstein inter Lick
Aviano the naval bases in Italy in Spain
that the Europeans pay for they pay us
2.5 billion dollars a year to keep our
forces there it would cost us more money
to bring the troops home than to keep
them in Europe so what is the point of
this it's all about politics and the
president's base it's not about the
power of the United States this
incredible alliance that we built every
president from Truman it's infuriating
to see this happen its diplomatic
malpractice thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up to
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more for morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
