then today on Capitol Hill we got this
from Senator Dianne Feinstein the top
Democrat on the Judiciary Committee it
says quote special counsel molars
investigation has resulted in 23
indictments five guilty pleas and one
prison sentence in only one year
confirming Bryan bench Kowski puts that
investigation in jeopardy quote then
Schakowsky refuses to recuse himself
from the Russia investigation despite
having worked for a Russian Bank under
investigation for ties to trump he also
pushed for commis firing with Attorney
General Jeff Sessions while serving on
the Trump transition team those are
clear conflicts of interest all right
what this is about is a controversial
Trump administration appointment to a
senior post at the Justice Department
we've talked about this nomination a few
times here on this show it is now
happening this is the Trump
administration's nominee to run the
criminal division at the Justice
Department it's a super important job
super high-profile job Robert Muller who
is now the special counsel he's
obviously famous for having previously
been director of the FBI before he was
director of the FBI
he had this job he led the criminal
division at the Justice Department the
current director of the FBI Christopher
ray he - before he got named to run the
FBI he was running the criminal division
at the Justice Department so very senior
very important very hands-on job you
oversee all criminal prosecutions for
the US Department of Justice you oversee
hundreds of prosecutors and those
nuts-and-bolts responsibilities of this
very big job those are part of why the
Trump administration's nominee for this
job has been an odd choice all along and
here's the question we asked mr. fynch
Kowski you were seeking the position of
assistant attorney general in charge of
the Criminal Division with 600
prosecutors that you will direct please
tell the committee how many cases you
have prosecuted as a lawyer first civil
cases the answer
none oh well how about criminal cases
how many criminal cases have you
prosecuted in your lifetime as a lawyer
none
how many motions have you filed before a
federal court none wait a minute
you were being chosen to head up the
Criminal Division of the Department of
Justice and you have no experience you
have never prosecuted a case never never
once been in a federal courtroom not one
time that's a fact it is an odd thing
for the Trump administration to have
chosen someone to lead hundreds of
prosecutors in the Criminal Division of
the Justice Department when that person
has never in their life filed a motion
in federal court let alone tried a case
right but this particular nominee in
addition to that almost bizarre lack of
relevant experience is also
controversial for another very specific
reason again his name is Brian Bench
Kowski he's a former staffer to Senator
Jeff Sessions before Senator sessions
became Attorney General mr. Bench Kowski
was also part of the Trump transition
when the Trump transition was over
because Trump was getting sworn in and
the administration was starting brian
bench Kowski put in a request that he be
considered for a job at the Justice
Department he put in that request and
then he left and he went back to private
practice specifically he went to work
for a Russian bank called alpha bank
which at the time was trying to clean up
its reputation after it appeared
prominently in the Christopher steel
dossier about ties between the Trump
campaign in Russia and after computer
servers for alpha bank were found to
have had mysterious electronic
communications with Trump Organization
computers over a period of several
months during the 2016 presidential
campaign those electronic communications
between the servers for alpha bank and
the Trump Organization during the
campaign those are as yet still
unexplained
Brian bench Kowski was hired by alpha
bank after he worked on the Trump
transition in the very early days of the
Trump administration to come in and help
alpha bank clean up its image to
essentially put
US law firm stamp of approval on
internal investigations that alpha Bank
commissioned to purportedly clear them
of any wrongdoing in any association
with the Trump campaign but the timeline
here is kind of astonishing so this guy
bench Kowski is working on the Trump
transition he then tells the Trump
administration he wants a Justice
Department job he leaves government
service and goes to work on that
whitewash effort for the Russian bank
exonerating it from its alleged role in
helping the Trump campaign collude with
Russia and a couple of reports that were
not exactly exonerating but they said
they were and then bingo immediately
after he helped Russian Alfa Bank with
their whitewash job there was no
collusion here we weren't part of any
funny business between the Russian
government and the Trump campaign
immediately after he works directly and
personally on that whitewash effort he
does in fact get a job offer from the
Trump administration and it's not like
they offered him a US Attorney job
somewhere they offered him a really
really really big job they offered him
to run the criminal division at the
Justice Department if he is actually
confirmed or on the criminal division at
the Justice Department among other
things that will put Bryan bench Kowski
in the line of succession to oversee the
Muller investigation
if Deputy Attorney General rod
Rosenstein ever gets fired or quits
today all Republicans in the Senate and
conservative Democratic Senator Joe
Manchin voted to clear the way for Bryan
bench Kowski to be confirmed to that job
tomorrow all Democrats except Joe
Manchin voted no all Republicans voted
yes that Bryan bench Kowski vote we
expect will be tomorrow
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
