some might call mr. Kavon or the Zelig
of young Republican lawyers as he's
managed to find himself at the center of
so many high-profile controversial
issues in his short career from the
notorious Starr report to the Florida
recount to this president secrecy and
privileged claims to post 9/11
legislative battles including the
victim's compensation fund two
controversial judicial nominations if
there's been a partisan political fight
that needed a good lawyer in the last
decade Brent Kavanagh was probably there
and if he was there there's no question
what side he was on Brett Kavanaugh was
nomination to the DC Circuit is not just
a drop of salt in the partisan wounds
it's the whole shaker April 2004 Senate
Democrats just baffled at the time that
the White House had sent over President
Bush's staff secretary for a position on
what is arguably the most important
Court in the country after the Supreme
Court took the white house two years to
get that nomination through because of
fierce resistance to the nominee because
of his background it took so long they
actually had to have a a very rare
second confirmation hearing on him in
2006 after he was initially nominated in
2003 but something happened at that
second confirmation hearing that ended
up being a really big deal watch Brett
Kavanaugh answer here it's Democratic
senator dick durbin questioning him
about the administration's detention and
interrogation policies so this is the
George W Bush era this is Guantanamo
black sites this is torture so-called
harsh interrogations
Senator Durbin asks Kavanagh what he
knew about a key architect of those
policies Kavanagh responds by saying you
have no idea wasn't involved senator I
did not I was not involved and am not
involved in the questions about the
rules governing governing detention of
combatants or and so I didn't do not
have any involvement with that I do not
have any involvement with it turns out
that was not true turns out Brett
Kavanaugh had been personally involved
in White House disk
questions about that issue according to
a report published about a year after
Cavanaugh got confirmed to the DC
Circuit Court when that report came out
Senator Durbin wrote Brett Kavanaugh a
letter dear judge Cavanaugh by
testifying under oath that you are not
involved in this issue it appears that
you misled me and the Senate Judiciary
Committee and the nation months later
when he became chairman of the Judiciary
Committee Senator Patrick Leahy actually
wrote again and basically referred those
alleged Mis statements by Judge
Kavanaugh during his confirmation
referred them to the Justice Department
for possible prosecution he wrote quote
false testimony by any witness is
troubling and undermines the Senate's
ability to fulfill its constitutional
duties on behalf of the American people
my concern is heightened in this
instance because the subject matter of
the possibly false testimony was highly
controversial and played a critical role
in many senators consideration of mr.
Cavanaugh's nomination for a lifetime
appointment to the bench mr. Kavanagh
has written response excuse me mr.
Kavanagh s responses to written
follow-up questions from Senator Durbin
reinforced the impression that mr.
Cavanaugh had no awareness or
involvement in the legal justifications
for the policy under Taney's until it
became public
Senator Durbin told roll call this month
that his office had no record of a
response from Cavanaugh to that letter
that they sent him 11 years ago and
obviously the Justice Department never
prosecuted him but dick Durbin is still
on the Judiciary Committee Democratic
Senator Pat Leahy is also still on the
committee are they going to resurface
this now does this end up being a bigger
deal now that Cavanaugh is back in front
of the committee he reportedly lied to
when he was before them the last time 12
years ago joining us now is sherrilyn
Ifill president and director counsel of
the n-double a-c-p legal defense and
education fund
ms:i fault it is nice to see you thank
you very much for being here thanks for
having me Rachel I wanted to ask about
how you foresee the fight over judge
Cavanaugh's nomination how you foresee
it unfolding over time and whether we
should look to the previous battles over
his confirmation for a lower court as a
as a sort of predictor in terms of how
things are going to unfold
well I think Rachel it's not actually a
predictor because I think this is going
to be so much bigger so much more of a
brawl the stakes are so much higher
certainly for civil rights groups for
women and many others the stakes are as
high as they can possibly be but think
about this this is a president who is
under a cloud of Investigation you've
talked about this as have other guests
on your show many of the issues that are
going to emanate from the Muller
investigation may make their way to the
Supreme Court this is a president who's
flirted with the idea of pardoning
himself so this whole process is already
under a cloud and the president
nominates someone who as Chuck Schumer
said has kind of been involved in all of
the past sticky controversies of
politics but he was an author of the
Starr report investigating President
Clinton you just described his role as
an adviser to President Bush and all of
the issues that involve detainee
mistreatment and misconduct all of that
now has to be pulled out along with ten
years of decisions on the DC Circuit
Court of Appeals he stands before the
mic last night and the first words given
all of this out of his mouth is
something patently outrageous for a
nominee to say he opens his mouth and
says that that no other president has
consulted more people more widely from
more backgrounds than this president in
trying to determine and get input on who
the Supreme Court nominee would be why
would he say that it was such a trumpian
statement it was something clearly that
the president wanted him to say and he
said it at precisely the time when he
needs to demonstrate independence given
the statements that he that he's made
about whether presidents can be
prosecuted and indicted and so forth so
this is off to a rocky start
regardless of what they want you to
believe this is going to be a very
difficult battle the Republicans have a
razor thin margin to deal with the what
happened to Judge garland looms over
this process as the Republicans try to
take Brett Kavanaugh to meet with
senators we have to remember that these
senators would not even meet with
Merrick garland who is the chief
of the DC Circuit Court of Appeals and
we have this voluminous record we have
some of it's a lot of it we don't have
the emails that we want to receive and
we have to painstakingly look at the
record of this nominee particularly
because the stakes are so high in terms
of civil rights and women's rights in
the course of democracy in this country
but also because of the president who is
under a cloud of Investigations this is
about the integrity of our democracy the
rule of law the integrity of the court
itself so this is going to be difficult
it's going to be hard fought it's going
to be long long anybody who's telling
you this is going to rush through that
maybe what Mitch McConnell wants but
that cannot happen if this is going to
be a process that is true to the advise
and consent requirements of the
Constitution sherrilyn Ifill president
and director counsel the n-double-a-cp
legal defense and education fund thank
you for being with us tonight I would
like you to come back in the next few
days to talk about one other element of
this that I think it's a little
premature to talk about yet but it's
going to come ripe in the next few days
which is the interaction of the legal
and political fight here with what we're
likely to see in terms of a protest
movement in terms of direct action and
people mobilizing on this issue I look
forward to having those conversations
with you as we see this see the Sun roll
Cheryl and happy to be back all right
we'll be right back with us hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
