I'm going to be asking for my own
sit-down with him I've never met him so
I'm anxious to meet him and and to be
able to to visit with him one-on-one so
there's there's some work that we all
have in front of us and I'm looking
forward to rolling up my sleeves and
getting to work I know that he is held
in high regard by many attorneys and
judges whom I know but obviously he
needs to go through the full vetting
process and I very much look forward to
meeting with him in my office
so right there representing the states
of Alaska and Maine two very critical
Republican senators if Brett Kavanaugh
is to be confirmed and sworn in as
justice Cavanaugh today was his first
day on Capitol Hill where he met with
the Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
Cavanaugh so-called Sherpa was there on
the right that's former Arizona
Republican Senator John Kyle he's with
him to help him make the rounds getting
to know you type deal president Trump's
nominee also met with the Senate
Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley the
Iowa Republican called Cavanaugh a
respected jurist with outstanding
opinions the robust and loud PR
campaigns for and against his
confirmation already well underway some
Democratic senators went for sheer
volume last night after this nominee was
announced we have the American people on
our side now we've got to go state by
state by state to make sure that
senators do what their constituents what
I want to tell you right now we will not
go backwards
Surrender we will go forward
judge Cavanaugh has been sitting on a
pre-approved list of right-wing nominees
for eight months now I have reviewed his
record and let me tell you Brett
Kavanaugh did not end up on this list
because he is the consensus nominee
that's pretty much how that went michael
shara the Washington Post wrote last
night quote groups on both sides have
prepared multi-million dollar digital
and television ad campaigns set to start
Monday night even before President
Trump's announcement that Brett and
Cavanaugh will be his Supreme Court
nominee the battle plans were in place
and the arguments have been framed what
happens next is a no-holds-barred fight
for public opinion and Senate votes
which history suggests the president is
heavily favored to win at least one
organization the women's March might
have shot itself in the foot last night
a Fox news.com reporter grabbed a screen
shot of a press release from the
organization calling for the defeat of
the nominee but the two exes indicated
it was written before we knew who the
nominee was going to be with us tonight
to talk about all of it the
aforementioned Michael Scherer national
political reporter for The Washington
Post and Nancy cook back with us as well
White House reporter for Politico so
Michael I know some of this is going
over already plowed ground where do you
put the odds right now we know kind of
what the math is even without John
McCain as a live voting member there in
the in the Senate chamber when it
happens yeah I think if you watch the
body language of Murkowski and Collins
today and they really are the key votes
here one of them alone if the Democrats
hold together and McCain doesn't return
could sink the nomination it wasn't good
for Democrats it would the basic body
language was to say you know of course
we're gonna go through the process we're
gonna do a thorough review but but there
were no immediate warning signs flashing
from either of them and that suggests
that this is going to be a very
difficult path for Democrats unless
something comes out and you know we've
been through enough of these to know
that something could come out
Cavanaugh has a very long paper trail
and they will actually do the due
diligence here both sides are gonna
actually you know dig deep into his
paper trail talk to people anyone who
has any complaint about them will have
an opportunity to come forward to the
committee and you know if they have a
credible complaint something new comes
out you know that that could affect the
outcome of this Nancy people forget you
know Earl Warren was a governor and the
governor's obviously bring a record to
the Supreme Court
a rookie member of the federal bench who
hasn't written much would obviously be
more of an enigma but as Michael points
out we're talking about 300 opinions
give or take let me ask you something
lightly infused by Michael Corleone and
that is how are they gonna come at this
guy well I think Democrats are really
planning to go after him a few ways
they're planning to go after the idea
that he could roll back potentially roe
v-- wade and reproductive rights that he
could undo gun control restrictions that
he could dismantle the Affordable Care
Act and I think the new strategy that
the Democrats have really hit on today
after knowing exactly who the nominee is
is the idea that he could somehow impede
impeachment proceedings if the house if
the Democrats took back the house hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
