well a couple of hours after the
president landed in Brussels say for a
NATO summit to be followed by a visit to
London where he will meet the Queen and
then a private one-on-one meeting with
Vladimir Putin in Helsinki the United
States Senate had a roll call vote that
was almost unanimous and that is the
same United States Senate that is
paralyzed by party divisions more
extreme than we have ever seen in the
Senate's modern history that same
divided Senate voted 97 to 2 to in
effect rebuke the President of the
United States today here is what
provoked the Senate to act today they're
going well President Trump be prepared
you know President Putin is KGB and this
said that you know what Putin's fine
he's fine
we're all fine with people Putin's fine
Democratic senator Jack Reed of Rhode
Island didn't like hearing that and
let's be clear President Putin is not
quote unquote fine as recently
reaffirmed by the Senate Select
Committee on Intelligence in which I
said President Putin direct an attack on
our 2016 elections with the intent of
undermining public confidence in our
democratic process that is just some of
what Senator Reid said when he rose on
the Senate floor today to introduce
language to be attached to a defense
authorization bill Senator Reid is the
senior Democrat on the Armed Services
Committee and so that means he is the
Democrats floor manager on this bill and
it was in that role as the floor manager
of that bill that he introduced language
to be attached to the bill to quote
reaffirm the commitment of the United
States to the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization Alliance as a community of
freedom peace security and shared values
including Liberty human rights democracy
and the rule of law Jack Reed introduced
that language at the end of a day that
was full of Trump attacks against
including false statements on Twitter
about the financing of NATO and the
president tweeting repeatedly about NATO
and so after the president spent the day
attacking NATO on his way to the NATO
summit Democratic Senator Jack Reed rose
on the Senate floor a member of the
seemingly powerless Democratic minority
in the United States Senate an
introduced language to attach to a bill
that would rebuke everything everything
that the president said today about NATO
and Democrat Jack Reed got ninety seven
votes on the Senate floor today against
everything that the president has been
saying about NATO there was more in the
language of the Senate but the Senate
attached to that bill today more of that
language including reaffirming quote the
ironclad commitment of the United States
to its obligations under Article five
the North Atlantic Treaty to the
collective self-defense of the North
Atlantic Treaty Organization Alliance
the Senate reaffirmed today in that
language that the United States would
rush to the defense of any member of
NATO that comes under attack Mitch
McConnell voted for that direct
disagreement with the president every
Republican voted for that except the two
Republicans who sometimes call
themselves libertarians Rand Paul and
Mike Lee and every Democrat voted for
that the language that 97 senators voted
for today went on to endorse quote
long-term strategy using all elements of
United States national power to deter
and if necessary defeat Russian
aggression the Russian aggression that
Donald Trump pretends doesn't exist and
that language made a demand of the
president in dealing with Russia the
language attached to the bill now says
that it calls on the administration to
urgently prioritize the
completion of a comprehensive whole of
government strategy to counter malign
activities of Russia that seek to
undermine faith in democratic
institutions in the United States and
around the world and to submit that
strategy to Congress without delay 97
senators voted for that rebuke of the
Trump administration and its relations
with Russia a display of bipartisanship
unlike anything we have seen in recent
memory and on the Senate floor today
Jack Reed explained something about NATO
that everyone in the Senate already
knows but the President does not seem to
understand the United States
participates in NATO because we believe
the Trans lenok partnership is in the US
national Ettore interest and not because
other countries are paying us for
protection and that was a very direct
rebuke to what the president said this
morning on his way to Air Force One NATO
has not treated as fairly but I think
we'll work something out we pay far too
much and they pay far too little so I
have NATO
I have the UK which is in somewhat
turmoil and frankly Putin may be the
easiest of them all who would think who
would think no one would think no one
would think Putin is the easiest to deal
with and no one in the United States
Senate would think that Putin is the
easiest head of state the president
Trump will deal with this week this
morning the European Council President
Donald Tusk directed these remarks at
President Trump as he was on his way to
the NATO summit dear president Trump
America does not have and will not have
a better Ally than Europe the America
appreciate your allies after all you
don't have that many
please remember about this tomorrow when
we meet at the NATO summit but above all
when you meet President Putin in
Helsinki it is always worth knowing who
is your strategic part friend and who is
your strategic problem leading off our
discussion now david korn Washington
bureau chief for mother jones co-author
of the best-selling book russian
roulette and an MSNBC political analyst
Ruth Marcus's with US Deputy editorial
page editor and columnist for Washington
Post she's an MSNBC contributor and
David Lee and heart up ed columnist for
The New York Times is also joining us
and Ruth Marcus I wanted to begin with
you with this vote that we saw in the
Senate for today 97 basically rebuking
the president's Twitter feed for the
previous several hours and just about
everything the president has to say
publicly about Vladimir Putin's so it's
astonishing
I mean in this Senate that you could get
97 votes for anything that goes beyond
naming a post office but I think what's
even more astonishing is that it's
necessary right who would have thought
that you would have to have a the Senate
explaining to a President of the United
States about the role of NATO the
importance of NATO and the need to take
action against country that interfere
dinh your election that's where we are
remember a year
go we were all in a tizzy about whether
the president would reaffirm the
commitment NATO commitment to go to the
defense of other countries other NATO
allies were under attack and whether he
would say the magic words
now we're not worried that he's gonna
fail to say the magic words were just
worried that he's gonna blow the whole
darn thing up and that is why you get 97
very alarmed senators David Lean our
cure knows newspaper reporting about the
Trump Putin phone telephone relationship
saying during a phone call with mr.
Putin in March mr. Trump and mr. Trump
he told mr. Putin that Russia and the
United States should get along and
better and he described as stupid people
the unnamed Trump administration
officials whom the Russian president
said had tried to prevent the call from
happening according to a person with
direct knowledge of the conversation
which sounds like a charming master they
always have to be concerned about those
people who have left the administration
with knowledge of conversations like
that but but David the the idea that the
the president is having these phone
calls with Vladimir Putin and in and
basically disowning the people who work
for him in the White House disowning his
own aides disowning all of Congress
disowning decades of American policy I
mean what is so alarming about this is
if you ask yourself what would Vladimir
Putin want Donald Trump to be saying
what would he want her to be saying out
on that White House driveway what would
he want him to be tweeting Donald Trump
is consistently doing basically exactly
what flat and Rutten would want him to
do in terms of his public statements I
have no idea why that is right that's
part of what the Mahler investigation is
trying to get at to get at whether there
really is some kind of leverage that
Russia has over Trump we have no idea
but but day after day after day Trump
does things that are damaging to the
interests of the United States of
America damaging to our allies and
really quite helpful to Vladimir Putin
and Russia david korn after almost two
years of this presidency now are
approaching the second year of it are we
any closer to understanding why
Donald Trump views Vladimir Putin this
way yes and no I mean some of it might
be quite simple in the book that I did
with Michael Isikoff we talked about
Trump's desire to do business in Russia
over a couple decades and that certainly
led him to want to curry favor with
Putin probably we don't know but he's
probably not trying to do business right
at this moment although he did during
the campaign but I think he has a
psychological affinity for Putin when he
took the Miss Universe contest they're
not 2013 he's put it out
we'll put Putin become my new best
friend this is a thug who committed
human rights abuses election fraud it
was right before Ukraine but you had a
lot of reasons to not want this guy as a
friend and in the run-up to the summit
now we see him tweeting that Russia says
they didn't meddle in our election and
as you showed him calling Putin a fine
person what what's happening is that
both Trump and Putin are engaging in the
same cover-up that both trying to cover
up Russia's attack on the 2016 election
it's it's you know I I don't want to get
like my hair on fire Lawrence but
seriously the president the United
States is legitimizing Russian
disinformation to protect Moscow after
it attacked the United States to me the
97 no vote in the Senate while fine
doesn't go nearly far enough to address
the seriousness seriousness of the
situation and Ruth Marcus your newspaper
Washington Post reporting that some
White House officials worried that Putin
who has had held several calls with
Trump plays on the president's
inexperience and lack of detailed
knowledge about issues while stoking
Trump's grievances it's not us Putin has
told Trump the official summarized it's
the subordinates fighting against our
friendship and Ruth Marcus those
subordinates are leaking profusely to
the Washington Post and The New York
Times about their worries about the
president meeting with Vladimir Putin
well we can we have seen time after time
how easily President Trump is
manipulated including manipulated by
foreign leaders one
best ways to manipulate him is to
flatter him and to tell him how
wonderful and good he is he is ignorant
of a lot of historical facts so you
start to explain to him for example that
Crimea really should be part of Russia
and he's like oh yeah okay that makes
sense to me
Putin is of perhaps all the foreign
leaders the most adept at manipulating
he's dealt with many US presidents and
he is just in the catbird seat with
Trump and the notion that they could be
meeting without any other officials or
aides present just should scare the heck
out of not just ninety seven senators
but all of us and David the the
president will probably it surely be
discussing sanctions with Vladimir Putin
Vladimir Putin's attempt to get rid of
those sanctions but this is the only
president in history who in effect has
applied sanctions to the European Union
through tariffs I this is a president
who has illegally imposed tariffs on the
European Union claiming a national
security purpose for those tariffs which
is the only legal way of doing it that
is both a violation of the law directly
it's violation of international law it's
a violation of the world trade
agreements that we are a part of and
this president is going to be in a
discussion with those European leaders
they have to decide for themselves
apparently how they're gonna deal with
him on on tariffs or whether there's
even a way to deal with him on tariffs
and what's so crazy about those tariffs
they undermine another part of Trump's
trade policy so Trump is also levying
tariffs on China which wall-eyed they're
not the smartest way to go about it he's
with China there's actually a real
problem there China has been doing all
kinds of bad stuff on the world stage
stealing intellectual property
subsidizing their own businesses not
letting other countries into their
market and so Trump talked stuff about
China but the real way to be tough on
China would be to come up with an
alliance with Europe and together have
Europe in the United States say to China
you guys are too big and powerful to be
cheating as much as you are and instead
what Trump has done is he's picked all
these fights with Europe
you've mentioned levying these tariffs
on Europe really for no reason sort of
made-up problems between the US and
Europe and how they levy tariffs on us
and so it undermines what is a much more
serious issue in trade which is how to
go after the role that China is playing
today and of course in the process it
also ends up hurting a whole bunch of US
companies and US consumers so it's just
really a big loser for the US economy
and a big loser for the US on the
geopolitical stage david korn
we will I suppose never be able to trust
what was actually said in the one-on-one
meeting between Donald Trump and
Vladimir Putin can't trust Donald
Trump's account of it can't trust Blair
and Putin's account of it that leaves us
with the translators they will be they
will be getting chased for the rest of
their lives by reporters and historians
trying to figure out what these two
actually did say to each other and
there's the question of how much can we
trust the translators we just may never
know I don't think it's like that great
song from Hamilton no one was in the no
one was in the room where it happened
and as Ruth so aptly described it really
seems like Putin has the upper hand at
least psychologically in playing Trump
Trump you know fawns over this guy he
wants acceptance from Putin he sees the
world as a club that he and Putin
perhaps can rule together and he shows
nothing but dismissiveness towards our
allies who share our valor that values
whether it's Germany or Canada or a
number of the countries and so I mean
we're kind of at the mercy here and not
of a chump but of almost a Putin who I
think has the ability to turn Trump
against his own staff against American
entrants certainly and against our
allies david korn david lee at heart
thank you for starting off our
discussion tonight thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
