before the president flew to Europe
today he said he has no idea how to
reunite the children and parents who he
ordered to be separated and arrested at
the southern border of course the
president didn't say it quite as clearly
as that solution tell people not to come
to our country illegally that's the
solution no that's not a solution the
president was being asked about the
people who have already come to this
country and are being held in federal
custody including babies and children
and his response was to talk about
people who have not come to this country
in other words he has no idea what to
say about his government's inability to
reunite the children who the President
ordered to be separated from their
parents in two weeks ago a federal judge
in San Diego ordered that all of the
children under the age of five be
reunited with their parents as of today
and the government told the court that
102 children under the age of five have
been separated from their families and
that as of today's court session the
government was able to reunite only for
four of those children with their
families government lawyers told the
judge in San Diego that they hoped to
reunite more later today because the
government now has to account for every
one of these children in court the
Department of Health and Human Services
was forced to reveal today that they
have no idea what to do with one of the
children who might actually be a citizen
of the United States in documents filed
in court and in a press release the
Department of Health and Human Services
said one child cannot be reunified at
this time because the parents location
has been unknown for more than a year
records show the parent and child might
be US citizens the judge ordered the
government to speed up the process of
reunification while
another federal judge in Los Angeles
overseeing the Flores case which has
established the rules for holding
children crossing the border in federal
custody denied the Trump government's
request to change the Flores rules to
allow children to be held in custody for
more than 20 days the judge in the
Flores case said that the Trump
administration's legal argument for
changing the rules was quote tortured
faced with these court orders the New
York Times reports tonight that the
Trump administration will release
hundreds of migrant families wearing
ankle bracelet monitors into the United
States effectively returning to the
catch and release policy that President
Trump promised to eliminate when we come
back from this break we'll hear directly
from families who have been separated at
the southern border today is the
deadline or the chamalla it's so but
they haven't told them anything but
Kasich II he worries making at any time
sort of those onions because the
youngest one is a-ok in asuna de los
ninos Kerry they were selling tarragon
okay he is one of the kids that should
be real mr. Popple Oliver didn't sudden
mother not in detail but I'm very
concerned because I don't know anything
yesterday Republican Linda Chavez a
veteran of the Reagan administration
said this the sheer level of
incompetence of this administration in
dealing with this issue there's just
such callous indifference they are not
treating these people as carefully as
airlines treat dogs whom you ship
overseas NBC's Gabe Gutierrez joins us
from El Paso Texas and Gabe to Linda
Chavez's point about the incompetence we
have this shocking story tonight that
one of the children might actually be a
United States citizen and and that
child's parent might actually be a
United States citizen and so putting the
child in custody would have been wrong
from the start yeah I learned well what
we've been hearing on the ground from
immigration activists and from migrant
families isn't themselves this is an
incredible frustration with this process
and with the lack of planning that went
into this the fact that government
agencies don't seem to be talking with
each other in order to reunite these
families now as you've been reporting
there is a lot of confusion now and
there continues will be over the next
couple of days as the the government
lawyers and attorneys for the ACLU try
to hash out this timeline for when these
final reunifications will happen but we
can tell you that we have been speaking
with several of these migrant families
today and yesterday and throughout the
past several days one of them that we
spoke with was a migrant father his name
is Mario 32 years old he was able to
speak face to face with his ten-year-old
daughter for the first time today after
only been able to speak with her a
couple of times by phone over the past
several weeks he was in a desperate
situation he said really wanting to
finally be reunited with her and he
doesn't know when that will happen this
is really happening throughout the
country
laurens we've been hearing about the
parents of these younger children which
is so some question about how many of
them have actually been reunited tonight
the government saying that 32 would
happen before the end of the day but we
heard from another
another father from Guatemala he was
outside a courthouse in Los Angeles
today emotionally talking about how he
couldn't get a hold or couldn't be
reunited with his son all the way in New
York at a shelter in New York here's
some of his emotional news conference
that he gave today take a listen
lift up on his person could see us our
vivo oh say say when we need okay what's
our motto when you lay Lunas MINUSTAH
why you around oh then you make us
believe it but you don't ask your mother
maybe and this is something we've been
hearing from many of these families they
say once they finally do reach their
children that these children are so
young that they seem angry at times they
feel that these children think that
their parents somehow abandon them and
that speaks to really the trauma that
some of these families are going with we
spoke with another woman 37 years old
digna she's from El Salvador we met her
at a local shelter here Annunciation
house and she talked about that gun
wrenching moment when she had to say
goodbye to her young children that one
nine year old son and another girl who
was six years old take a listen to her
story
cuanto tiempo Miriah Turner pero quiero
que se Cayo we arrived in self-produced
eres no se cuando see what said una
semana o no se quantonium or a pro se
vaya preocupado por que yo you're a
disciple usted you see mr. M my
parenting will not already so while the
government says that those 38 of the
youngest children will be reunited by
the end of today and we're still waiting
confirmation on that lawrence nearly
3000 separated children of all ages now
have to be reunited according to that
court order by July 26 Long's Gabe
Gutierrez thank you once again tonight
for your invaluable reporting really
appreciate it thanks for checking out
our you
Tube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
