okay here's a question for you how many
Nazis and/or Holocaust deniers and/or
explicit white nationalists
or pro Confederacy fetishists are
running for offices here at least half a
dozen and weirdly they're all running as
Republicans including the actual avowed
Nazi Arthur Jones running in a Chicago
area congressional district who
Republican senator Ted Cruz of Texas
instructed voters not to vote for even
if it meant choosing the Democrat
there's also a Holocaust denier running
for Congress in California as a
Republican a white supremacist running
for the State House in North Carolina in
Wisconsin Paul Nolan the self-described
Pro white candidate once the darling of
Breitbart and Steve Bannon is running
for Paul Ryan seat pro Confederacy
candidate Corey Stewart is running for
US Senate from Virginia
he's been openly supported by President
Trump and then there's this guy Seth
Grossman running in a swing
congressional district in New Jersey who
made plenty of bigoted remarks but only
lost his NRCC endorsement after Media
Matters unearthed his enthusiastic
endorsement of a 2014 white nationalist
propaganda piece that said black people
quote are a threat to all those who
cross their paths Kareem John Pierce a
spokesperson and senior adviser for move
on Jason Kander is a former Missouri
Secretary of State currently president
of voting rights organization led
America vote and Evan McMullen is a
former chief policy director of the
House Republican Conference and ran for
president in 2016 as an independent Evan
you know the the the Arthur Jones story
in in Dan Lipinski's district in in
Congress he knows it's a little bit of a
weird one he sort of snuck in there no
one had filed
he's a explicit like American Nazi you
know that could be sort of chalked up as
a kind of weird wrinkle of this sort of
odious gadfly but there's more than that
here there is something that's really
unnerving here am I wrong no you're
right about that but I think even in the
Arthur Jones case he made a decision to
run as a Republican and true he made it
he might have seen an opportunity there
to gather the signatures required and
sneak onto the ballot when no one else
would given the nature of the district
but there's a reason why the Republican
Party is attracting these types of
candidates and and it's because there is
an audience in the party for this kind
of candidate for this kind of corrosive
cancerous on
American ideology and and these
candidates are running as Republicans
not Democrats and there there's a reason
for that yeah this the Grossman story is
really remarkable to me Kareem I mean
this is someone this is a swing district
this is someone who there was a lot of
stories about really nasty stuff that
he'd said bigoted statements he made he
NRCC had endorsed him stuck with him and
then this is what he wrote he wrote this
he linked to this article and the
article said this my experience has
taught me that blacks are different by
almost any measure to all other people
they cannot reason as well they cannot
communicate as well they cannot control
their impulses as well they are a threat
to all who cross their paths black and
non black alike that is textbook
textbook white supremacy races yeah and
here's the thing Chris I mean white
supremacy racism has been around for a
long time since the beginning of this
country so that is actually not new
what's new here is the they are now
empowered to publicly run right as a
white supremacist and all the other
awful hateful things that they were
listing themselves under and that is
what has changed and I think the direct
link to that is Donald Trump Donald
Trump has given them the green light to
to be public to be out there because he
doesn't have a he doesn't have a whistle
he has a bullhorn he talks about racism
when we talked about this type of white
identity politics that really all of
this is under and and when you have the
head of the Republican Party when you
have the President of the United States
Donald Trump watching protesters
neo-nazis marching down Charlottesville
and praising them what are you doing
you're enabling that you're giving a
green light to that and that is what
where we are today unfortunately yeah
you know the Nealon the paul nolan case
is interesting to jason i want to be
careful airman but mainstream
Republicans really have rejected
Melanie's you know there's a lot of
folks who said he's odious but this is a
guy who the president tweeted about
enthusiastically back right Breitbart
Bannon was a big fan of him I think
appeared at a rally who is started you
know tweeting about the Jewish media all
over the place calling himself pro right
like he is basically like out-and-out
anti-semite at this point and this is a
guy who was like a stolen throw away
from the power centers of the Republican
Party yet there's a couple of things
here one is a
has already been alluded to you have the
president United States emboldened these
folks I mean literally referring to them
as very fine people this is not history
book stuff this is on the March right
now and then the other piece is the
policy side of this and that is the
fight for voting rights for instance we
have to recognize not that these fights
are back from the past but instead that
the civil rights movement never actually
ended if you go to Birmingham and you go
to the museum there and you look at the
articles on the wall you'll be
immediately reminded of the fact that
the march in Selma was about registering
to vote and what are we talking about
all the time right now we're talking
about you know just the last couple of
days a possible Supreme Court justice
who is really opposed to voting rights
you know largely for certain populations
in this country so you know this is
scary because you have a president who
is telling these folks you know sending
them signals that this is okay but it's
also scary because of the extension of
it that says it's okay to suppress the
voice of whole populations of the
country you know Evan there's a question
you know during the primary and the
first part of the Trump administration
about sort of his relationship with the
conservative movement the Republican
Party it's been belabored a bit but at
this point it does seem like that his
vision for what the Republican Party is
is what the party is at this point yeah
that's right and I think one of the
problems that the party has is that it
views these candidates naively and
incorrectly and and opportunistically in
some cases as anomalies in and that's
just it's it's wrong I mean Donald Trump
saw this opportunity within the party in
2011 when he started with the birther
nonsense he saw that around that time
45% of Republicans thought that Obama
probably wasn't born in the United
States that number rose by the time we
got to may of 2016
69 percent of Trump supporters those who
felt favorably about Trump believe that
Obama probably wasn't born in the United
States and this has been a problem since
he was since the Republicans took the
Southern Strategy but it is so it is not
an anomaly and I would like to comment
on something Jason said which is a good
point
which was the civil rights movement
hasn't ended or shouldn't be thought to
have ended we have to understand that
the the fight for equality is one that's
eternal there were there will always be
voices who try to divide us and try to
say some of us are better than others
it happens around the world it will
never end that's why a Republicans
Democrats and everyone else as Americans
especially because this is fundamental
to who we are we have to understand that
this is a fight that will always
continue we always have to be committed
to that principle and actively fighting
for it and if Republicans don't actively
fight for it and only occasionally
comment on these these lunatic white
supremacist candidates they they will
see their party taken over by this
movement quickly Kareem the other thing
is the president refers talks about
Muslims and immigrants particularly in
ways that are entirely consistent with
how these folks talk about black people
are Jews
that's exactly right I mean that's the
whole point that is the the message at
the that Donald Trump has been sending
them that's why they're doing it that's
why we see anti hate groups have said
there's been an uptick a record number
of white supremacist running this this
time around in this election and here's
the thing 88 percent of Republicans
support Donald Trump so this is the
Republican Party and they've enabled it
they fostered it they've allowed this
one last point I'm gonna make really
quickly in 2012 Mitt Romney sought after
Donald Trump's endorsement even was
going to give him a primetime slot in
the convention until the hurricane
happened this is a year after he was the
Grand Wizard for the birther movement
people been playing with that fire Jason
for a while yeah and at the end of the
day if you're a Republican candidate or
a Republican officeholders right now you
got a draw a line and you got to say
look I expect my commander-in-chief to
have the courage to stand up to the KKK
and Nazis like period he failed that
test and I will say that as for the NRCC
they did the right thing in the case of
that New Jersey race so kudos for them
on that Kareem jump here you haven't
McMullen Jason Kander thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date
the videos were putting out you can
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
