Democrats are waging war on Trump's High
Court pick issues like abortion health
care have already mobilized a lot of
concern on the left but now the
Democrats opening punch goes farther
than policy alleging Donald Trump may
have made this pick with corrupt intent
building a kind of a wall to defend
himself against further problems or even
prosecution in the Moller probe now
before we go any further let's be clear
even for a president who's been credibly
accused of meddling in open criminal
investigations this new charge from
Democrats is serious it requires
evidence to be taken seriously
but it also shows the unusual era we are
living in right now and clearly the
intensity of many Democrats opposition
to this new nominee judge Brett
Kavanaugh who's making his way to
Capitol Hill today for meetings working
on the nomination all amidst reports
that millions will be spent on this
fight now Kavanagh is known for
scholarly and strongly conservative
opinions including sometimes breaking
with his own colleagues to stake out
positions that are seen as conservative
and pro-life but what's interesting
tonight is Democrats not only looking at
his ideology but to his alleged
partisanship the line of attack is that
his views may just shift based on what
the Republican Party wants Democrats say
Kavanagh was a slashing partisan
prosecutor when he worked for
controversial independent counsel Ken
Starr investigating Bill Clinton that
was an entire probe of course built on
the premise that a president can be
investigated while in office and which
featured Kavanagh saying he was strongly
opposed to giving the president any
break but after that case led to the
impeachment of a yes Democratic
president Cavanaugh moved on to a
position welcomed by Trump allies today
writing presidents should generally be
exempted while in office from criminal
investigations and testifying along
similar lines impeachment and and then
conviction taken to account more than
just the facts it wasn't just a simple
question of whether there was a
violation of law committed but there
were broader considerations for the
country that is all the kind of
ammunition Democrats are seizing on
right now the thing the president is
most obsessed with is the mauler
investigation and Cavanaugh is the
strongest against such an investigation
things that Congress should pass
specific legislation to insulate the
president from either criminal or civil
processes while in office this seems to
be them of all the people the most
self-serving person he could choose in
order to protect himself from this
criminal investigation a Senate Democrat
a former prosecutor himself Richard
Blumenthal will join me in just a moment
on all this but first I want to bring an
attorney vince warren who runs the
Center for Constitutional Rights former
federal prosecutor Elliot Williams and
at least Howe president of NARAL
pro-choice America which works with
Planned Parenthood let me start with you
is this the right tack I there's a lot
of reasons to go after this nominee
potentially and what given the length of
his paper trail and given all that might
be found when when the Democrats
actually do take a look at it you know
certainly they should take a look at his
partisan background every partisan fight
over potentially the last 10 or 20 years
if you notice he's he's been a bit
player or a player to it so potentially
that could be Bush vs. gore that could
be questions over interrogation and
detention and all of these are going to
show up in his record so certainly it
behooves the Democrats in the Senate to
take a close look at his record and and
really see what they can find as a
lawyer I can't help but observe you
didn't really answer the question is
this attack that he is a ranked partisan
Republican the right place to start yes
or no it is a place to start I same
question for you and I know there's
certain issues that your organization
works on and I should mention full
disclosure many years ago I worked there
at the Center for conscious rights but
is this the right place to start I think
it is the right place to start and there
are a couple of reasons for this number
one is that when Donald Trump says that
he's going to appoint somebody that's
going to gut Roe vs. Wade and Obamacare
we should believe him we also know
enough about this president to be able
to to intuit that his game plan at least
is to appoint someone who is going to
give him a personally good outcome I
think that is something that we can you
know take to the bank
the next question about whether
Kavanaugh is going to flip and mold
himself based on those those waters is a
slightly harder question but based on
his record I see nothing in his record
that would show to me at least that he
would not expand presidential power of
benefit of this president that he would
not move forward a lot of the issues
that Donald Trump thinks are really
important and as such I think the
president has essentially nominated his
own Savior his own Savior and at least I
want to get your views and we've had you
on the show of course to talk about
women right women's rights in this
context and we'll get to that but first
take a listen to Chuck Schumer again out
here the person making this argument and
leading on this idea that it's a kind of
a corrupt choice he said the president
shouldn't be investigated he's gone so
far as to say a president if he could
declares the law unconstitutional
doesn't have to obey it how is he going
to react if Muller needs a subpoena
if Muller needs some other action he's
probably the most extreme and it
wouldn't surprise me if that was very
important to Donald Trump knowing Donald
Trump and I have no proof do you think
he didn't inquire about this either
directly or indirectly knowing Donald
Trump at least yeah I mean look I think
if Donald Trump's obsession with
self-preservation and Mike Pence's
obsession with controlling women had a
love child it would be Brett Kavanaugh
we have literally seen Mike Pence right
before I went on this show doubling down
on his desire to gut Roe versus Wade
criminalize abortion at the same time we
know this president will do everything
he can to avoid investigation and as
Senator Schumer said expanding his
powers I think these are complementary
arguments people care about an
independent judiciary they also care
about women's capacity to have personal
freedoms and freedom over our future
these aren't actually left positions
these are very mainstream American
positions right that's certainly the
case especially if the Democrats sort of
have a multi-prong attack and explain
what it means to overturn Roe throughout
the land Vince
obviously all serious legal issues are
adjudicated on the view and that's where
you'll find Alan Dershowitz but although
he has been very supportive of things
that helped the white house he himself
what was not warm on this pick take a
look at Alan Dershowitz on the view I
wouldn't have nominated
in my choice he might have to recuse
himself based on what he is previously
written that is subtraction for this
recusal argument and it could be the
Supreme Court that ultimately has the
final word if molar pushes it on whether
this president has to go to the grand
jury it might be might also be the first
thing that Alan Dershowitz and I have
ever agreed on in the history of
jurisprudence but I think it is an
important piece particularly around his
Cavanaugh's love his passionate love for
expanding presidential power
particularly the presidential power of
the president that he is employed by or
that he's been nominated right I mean
you're you're speaking to the point
there's the power theories and you have
those big debates it's the court has
held that for example in the war making
power that the drone power is not easy
to question regardless of who's
president the Democrats are singling out
the Cavanagh didn't seem to feel as
strongly about this when Bill Clinton
was president that's that's definitely
true but I think we also have to expand
it out to look at what presidential
power does so in the context of
Guantanamo detainees and torture
actually judge Kavanagh was was was a
judge on the circuit court of appeals
that dismissed a case that we had that
the Center for Constitutional Rights
with over 200 victims of torture in Abu
Ghraib prison this is a this is a man
who looks clearly at what he sees as the
rules that are the most open and
available to the President to be able to
establish that kind of presidential
power really without regard of the human
beings that it's at the defense and the
flip side though is that this is a
respected scholarly jurist who doesn't
have any problem with his professional
acumen who's a be a rating anything like
that okay fine but the president United
States promised that he was going to
nominate a justice that would overturn
roe v wade that would be hostile to
administrative law generally that would
roll back all kinds of rights that are
near and dear to many Americans many of
us here right yeah I think we really
need to dispense with the credentials
argument as well as like he's a good
carpool dad and a good soccer coach
everything is on the line with this
domination it's about his ideology it's
about his willingness to break with his
circuit court on crucial issues of
constitutional rights rights to abortion
but other rights as well rights to
contraception and it's about whether
he's gonna be a rubber stamp for this
president so the baseline arguments are
relevant and we need all of the Senators
to push hard on and on that and then
I'll go back to Le Brun Natalie speak to
his his more I would say overruled
ultimately views on say an immigrant who
wanted to exercise the right to abortion
which a lot of people felt was a sign if
he would go that far in an appeals court
imagine him with life tenure on the
Supreme Court what's your analysis of
that absolutely I mean he not only
parted from his Circuit Court but he
wrote a very strongly worded just
dissent in arguing that a woman should
be detained against her will after Court
had ordered her release to terminated
and unwanted pregnancy a young
undocumented woman he also argued in a
different dissent that you know the
religious accommodation for
contraception coverage in the ACA was
not sufficient even though all it meant
was that people had to sign a form those
are ideological positions they run afoul
of what most American people want I mean
look at Kaiser Family Foundation how to
pull out just two weeks ago that showed
that 73 percent of self-identified
independence want Roe vs. Wade
upheld these centers have to think very
very carefully about what they're doing
in this moment so panel hang with me I
want to now bring it as province
Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal
Connecticut who serves on a Jewish a
committee senator I thank you for
joining us have you been listening to
the spirited debate here I will say on
behalf of the panel we have very
talented lawyers but if you ever watch
Sesame Street when they say one of these
things is different than all the others
you have a vote none of us do walk us
through how you're exercising your vote
and how you get to a majority to block
this nominee if as your colleagues have
said that's the goal first I'm
privileged to join this highly talented
team of lawyers I was a law clerk on the
United States Supreme Court for Harry
Blackmun the year after he wrote the
majority opinion in roe v wade I've
argued cases before the United States
Supreme Court four of them I really
regard this institution with reverence
as well
respect and what Donald Trump is doing
talk about partisan is outsourcing and
delegating this decision to right-wing
fringe groups that are implementing
screening and vetting this nominee for
the Trump litmus test automatically
overturn roe v-- wade cut back
healthcare rights disregard voting
rights civil rights this court will be
shaped for decades what are we doing to
stop this nomination well of course
first like good lawyers on the Judiciary
Committee we're doing a ton of research
and of course what we've discovered is
that this nominee is in favor of giving
the president power to fire the special
counsel who is investigating him that he
is in favor of vast expansion of
presidential power when most Americans
today want Donald Trump to be checked
and bridled
because he's out of control personally
as well as in terms of authority and of
course he has favored holding the
consumer finance Protection Board
unconstitutional he doesn't like what it
does protecting consumer but he thinks
the president ought to have control over
so these kinds of knowledge and facts
are very very relevant and what we're
gonna do is make the case the American
people that he is not the right nominee
right wing friend the product of a
corrupt process and a president who has
made himself the puppet of these groups
and look at how relevant these issues
are right now Rudy Giuliani on Sunday
said the president oughta continue to
have pardon power who will determine
whether President Trump can pardon
himself or his cronies the swing vote
this nominee who will determine whether
he has to comply with a subpoena from
the special counsel this nominee and he
must absolutely must recuse himself that
is a bare minimum that my colleague
should insist on him doing so when you
when you say make the case the American
people we've heard Chuck Schumer say
that is that basically an outside-in
strategy that you say that the American
people and you get enough pressure on
people like Collins or Murkowski to come
back around I mean walk us through for
viewers who are saying okay I hear the
Democrats have woken up but it feels to
some people we've heard the argument
years late and what is the strategy to
get 251 251 votes here the strategy is
to take this case to the American people
just as we did on the Affordable Care
Act when really nobody gave us a chance
of fending off the Trump attack on
health care here we have the same issues
where Donald Trump has named someone who
will be the key vote on eliminating many
of the protections under the Affordable
Care Act including the protection for
millions of Americans who suffer from
pre-existing conditions will take us
back to the darkest days in this country
when abortion was criminalized women
were prosecuted women die women were
designed denied access to contraception
and the morning-after pill these kinds
of facts will arouse and enrage the
American people just as they did on Ping
health care and that's the case we're
gonna make and the same tools the same
means are necessary to give the American
people voice and to persuade our
colleagues they're gonna have to answer
to history this vote will be remembered
long after everything else is forgotten
including the next election I think that
is certainly true at least according to
the tenure of most members of the court
senator blooming hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
