a failure for Trump in sessions missing
today's court-ordered deadline to
reunite children under five with their
parents this of course a result of Trump
administration policies we can tell you
tonight a hundred and two young children
were waiting to be reunified by today
the trouble administration only meeting
that mark for 38 families here a father
and son reunited in Michigan today and
one mom asking why fixing this problem
appears so much harder for Trump than
creating it no say cuanto tiempo Miriah
Turner
what apostle que NOS kita electracy ho y
por que estan difficile que los entering
a great question from someone affected
by all this on the policy side here's a
former republican reagan official
discussing trump's incompetence the
sheer level of incompetence of this
administration in dealing with this
issue there's just such callous
indifference they are not treating these
people as carefully as airlines treat
dogs whom you ship overseas I'm joined
by Lucia Menendez host the Latina de
latina podcast and a contributing editor
at bustled where are we going from here
you know a big part of this story is
about these children that this does not
instill confidence that the more than
2000 were over five are going to be
reunited with their parents in a timely
manner but there's a second piece to
this conversation re which is that even
once they have the capacity to reunite
these children and their parents they're
facing the parents a pretty impossible
choice which is they can either be in
indefinite detention with their children
they can stay in detention themselves
and allow their children to be released
to a sponsor or they can be deported so
there are impossible choices being faced
by these parents even once the
reunification process is completely
right the only silver lining is that the
courts are now overseeing something that
the quota Reagan aide was so incompetent
that it needed this kind of supervision
it never as a policy matter had to be
this way as for the president take a
look at what he's saying at this point
in time
about what this is all about I have a
solution tell people not to come to our
country illegally that's the solution
don't come to our country illegally come
like other people do come legally so
that answer an acknowledgement of the
fact that this policy was intended to
deter future migrants that these
families have suffered as a message to
send to other people not to come to
United States now what this does not
acknowledge is the fact that most of
these people many of these people came
as asylum seekers escaping violence in
their home country and at the same time
that we are having this conversation
about family reunification we're also
having a conversation about how the
Trump administration wants to change the
rules on asylum that fewer people can
seek legal immigration be earning two
points one the statement admits
something bad for him that this was the
goal and to some of those people may be
coming here quote legally in the sense
that they could justifiably be asylum
seeker right and three he does not take
responsibility for the failures of
government to meet this deadline and
instead puts it on the migrants who came
here trying to find safety for their
families hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
