a little bit of news from veidt's news
today they spoke with a Manago are off
the the Sun to the is that the Russian
billionaire is at the Sun yeah he's a
Russian it son to the Russian oligarch
and asked him if he spoke to Don jr. on
the phone about the Trump Tower meeting
and Amon says yes I did I did speak to
Don jr. about the Trump Tower at our
meeting this is this is Eamon saying Don
jr. spoke to a Russian about this
meeting done jr. said repeatedly in
testimony in front of Congress that he
had no recollection of the phone call
couldn't remember Phil how big of a deal
is this I think it's a moderately big
deal and I think it's a moderately big
deal because a it helps us flesh out the
timeline leading up to the Trump Tower
meeting there's this nebula sness about
who Trump jr. had spoken with testimony
before the Senate Judiciary Committee
last year suggested that he had had
phone calls with mana Ford he had had
phone calls with Kushner it had at least
three phone calls with the gallery off
all of which he said he didn't remember
what he had actually spoken about so it
adds a new lens to this idea that Donald
and Dom Trump jr. is not being
forthright about what happened there and
I think that's important too because he
is still the primary person telling us
what actually happened in that meeting
so yet again we've seen this pattern of
obfuscation from Trump jr. about what
happened the lead-up to and during that
meeting this is just another reminder I
mean again this is a man a gala of
making this claim and so we'll see how
it holds up but all of the evidence
suggests that they spoke Trump jr.
repeatedly insisted that he couldn't
remember whether or not it happened it's
yet another reason to suggest the Trump
jr. may not have been forthright about
what actually happened interesting times
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
