you're deeply skeptical of Kavanagh
you're deeply skeptical of the entire
procedure why don't you just come out
and say I'm not gonna support him Harris
did Schumer did why not you I want to
take my look at him and I want to get
answers to a bunch of questions I have
plenty of time before I'm obliged to
cast a vote on him and I think for a
while it's actually really important for
the American people to understand that
these Republican judicial nominees are
coming through a special interest
obstacle course moderated in secret by
the Federalist Society that there's a
whole dark money operation that goes
into action to support their
confirmations politically one donor gave
nearly 18 million dollars into the
garland to Gorsuch fight so there's a
lot of smelly stuff that happens in this
process that I think is going to be
educational for Americans as we look
later at Brett Kavanaugh but we
shouldn't look away from this messy
process too early and have the American
people not understand how this is the
early stages of rigging hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
