this morning Europe is warning president
Trump remember who your friends are
right before Trump left for his
seven-day trip abroad the European
Council President blasted Trump for his
daily criticism of Europe dear President
Trump
America does not have and will not have
a better Ally than Europe the America
appreciate your allies after all you
don't have that many the president's
trip begins with a critical NATO meeting
and ends with a formal sit-down with
Russian President Vladimir Putin he
already tweeted twice about it this
morning then summed up his expectations
for the trip this way who would think is
right
all right let's dive into why this NATO
meeting is so important first NATO
stands for the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization founded in 1949 it is a
military alliance designed to be a check
on the former Soviet Union's expansion
into Europe it consists of 29 countries
stretching from Turkey across Europe and
the Atlantic Ocean to the United States
and Canada all the countries act as a
mutual defense coalition as defined by
article 5 of the NATO charter article 5
says quote an armed attack against one
or more in Europe or North America shall
be considered an attack against them all
triggering joint defense by all member
countries that provision has only been
invoked once after the 9/11 attacks
bringing coalition aid to the u.s. to
fight against al-qaeda currently trumps
beef with NATO allies has to do with
military spending members are asked to
spend 2 percent of their GDP on their
own defence each year only 5 of the 29
countries are actually meeting that goal
when Trump claims members aren't paying
their fair share to the Alliance that's
not really true NATO also has a budget
to cover common costs including running
its headquarters and according to the
new
time's all of the allies are current in
those contributions Iceland for instance
spends almost nothing on its own defense
it has no Armed Forces but it does
contribute financially to the Alliance
and it's not all about the money
experts say strategic locations are more
important to the United States many
nations added in the 90s and the 2000s
are geographically close to Russia or
provide a secure base of operations if
hostilities ever break that map up for
some keep that map up look at in to
where Russia borders the NATO country
right you got Estonia Latvia Lithuania
Poland look at these countries they all
border Russia they are strategically
important to us and you made a point in
there that I just cannot underscore
enough the only time article 5 which
makes all NATO countries come together
in the defense of one if they are
attacked the only time that has been
invoked was after the attacks of 9/11
when came to support sent soldiers to
Afghanistan they spilt blood their
soldiers died in a fight that was
essentially America's because of my NATO
alliance so aside from all the facts you
stated that these countries are paying
their contributions and the 2% in
military spending which is not a
contribution it's a goal is meant to be
met by 2024 so there's just a whole lot
of nonsense going on in this
conversation you and I could call it
nonsense but that nonsense works
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
