all right let's take a look at where
Judge Cavanaugh stands on the issues on
the issue of abortion he's written few
opinions but there's evidence we can
look to like from his confirmation
hearing in 2006
do you consider roe v wade to be an
abomination center on the question of
roe v wade if confirmed to the DC
Circuit I would follow roe v wade
faithfully and fully that would be
binding precedent the court it's been
decided by the Supreme Court but in 2017
Kavanagh heard the case of a pregnant
undocumented 17 year old who was seeking
an abortion while being held by
immigration authorities after a legal
battle the appeals court allowed the
girl to obtain the abortion but
Cavanaugh dissented disputing her right
to what he called immediate abortion on
demand arguing that the girl should have
been transferred to her immigration
sponsor before making the decision
Cavanaugh's record on LGBT rights is
similarly thin but The Daily Beast
reports his decisions on the affordable
care act aligned with the logic of
conservatives who are looking to limit
the expansion of gay rights in that
Obama Obama care case Cavanaugh said a
ruling requiring religious employers to
notify the government that they were
opting out of providing birth control
violated their religious freedom even
though they were not required to
actually offer contraceptives and in an
opinion that made them maybe the most
consequential
to president Trump Cavanaugh authored an
article in 2009 arguing that a sitting
president should not be burdened with
civil lawsuits or criminal
investigations though we added that it
would take an act of Congress to provide
that kind of immunity it's not natural
it doesn't exist right now
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
