let me bring it now Kim Whaley a former
assistant US attorney now at the
University of Baltimore School of Law
who worked with Brett Kavanaugh in the
independent counsel's office during the
Whitewater investigation and Kim it's a
pleasure to have you on considering your
relationship with Cavanaugh vu you had a
chance to be a colleague of his so given
that is there any credence to this idea
that some Democrats are talking about
that the president picked Cavanaugh
partially because of his views on
presidential powers when it comes to
investigations Cavanaugh has written
before about the idea that a sitting
president should not have to undergo
these kinds of investigations well I
think that article what he said was that
Congress had passed legislation limiting
the ability of the prosecutors to
investigate a sitting president whether
that would be something that
constitutionally he would draw a line I
just don't know he is the separation of
powers Hawk that is he believes in
strong powers for all three branches of
government I think what's really
interesting here we won't know this is
whether he would endorse what basically
Mitch McConnell did in stealing this
seat from one of his colleagues Merrick
garland for political reasons I think
based on his judicial philosophy the
idea would be that was President Obama's
decision and there shouldn't have been
that kind of a cynical approach to a
Supreme Court justice can you talk a
little bit about what Cavanaugh might be
like for these Supreme Court justices as
a colleague what was he like as your
colleague he's very affable he really is
truly one of the most intelligent
lawyers I've ever worked with I think he
he has a first-class intellect he's a
very hard worker and he's creative my
guess would be that he is going to with
you if he's confirmed over years he's
going to stand out as someone who makes
some real real imprint on this Court one
way or the other let's look at where he
might make that imprint where he might
end up sitting on the court there's a
lot of analysis this morning about where
he would fit in so here's our graphic of
that as you take a look at kind of the
makeup some people have him closer to
Clarence Thomas others closer to John
Roberts our Pete Williams says you can't
really know for sure yet because he's
not on the court he hasn't been making
these decisions as we take a look at
that here where do you see Kavanaugh
fitting in and do you agree with Pete's
assessment that it's just too soon to
tell yeah I would say it's too soon to
tell him and I think there's probably
three big categories one has to do with
corporate interests and in that instance
I don't think he's going to swing
anything because Kennedy was sort of on
the right
ready then we've got the question of
separation of powers and presidential
power a lot of potential questions that
could come up can the pardon president
pardon him yeah you know etc and then
the third part has to do with individual
rights you know
the Bill of Rights and you know people
can read that broadly and let lots of
people in the tenth or narrowly my guess
would be judge Kavanaugh would probably
have a narrow reading on that although
he's been split on questions like the
Fourth Amendment
he's been split on the affordable care
act he's made a dict indecision he's
indicated that reproductive rights have
a compelling state interest in
protecting contraception so so I think
he's gonna be an independent thinker I
really don't he's not gonna be in the
far left for sure but I don't think he's
going to be a an ideologue I don't think
he's going on that he would be going on
the court with a political agenda and
just rubber-stamp anything that is seems
to be conservative I think he's gonna
think for himself thank you for checking
out our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
