welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios am
co-founder and CEO of Axios jim van hi
Jim good morning to you good morning
talk to us about Axios is one big thing
today I mean the one big thing for the
week maybe for the year is a Supreme
Court picked by the president I can't
stress enough if you just step back what
a big deal this is for Trump on several
different levels conservatives for 30
years have had a project to try to get a
conservative Court now they're on the
verge of having that most Republicans
voted for Trump largely around this idea
of a conservative Court and so that 90
percent approval rating that he has with
the base not only is it going to go up
it has solidified his license with
conservatives is so much stronger today
than it was yesterday
because they can say listen you made a
promise you stuck to your promise I'm
the most consequential act of your
presidency and for Democrats and for
Republicans it shows how much your vote
counts a hundred thousand votes go a
different way in three different states
in 2016 and you have Hillary Clinton
cementing a liberal court for the next
30 years so this is a very profoundly
important day yeah you make such a good
point there are so many voters that I
spoke to who voted for President Trump
that were not necessarily assured about
him becoming president and confident in
his abilities they voted for him because
of the Supreme Court that's really what
sort of put them over the edge Jim take
us inside president Trump's thinking
with regards to picking Brett Kavanaugh
what are sources telling Axios about
that process yeah I mean you get for
this White House it was an extremely
organized process they've said from the
beginning that they had this list of
Supreme Court potential picks they've
stuck to it he was always at the very
top of the list he was one of the four
finalists when people came to the
president and raised concerns about him
is he conservative enough are we gonna
have problems with the work that he did
on impeachment during the Clinton years
Trump's record would be he's got the
votes he wants a
Wyn he wants a slam-dunk win and it's
possible then he'll get it and he'll get
it before the election it's very hard
for Democrats to defeat this you're
gonna hear lots of Democrats come out
today and say he's got to be beaten he's
got to be stopped
yeah very hard to stop they don't have
the votes and you know to your point
about the importance with that
Republican base if any people has always
been a mystery why do you even Jellicle
Christians like Trump's so much given so
much of his behavior it's because of
this they've always pointed to the court
and there's a lot of those voters that
are sitting in red states that are gonna
put pressure on Democrats to vote for
him yes that's such a good point there
we know Justice Kennedy was really the
swing vote in so many major decisions on
the Supreme Court
where does Cavanaugh stand with regards
to the ideological spectrum on the
Supreme Court is on the right he's very
much on the right you now have a very
conservative court you're replacing
Kennedy is sort of your decider with
Roberts now who's probably in the middle
and he's much more conservative than
Kennedy was this isn't neither sides
being hyperbolic when they say you're
about to cement a very conservative very
young Court for a long time most people
who get on the court sit there until
they're in their 80s so this could be a
long time before liberals have a chance
to take back the court and if you think
about this era we live in in where it's
so polarized you have divided government
almost nothing gets done in Washington
the Supreme Court ends up becoming the
most powerful institution in some years
and now it's a conservative institution
and one that's gonna have a huge effect
on our business laws on our social laws
on how we think about abortion these are
really big cases that affect your every
day life and that's why the consequences
are huge why Schumer would like to
defeat it but I think it's gonna be very
difficult I mean it's gonna be a
conservative institution for decades to
come as we know I believe Cavanaugh only
53 years old he could feasibly sit on
the Supreme Court for the next 40 years
or so if you wanted to yeah Jim VandeHei
thank you so much we're gonna be reading
Axios a.m. in just a little bit and to
all our viewers out there you too can
sign up for the newsletter Act to sign
up Axios com that does it for us on this
Tuesday morning
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list
lots of other great videos
