we want to turn out what's happening
back here at home in Washington because
right now in a federal courtroom
president Trump's former national
security adviser Michael Flynn has just
finished making his first court
appearance since entering a guilty plea
in Robert molars ongoing Russia
investigation remember Flynn pleaded
guilty to lying to the FBI about his
contacts with former Russian ambassador
Sergei Kiss lyac during the Trump
campaigns transition to the White House
we understand that Flynn has just walked
out of court which means this thing's
over for now let's check in with NBC
News intelligence and national security
reporter Ken Delaney and give it to his
Ken what's what's the latest what's
happening there hey Hallie well producer
Charlie guile informs me that the
hearing has ended
essentially the judge in the case Emmett
Sullivan simply wanted to meet Mike
Flynn before he sentences mr. Flynn and
that is the background I hear Candace
Flynn walks out live you are watching
that live right now he walked past a
throng of reporters and camera people
got into an SUV there's some shouting in
the background cata those protestors
what's gone yeah and Charlie tells us
that some of the chants included lock
him up which recalls Mike Flynn chanting
lock her up about Hillary Clinton during
the Republican National Convention as
you said this was Mike Flynn's first
appearance in seven months since he
pleaded guilty to lying to authorities
not much really happened in the
courtroom today this was a status
hearing because both Robert Muller's
office and Flynn's lawyers requested
that his sentencing be postponed yet
again which suggests that he's
continuing to cooperate with the MOL
investigation that Muller can still has
business with Mike Flynn but they did
start the process of a pre-sentencing
report so it does look like Flynn will
be sentenced probably this fall so the
business is wrapping up the case is
proceeding he's pleaded guilty again to
lying to authorities he's cooperating
with Robert Muller's investigation Ally
Ken Delaney and they're outside the
federal courthouse here in DC thank you
for checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
