to turn and keep our eye on the markets
this morning as you can see they are up
right now and I'm pretty excited about
our next guest for money power politics
the new president of the New York Stock
Exchange Stacy
Cunningham Stacy thank you for joining
me not just because you're a woman this
is a tremendous achievement but think
about it women in the financial industry
you are now the president of the nicey
we've got a female running the Nasdaq
extraordinary times yeah it is
extraordinary times I want to talk about
regulation this administration is all
about deregulation specifically in the
financial sector what's your take you
know I think it's interesting I think
when you look at some of the things that
the administration is doing you would
expect them to be more along the lines
of deregulation than some some of the
actions that were actually seeing some
of the proposals from the SEC are
actually introducing more restrictions
on some of the markets which is
surprising why do you think deregulation
is a good idea I mean we saw dodd-frank
and the Volcker rule get put in place
and maybe there's overreach but they're
put in place because of the financial
crisis that the banking industry could
have avoided but there wasn't very much
regulation yeah it's an important it's
important to strike the right balance so
when we look at attracting the public
markets making the public markets
attractive to companies of all sizes
it's important to make the right balance
of regulation because if it's the
pendulum swings too far then we're
creating an environment that big public
companies can handle where they can deal
with the regulations and we're leaving
the smaller and midsize companies out of
the game and we want to avoid doing that
so the new SEC pilot program you're
going down to DC to talk about it you
don't like it we're getting rid of
dodd-frank we're getting rid of the
Volcker Rule what does that leave us
with it well I don't think we're getting
rid of any of those regulations I think
we're looking at can we scale back some
of the provisions that are within the
regulations to make sure that we're
creating a competitive environment for
investors and companies of all sizes
that's certainly important on the on the
new things that are being proposed the
transaction fee pilot that you
referenced we're actually going the
other way they're an introducing
government price setting and I really
think it the way it's designed it's an
overly complex and expensive experiment
in in government price settings so we
are concerned about about that one
I certainly think there's a really
robust regulatory framework in place
and we'll continue to see that so for
the average person on the street who
says hold on in a subprime crisis I lost
my house or the banking industry or the
auto industry got bailed out and I'm
still suffering I'm somebody who doesn't
own stocks or bonds who's protecting me
yeah the average person is exactly who
I'm thinking about that's who we're
considering when we look at waiting for
big companies to come to market if a
company that's very small becomes public
that's when they see their biggest
trajectory of growth we want the average
investor to get to partake in that and
plan for their futures and invest for
their futures if we wait until they're
already a really large public company
we're leaving that growth to the large
investors that are professional
investors we're leaving a little guy out
we don't want to do that when you look
at the kind of companies the amount of
companies that are going public today
why is it on a decline well so for
exactly those reasons because of the
regulatory framework for because it's so
expensive to be a public company and
also there is other alternatives there's
access to private capital that that
provides different choices for for
public companies and we just want to
make sure that we're creating a
framework that allows companies to cut
public sooner not just here in the US we
want to make sure we're attracting
global companies to the US as well
the US capital markets are the envy of
the world and it's my job to make sure
we keep it that way I got to ask you the
women question yeah as first as soaked
as I am for you you meet with CEOs you
meet with boards every day why do we see
the number of women's CEOs of Fortune
500 companies declining it's it's sad it
really is and I think part of the issue
is that there aren't enough women and
senior roles throughout the
organizations in the CEO roles and in
the boardroom so I or it is choosing a
CEO if you don't have women on boards
they're not going to focus on creating
that diversity level as much as they
should be so I think we really need to
lead by example we need to make sure
that we're putting more diverse teams in
place of every level of the organization
especially as we get more senior why do
you think it's not happening though the
women exist it's not that there is a
drought of women who want senior
positions who want to join boards but
when you look across boards it's a sea
of white dudes and if you look at
activist
investors who go after companies they're
putting the same ten white guys on
boards and when you listen to analyst
calls I've never heard an analyst say
what are you doing about diversity on
that board right well I think one of the
things that that we need to understand
is that men and women operate
differently they think differently they
behave differently in react differently
where we have structured our markets and
our boards in a very male-dominated way
making sure that we're creating an
environment where women are not just
welcome but they're actually pulled up
into those organizations I think is
really important long-term ism how
important is it to you yeah it's it's
important to to us it's important to our
issuers it's important it's across the
board when we look at how are we making
decisions and that's one of the reasons
why I think we see public companies or
companies choosing whether or not they
want to be public if they're evaluated
to eat each quarter Stacy thank you so
much thank you stuff you've gone
downtown and saw that fearless girl
statue you don't to look at the statue
you can see the real thing right next to
me hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
