come to our next guest joining us now
from Capitol Hill Republican senator
James Lankford of Oklahoma good to have
you on the show this is good good to see
you this morning good morning hey
senator so uh what's your reaction to
the president's selection Brett
Kavanaugh I mean it's a positive
reaction for me let's go through the
process that's actually do the rest of
the background work what y'all are doing
this morning everyone around the country
is gonna do for about two months all of
us in the Senate are gonna go through
the process of evaluating every penny
he's written and everything he's gone
through let's try to figure out who he
is because it's a serious decision so
let's walk through the process any any
immediate concerns come to mind from
anything you've read anything you've
seen no not not immediate concerns what
I'm really looking forward to is two
months there talking about the role of
the Constitution in the role of the
court is the court all about having
another legislature that can kind of
pick what the law what they want it to
say are they really a group that's bound
by the law and bound by the Constitution
to be able to determine here's what it
actually says and if we're gonna change
it let's go through the legislative
process to be able to do that so that's
a key aspect of that national
conversation we're gonna have we're
gonna have some folks I have a
preference that they wish the law said
something and they want a judge to be
able to say what they wish it said but
then we're gonna have others that are
gonna say let's just focus on what the
law actually says really when Senator
Lankford willie Geist here I want to
turn the subject to the NATO summit the
president is traveling there as we speak
as he got aboard Air Force One he
tweeted a couple of things his most
recent is quote NATO countries must pay
more the United States must pay less
very unfair it's a theme and a point
he's made over and over again do you
have concerns about the president United
States taking this approach and being
confrontational with our allies as he
enters a summit well I'm not concerned
about that initially quite frankly
because we've seen NATO allies also step
up and say he's right we haven't paid
enough NATO has kicked in quite a bit
more just in the last year and a half
than what they have done historically
for a long time but realize this is not
a new issue Eisenhower made statements
about NATO Kennedy made statements about
NATO Nixon made Sabres about NATO
there's a long historic process the
United States pushing on NATO allies
just say you've got to step up and
actually meet your commitments but just
what conceit
you would agree senator that the
relationship between the United States
and some of our Western allies Germany
France the UK has been strained as a
funder president Trump would you not oh
absolutely I would
I mean he's pushing them in a way they
don't particularly like and he's pushing
them on a financial area of an area
they've not done for decades be able to
step up and meet their financial
obligations for NATO so they step up and
meet their financial obligations that's
good but I'd also like to keep close
allies in the relationships as well at
the end of the day you're talking about
tariffs when you say you're concerned
well that tariffs is a whole different
issue on it quite frankly the meeting
their NATO obligations for their
national for the international defense
of what we're doing in NATO is
exceptionally important but I'd also
like to be able to see us be able to
solve the tariff issue it's one of the
prime issues that folks in Oklahoma
talked to me about last week when I was
traveling around the state is that
people in our agriculture are
exceptionally concerned about tariffs
and the direction that we're going
dealing with tariffs because they want
to make sure that we stay open to trade
sooner are they being hurt by the tariff
treaty hearing there's quite a bit of
uncertainty for them they don't know
where the next market is they're
literally quitting seed in the ground
right now that they don't know if
they're gonna be able to ship out and
there are individuals that are losing
money right now on it because they're
being undercut and if our allies of
whether it be Mexico or Canada or in the
Europe or in Asia if they go find other
markets those are very difficult to be
able to win back
can I ask you really quickly to follow
up on the NATO question attached to that
obviously the president's relationship
with Vladimir Putin are you
uncomfortable with him talking to
Vladimir Putin alone without any
American representatives are you
uncomfortable by his his relationship
with Vladimir Putin anyway I don't know
what his relationship is I know they've
talked on the phone several times and
such that I don't know how much of a
relationship that really is I'm not
uncomfortable the president's begin a
new world leader and that's true whether
it's President Obama President Bush or
President Trump that is his role I'd be
able to interact with foreign policy and
foreign leaders
he has a exceptionally different style
and that's probably the understatement
of the day meeting with Kim jong-un face
to face was very antithetical to what
everyone's done in the past but
hopefully it's a breakthrough moment
that will
see time will tell on where they will go
with North Korea we'll have to deal with
the same issues Russia is what Russia is
Putin is what Putin is you've got to be
able to confront them you got to be able
to deal with this so you got to be able
to talk to him but we should actually be
strong in those conversations they did
mess with our elections in 2016 they are
not our friends
in world powers they are trying to
undercut Western influence in the United
States influence worldwide and we need
to pay attention to that
senator another topic you're in the
Homeland Security Committee if you were
to call Homeland Security today and
demand a list of children who have been
separated from their parents indicating
where they are in this country and where
the parents are could you get a
definitive list today I could not but
that wouldn't be a list that we would
ever give out we never give out a list
of where foster children are located
whether it's a state or as a federal
government we don't give a list like
that now can they provide a list of
where all those are do they have it yes
they do
I've spoken as recently as last Friday
have you seen oh I have not seen it nor
have I asked for that list because quite
frankly I don't need to have a list of
where every child is located I need to
know do they know where every child is
located one of the difficulties they
have right now is some of the parents
and the adults that brought these
children across the border are now
saying those are not my kids and walking
away from it so those kids will be
placed in foster care of someone here in
the United States the parents are
deported and their parents I assume will
then try to come make a second trip
without their children to try to cross
the border illegally to be able to catch
up with them later this is more
complicated that as it then it looks
they've got a couple of parents even
that they've done background checks on
and had criminal convictions whether it
be rape child abuse and other things and
they're trying to figure it do we put
that adult back with that child knowing
that if this was an American we would
not do that
right so this is a tough situation
definitely a tough situation but it does
not appear that there was a plan in
place to reunite these kids and document
them and process them in a way I mean
we're hearing reports senator with all
due respect that there are children
under five up to 50 who they cannot find
the parents and they are not able to
reunite them you said on the 24th on
MSNBC we know where every single child
is
and that these are career people at HHS
and DHS and that it will be absolutely
possible to connect them with their
parents or the relative they came with
and you really say that if you don't you
know exact I can't I still feel very
confident about that because again these
are not political appointees and it and
I I've had a little bit of a push back
in the sense that these are individuals
that there was no plan to ever reunite
them HHS is responsibility is not
reunited its taking care of those
children and then to be able to know
where they are the challenge that we've
had with unaccompanied minors if you go
back to 2014 we had thousands of
unaccompanied minors come they were
placed in the care of a relative here in
the United States then that relative
often they weren't also illegally
present in the United States they would
then leave and not show up for court
date that's created this grand challenge
of DHS under President Trump's policy
there was no plan to reunite these kids
I don't take it that way and I don't
mean to be unkind in in mica but the HHS
is role is to provide them care to be
able to know where they are and then the
DHS process is actually walking through
the prosecution's for these adults to be
able figure out if they qualify for
asylum if so they're reunited or if not
they're deported and then that we
reconnect the children at that point so
the the challenge of they were never
playing to reconnect this was not the
United States taking children away and
saying we're gonna put them in foster
care because you crossed our border
we're not gonna allow you to have your
children back it's two different
agencies HHS has one responsibility DHS
has another right always greatly to
reunite them neither they are reuniting
we do understand they're trying to but
there isn't a specific plan to reunite
them and there are some that are in
question now because they have been
separated and there's a question as to
whether they were ever be reunited
because there is no plan to reunite them
no I I just disagree with the statement
there is no plan this is not the United
States taking children away with no plan
to ever give them back to their parents
the challenge is some of those
individuals are not their parents some
of those individuals or traffickers
claiming to be their parents so they're
doing DNA tests to be able to evaluate
are these really relatives that were
working through if they're not a
relative then we're not going to go back
and place them with someone there's not
a relative we've got to be able to
figure out what to do with them some of
the adults are saying we don't
take these children we want to be
deported and we'll start all over again
and come back this time it'll be easier
to not have to travel a month long
through Mexico with a child we'll just
try to catch up with them later so it's
a very complicated situation to try to
be able to work through reconnecting
there are a hundred in two of those
individuals that are 4 years old and
younger
they've already reconnected half of them
the other half they're still trying to
be able Turman is this a relative is
this the right person to be able to
place them with and will the adults even
take them if we do all right senator
James Lankford as always thank you for
coming on the show to talk about
Kavanagh that was actually your theme
today the easy part which I wish this
was easy it's all complicated stuff but
I think we should do it the right way it
is all it is all very very complicated
and we thank you so much for being with
us as always thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
