but his outrageous comment regarding
Vladimir Putin but we might as well talk
about Democrats quote what open borders
and don't mind crime that would be
obviously Chuck Schumer is shocked to
Bill DeBlasio who don't preceded by an
independent the Republican is now
presiding over the safest New York City
since the nineteen fifties right well
you know his comments are just absurd
they're not based on any fact at all
they're totally divisive and they don't
mean anything Democrats proposed say
let's take our gang of eight bill
bipartisan four Democrats four
Republicans we put in that bill every
Democrat voted for it forty billion
dollars on the border more people on the
border than we've ever had before drones
which are so good they can tell the
difference between a deer and a person
crossing the border censors it was the
toughest border measure ever done far
more effective than anyway why doesn't
that pass and it didn't pass it passed
the Senate with sixty nine votes and
then the hard right Tea Party which
Donald Trump seems to embrace in the
house told Paul Ryan he'd be dead meat
his speaker if he went for it
so it never went anywhere in the house
that bill which was balanced provided a
long deck tip difficult but real path to
citizenship for the whole 11 million
took care of the dreamers brought new
people in this country for jobs we need
it whether it be PhDs or picked the
crops had overwhelming support but
Donald Trump has chosen to embrace a
narrow anti-immigrant group and has
stopped all progress so I want to talk
about the Putin comments he said who
would have thought that Putin would be
the easiest meeting of all easier than
with our UK outlives our our NATO allies
this is of course the same Vladimir
Putin who invaded Crimea who invaded
Georgia whose fingerprints are all over
the poisoning of a British British
citizen and the killing of a British
citizen on British soil and
apologies for none of that whatsoever
while on our elections what is your
position on on the president United
States suggesting that he has he's got
the easiest relationship with Vladimir
Putin
you know everyone wonders why the
president is so nice to this scoundrel
this bully this breaker of so many law
international laws and human rights one
wonders about that and is it related to
the Russia investigation and everything
else it's a disgrace and I got to tell
you something Joe I am really worried
about the president sitting alone in a
room with Vladimir Putin when he sat in
a room with Xi when he sat in a room
with Kim jong-un no good came of any of
that I'm worried that the word on the
president's lips would be da yes to
anything that Putin says so I don't
think he should be in the room alone
with him and I hope the people around
him will try to argue against him being
there because you never know what he'll
promise Putin yeah by the way Mike HR
McMaster I quoted while he was still in
the White House saying why does this guy
think he can be a Putin sprint why would
anybody want to be Putin's friend yeah
that's right and that's right Senator
Schumer raises a legitimate issue I mean
the president knighted States in a room
alone with that of their Putin without
even a note-taker a standard if meetings
between heads heads of state no
note-taker here but another topic
senator of the elections off your
elections a little more than 90 days
away
what is the Democrats rejoinder or reply
to the president's very simple statement
he just made it again don't come to this
country illegally it's not a good thing
that resonates I think out in the
country what's the Democrats reply to
that our response is we should pass
something close to comprehensive
immigration reform when you lay out what
was in that bill and we can modify it to
adopt it to the new times 78% of the
American people a majority of
Republicans are foreign there is a path
to citizenship you know which the right
wing Rush Limbaugh calls amnesty but
those 11 million were
have to work pay back taxes pay a fine
admit wrongdoing learn English and go to
the back of the line before they became
citizens it's overwhelmingly popular we
can solve this problem but the president
chooses to make it a political issue
I dare say it's not going to be as
successful as he thinks when the
governor of Virginia the candidate
Gillespie tried it it didn't work in
Virginia we are finding throughout the
country people care far more about their
health care that President Trump is
taking away than this issue they care
about this issue they want strong
borders but they don't really believe
what Trump just always says rhetorically
except his small base his base is
shrinking amount of Republicans is
shrinking they still like them but
that's not enough to win elections Susan
L / CL senator you just mentioned health
care and I'd like to bring it back to
New York your home state as we know
through aggressive reporting we have
seen hundreds of children exposed to
lead paint in New York City Housing
Authority projects the mayor of de
Blasio a fellow Democrat of yours has
basically been found out one lie after a
next today we have four Democratic
members of Congress from New York saying
they want federal intervention what do
you have to say about this problem and
what solutions can you offer at the
federal level it is just awful that
these young children imbibe led by
gnawing on window sills or whatever else
from these old buildings which had the
paint that came in before lead was
abolished and we should do everything we
can to help these kids we should do
everything we can to get the lead out of
New York public housing do you feel
mayor de Blasio responsible though at
this point look at this point I'm not
gonna just point fingers of blame I'm
gonna say let's solve this problem it's
been a very long time in the making I
tried to get money at the federal level
to undo a lot of lead stuff and I was
thwarted by some of our colleagues on
the other side of the aisle I was helped
by some we should just be all hands on
deck to solve this problem quickly all
right Senator Chuck Schumer thank you
thanks for rolling with us yeah thank
you for this we greatly appreciate it no
Jim you know what's on in the gym every
morning even with Democrats and
Republicans on the O's TV's MSNBC your
show
the Republican friends watch it that's
great to know it gets a lead gives them
you know think you're on the bike
they're angry they get the burn off some
of that anger it's great to have you so
before you go it's an incredible race in
the AL East of course right now the Sox
are up by three but it can be the
Yankees up by three at the end of August
I mean this is about as good as it gets
doesn't yeah it is these are two of the
greatest teams I have ever seen
and thank God my Yankees instead of
drafting 30 year olds and paying them 10
million dollars now have a young group
that they brought up through the ranks I
once told mr. Steinbrenner the old man
not how house doing a great job and so
is the old man but I told him when you
have when you have all these you if you
have a bunch of 30 year old millionaires
on the field you'll never win the series
because they're not a team yeah hmm so
go Yankees but it's a great I admired
the Red Sox I hate them and I admire
thank you my room vouch and they're a
fun team poor structure but we're not
even gonna get into the New York thank
you so much thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
