well I mentioned presidential power
judge Cavanaugh's views surrounding
investigations of a sitting president
are drawing renewed attention this
morning in a 2009 article in the
Minnesota Law Review Cavanaugh suggested
that presidents be exempt from criminal
investigations in civil suits while in
office he wrote that Congress should
consider passing a law quote exempting a
president while in office from criminal
prosecution and investigation including
from questioning by criminal prosecutors
or defense counsel Kavanaugh went on to
write quote we should not burden a
sitting president with civil suits
Criminal Investigations or criminal
prosecutions the president's job is
difficult enough as it is some top
Democrats seizing on that in relation to
the ongoing Russia probe he picked the
one guy who has specifically written
that a president in fact should not be
the subject of a criminal investigation
which the president is right now so this
seems to be them of all the people the
most self-serving person he could choose
in order to protect himself from this
criminal investigation he's a political
animal he has been for a big part of the
formative years of his career and so he
thinks of this I think as wow we need to
make sure that the United States of
America stays safe by protecting the
president from what from investigation
from indictment from prosecution that's
what troubles me about the whole picture
here okay so let's be really clear here
judge Kavanaugh if he's going to be a
scourge of liberals liberals need to get
right judge Kavanagh wrote that Law
Review article in 2009 at the dawn of
the Obama administration so it would be
the least self-serving thing for a
conservative jurists to write which I
think actually speaks given the hysteria
surrounding Barack Obama's presidency I
actually think for a conservative
jurists to write that actually speaks to
the content of the judges character but
Heidi there is no doubt that Donald
and his people have admitted to two
members of the press already that they
did know about this article and it was
discussed inside the White House
make no mistake of it that this is the
reason I mean I will make no mistake of
it everybody else draw their own
conclusion you can narrow it down you
can boil it down Donald Trump is the
most self-serving self-interested a
politician of certainly of our time
that's ever been in the White House
that's why he is selected judge
Cavanaugh because of this single 2009
article and why he upset a lot of
conservatives along the way to protect
himself the question is will the Senate
will those questing' Cavanaugh ask him
will they really go after these a line
of questioning here and also asking that
feel recuse himself on any questions
pertaining the indictment of Donald
Trump since there is a possibility that
that's why he got this seat if he gets
it it can speak to the content of
Cavanaugh's character and it can also at
the same time speak to Donald Trump's
motivations and that's why it will
absolutely be a major line of
questioning and it may even be one of
the reasons why despite all of the
impeccable credentials that we just
discussed Brett Kavanaugh was not one of
the two judges who McConnell recommended
Donald Trump pick who would be easiest
to get through the Senate and if you
look at the Democrats messaging last
night they absolutely are shifting into
high gear on this issue of Russia you
have a number of Democrats saying even
last night before Cavanaugh's
announcement came out that he should in
fact recuse himself this will be now to
judges that this president will have put
on the court who could potentially in
any number of scenarios in terms of
constitutional questions about whether
he pardons himself whether he fires
Mueller whether he is subpoenaed could
end in a constitutional question before
this court but look more broadly at the
Democratic messaging it's not just about
Russia the Democrats are saying look at
the paper trail here there are
number of points of attack whether it is
the healthcare law whether it is Russia
or whether it is Roe he this this judge
has a long paper trail he just came into
the crosshairs on the issue of abortion
just last fall when it came pertain to
an immigrant teenager who was trying to
seek an abortion his ruling was he tried
to delay that he was overruled and in
his dissent he wrote he bashed the
decision and used some of the trigger
words used by the activist anti-abortion
crowd in terms of abortion on demand so
there are a number of flash points here
that I think are going to make it hard
on Democrats but that is where you look
for the first cracks as to those red
state Democrats Donnelly mention height
camp yeah and and again a big because
yeah he is a conservative there's no
doubt he's a conservative but he is you
know as much of a Mets say mainstream
conservative as Merrick garland is a
mainstream can't really Cal Carlin a
liberal a moderate but still Mike it is
very intriguing that he that Cavanaugh
wrote a 2009 article Pitt that said
presidents should not be indicted and
should not be tried and that even the
Trump White House that he was Maggie
Haberman said that the Trump White House
admitted that they had seen that and had
taken note of that in in the process
even if that remains his strong view
today he would be only one of nine he on
the Supreme Court so I mean that he
could be overruled internally on the
Supreme Court it could be a 5-4 decision
but it's settled law so I don't know
what he's going to do the Democrats have
to be very careful yeah in their
approach to this guy they really take
away I mean overkill could end up
killing them like for instance if they
they
use what stuck John's gonna do I think
Doug Jones will probably vote against
him but he'll probably be very
respectful yes but you can't you just
can't call this guy a right-wing lunatic
that's exactly the point he is not
dangerous in terms of his appearance in
terms of his rhetoric his is his
opinions his opinions certainly proved
the point that this is a generational
change in the court he would be there
for a minimum I would assume given good
health and yeah for at least 30 years
but Michael still so many people were
saying the same thing about John Roberts
and John Roberts is a conservative but
John Roberts is also an institutionalist
he's somebody unlike Donald Trump that
actually understands the Constitution
Revere's the institutions in Washington
DC
especially the Supreme Court of the
United States and I just don't know what
Democrats expect if they keep losing
elections this is actually if they don't
want to hear this but they should
probably read the op-ed that was written
by the Yale professor by the liberal
Yale professor saying hey named me three
choices that a Republican president
could have made that would be better
than Brett Kavanaugh right you can't
write and that's that's the reality here
in a nutshell they can't and in Donald
Trump has effectively put a nominee in
place that boxes out all the other
options and and he is he's a strong
prudent choice given as Mike
noted at the beginning the other choices
that he could have put on the table as
well so that's the reality there but I
think the other thing with respect to
this this article this Law Review
article you have to keep in mind he
wrote that article based on his
experience dealing with the the Clinton
impeachment right he was very much a
part of that so he learned from that
experience what it does to the
presidency so this was a reaction a
response to that
I just happens to now be in play again
nine years later but it's you've got to
put context here and a law review
article is not an indication of how a
judge is going to rule in front of with
an actual case because he's noted in
that article there is no settled law
here because the Congress has an act and
again also noted to keep Democrats again
so they don't overreach and attack him
for writing this Law Review article this
law review article was written in 2009
Barack Obama's first chair and let me
say again go back to the time go back to
the place that actually was a less than
safe subject for a conservative jurist
to write at the beginning of the Obama
administration and the Senate Minority
Leader Chuck Schumer will join us in
just a little while to discuss the
Democrats strategy for the upcoming
confirmation battle
there's also major headlines overseas
the president already fired off a tweet
this morning aimed at NATO allies just
hours before heading to Brussels to face
them in person you know I'm gonna also
talk to you look at the colossal mess
it's causing for America causing from
America across the world I'm going to
talk to Michael Steele more about the
deal that Republicans have made with
Donald Trump which is you give a Supreme
Court justices and tax cuts and we let
you do everything else and we're going
to talk about that deal and there are
ramifications that were horrible is it
worth it he's also soon to meet with
Vladimir Putin after reportedly
commiserating with the Russian leader
about the quote stupid people in
American government meanwhile brexit is
tearing apart the British leadership is
the Prime Minister's job in jeopardy
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
