let me repeat this hours breaking news
we are awaiting the official
announcement from President Trump but
NBC News's Pete Williams has just broken
the news here on our air that according
to NBC's reporting the pic will be Brett
Kavanaugh interesting about Brett
Kavanaugh he was nominated to the DC
Circuit in 2003 by George W Bush his
nomination stalled for three years amid
intense intense controversy at the time
a liberal line of the Senate Senator Ted
Kennedy called Brett Kavanaugh quote the
youngest least experienced and most
partisan appointee to the court in
decades he was nominated in 2003 he
didn't actually have a successful
confirmation hearing until 2006 even
still there were 36 votes against him
there's also been some intriguing
reporting about his history with Justice
Kennedy Justice Kennedy made his
decision to retire this year handing
this opportunity to announce a new to
name a new nominee to President Trump
there had been some interesting
reporting about the way that was
negotiated between Justice Kennedy and
the Trump White House Brett Kavanaugh
was a clerk to Justice Kennedy and Brett
Kavanaugh his name was not on the first
couple of lists of potential nominees
that were circulated as people who
President Trump might choose when he
suddenly popped up on the list when he
was added to the list late last year in
November 2017 some people saw that as a
sign that that might have been a change
to the list meant to assure Justice
Kennedy that Brett Kavanaugh would get
his seat thus encouraging Justice
Kennedy that it was safe to retire we're
about a minute and a half two minutes
away from the nomination while we wait
for the president to appear at the
rostrum here I want to bring in our
friend dolly Olek he was here from slate
comm slate Dalia Brett Kavanaugh was
sort of seen as the most likely pick
instantly is there anything that
surprises you about this nomination a
little bit that I thought he would troll
us with Amy Cooney Barrett I thought I
thought it would be very Trumpy of him
to pick a woman who'd be the person to
reverse Roe to have you know
Senator Collins and Senator Murkowski
have to fight a woman I thought that
would be fun for Donald Trump so this
seems like a slightly safer pick and
then I thought Donald Trump might do and
Talia we've been told that senator Mitch
McConnell the Republican leader of the
Senate had sort of cautioned the White
House about about Brett Kavanaugh saying
you know what he's got a long record
that we're all gonna have to go through
and he's not necessarily saying that
might be a pain but he's saying that
there might be some issues there that
may arise over the course of a
confirmation process it's been more than
correct me if I'm wrong more than a
dozen years on the appeals court before
that he worked in the bush White House
for five years he was there for a lot of
the controversial times of the George W
Bush White House there will be a very
long paper trail here
I think dick Durbin once famously called
him the Zelig or the Forrest Gump of you
know every time there was Bush v Gore he
was there Elian Gonzales he was there
that Ken Starr report he was there and
so he's been at the epicenter of every
big conservative White House story for a
long time there's a lot there's 300
opinions to mine Rachel there's a lot
there and that made McConnell nervous I
think he wanted one of the two short
Lister's with much much less substantial
records because he wants this done by
September the speculation that I was
alluding to that the Cavanaugh addition
to the list from which President Trump
was reportedly choosing that it may have
been designed to encourage Justice
Kennedy to retire what do you make it up
I think that's right i mean i think that
the predictability the fact that george
w bush would have picked him ted cruz
mitt romney would have picked him tells
you that this was a decision that was
done by the Federalist Society the
Heritage Foundation the groups that do
this have almost entirely controlled the
process and that's why he's on the list
typical traditional pick this is not an
alarming or sort of wacky pick that we
might have expected this is the live
shot that you're seeing right here on
your screen is the East Room we're
expecting the president to arrive
essentially now to make this nominate
again NBC News reporting that the
nominee will be judge Brett Kavanaugh
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
