a week from today the president is set
to meet behind closed doors with Russian
President Vladimir Putin one-on-one plus
translators the meeting is raising
concerns grave ones among US allies and
some of the president's own advisors the
Trump will be outmatched by Putin who
has reportedly been cultivating their
personal relationship in a series of
phone calls corn in The Washington Post
the Russian president complains to trump
about fake news and laments the UN US
foreign policy establishment the deep
State in Putin's words is conspiring
against them it's not us
Putin has told Trump it's a subordinates
fighting against our friendship it's
beautiful the precise relationship
between the two leaders is a part of the
mystery still surrounding the 2016
election did the Trump campaign did the
candidate at the heart of it conspire
with Russia to subvert American
democracy or and does Russia have some
kind of leverage over Donald Trump in a
new cover story from New York magazine
writer Jonathan Chait argues we have not
allowed ourselves to consider the full
range of possibilities chant lays out
what could be considered the worst case
scenario for Trump Russia collusion the
Donald Trump has been a Russian
intelligence asset since 1987 New York
magazines Jonathan Chait joins me now so
ok it sounds insane I just want to say
it really does like the idea that he
went he goes to Moscow in 87 is
cultivated as a Russian and television
opposite asset and is this sort of like
sleeper cell for decades
sounds nuts it sounds like the stuff of
conspiracy theories why are you not
insane so that's a great question Chris
I get that all the time so first of all
the piece acknowledged is that that is
probably not true but it might be and
one of the reasons I wrote this is you
need to take seriously some of these low
probability high impact scenarios you
know before the election sort of
everyone heard that Hillary Clinton had
about an 80% chance of winning and we
all just treated it like that meant a
hundred percent and didn't think about
what would that 20% alternative really
mean so that's part of what I'm doing
with this with and with aspects of this
piece like this trip to Moscow you know
what would it mean if it was it really
went that deep now there's a lot of ways
in which this scandal could be really
bad and not go that deep but I think you
need to
consider that for another reason which
is that everyone always says well this
has been Trump's view forever all this
stuff he's saying what the Western
Allies splitting us apart from the West
and and how he's I was sort of pissing
on them all the time in saying you know
we should let them go their own way
that's just what he's always thought
it's not really what he's always thought
it's what he thought since 1987 he never
thought that before then at least he
never said it before then and in 1987 is
when he he went to Moscow and he's feted
by the Russians and min tours Moscow and
then he comes back then he starts
talking about running for president for
the first time and then he starts
talking for the first time about how our
allies are a bunch of freeloaders and we
should kick him to the curb yeah we
should say that he is I mean I just
wanna be clear he is really consistent
on that point right that the idea that
this sort of zero-sum view that our
allies are free riding and we're paying
for it he takes out full-page ads at
$100,000 he sounds identical to how he
does now right the idea that like we're
getting abused we're getting taken for
granted and we're paying for other
people's defense we're paying for the
people's offense who were defending
against the Russians
right now it's particularly yes so it
really dovetails with Russian foreign
policy interests then and now now again
that's probably a coincidence but it
might it might not be I mean I think you
know you have to take seriously that
possibility that it's not a coincidence
and you know I try to assemble all the
information that I think can be brought
to bear on this question like I quote
John Brennan though who was the CIA CIA
director as recently as 2016 who said
that he thinks the Russians have
something over on Donald Trump and and
the weird thing is that thinking like
the CIA director hey maybe he knows what
he's talking about
that's the kook theory as we understand
it like The Kooks are the ones who's
saying we should listen to the guy who's
running the CIA
usually the coups are saying the CIA is
part of the conspiracies and now it's
it's we cooks who say let's listen well
I want to I want to follow up on that
but first there's there's one piece here
that I completely forgotten about so I
want to play Brennan's testimony in May
2017 yeah that you cite in the piece
just to give people a flavor of what how
he talks about it take a listen
I've studied Russian intelligence
activities over the years and have seen
it again manifest in many different of
our counterintelligence cases and and
how they have been able to get people
including inside
CIA to become treasonous and frequently
individuals who go along that treasonous
path do not even realize they're along
that path until it gets to be a bit too
late and you also have a reminder the
piece of that I think he got briefed
what was it August for this in August
2016 the head of British intelligence
flies to the US this is a report about a
mayor to brief him personally on what
was going on between the Trump campaign
and Russia yeah and the Guardian had
another report about another Western
European or I think he may be Stern
European Intelligence Agency briefing
him about the same thing they were
listening to intercepts of Russian
officials talking about the Trump
campaign and the connections they had
between them so we don't know what those
intercepts said but but clearly he
something you know alarmed him said him
often and in made him reach these dire
conclusions here you know you have this
metaphor the cave right that we keep
thinking that the bottom is just right
around the corner maybe we're at the
mouth of it right and I've had this saw
to it it's vertigo-inducing thought I
never know quite where to orient
ourselves and we just know the facts as
they kind of come to light you kind of
assemble them you come up with a mental
theory my question you is are you
confident we will know the final truth
right that like ultimately the thing
will be revealed about what is true and
what's not what the facts of the matter
are I think some of the facts we'll find
out I think the things pertaining to the
end of the Trump campaign we'll probably
find out because a lot of people are
flipping and cooperating with Muller but
if there's leverage in Moscow my guess
is that's gonna stay in Moscow I don't
see how Muller is going to get at
secrets that are locked at the Kremlin
all right Jonathan Chait thanks a lot
thank you hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
