for court could threaten it to up and
many of the issues of course where
Justice Kennedy decided with the
Liberals of course he was the offsetting
votes in the conserves according to NPR
Kennedy believes that once rights are
recognized they will not be taken away
that includes the right to abortion that
he helped to preserve and the rights to
gay people that he helped establish
including the right to marry and to be
treated equally in our society of course
hope time will tell
I'm joined now by Nina Totenberg NPR
legal affairs correspondent and the
author of the article and such and cease
see so Cecile why do I do this I know
you're forever Cecile Richards former
president Planned Parenthood Federation
of America thank you both Nina I've
known you forever you're probably the
most famous person on covering the court
how do you see just talk about forget
politics for two seconds only now if
you're looking at this thing as a
judicial process picking the right sort
of a relatively conservative person
what's at risk if you're a progressive
looking at the court right now what
could are they really in danger of
getting rid of roe v-- wade the undue
burden phrase from the Cayce case are
they really endangering that right now
do you think well I think that in the
worst-case scenario from the progressive
point of view Roe gets overturned and I
would say there's a decent likelihood of
that but just as likely is that the
court starts making it easier and easier
for states to regulate abortion to make
it very difficult to access abortion so
that it at least in at least probably
the 20 states where there are lots of
laws that are have been actually blocked
until now that those days we'll be able
to do that they will limit when you can
have an abortion
how you know how far pregnant you have
you can be in order to get an abortion
the types of abortions available they'll
make it very difficult for clinics to
operate so that it you know for
especially for poor and rural women who
live very far away it could it could
make it very difficult in large swaths
of the country to get an abortion so see
how that seems to be their the cutting
edge right now which is you don't you
don't create an undue burden except you
say things that seem reasonable to the
non person involved in it a person that
involved the male vote
for example you go okay you should have
hospital facilities available hospital
type facilities you can't just have some
lean clinic operation you have to have
all the facilities of a big Hospital if
you're going to have this procedure that
kind of thing seems reasonable but an
often case that means no clinics no no
abortion rights your thoughts about that
you know absolutely I mean what Nina
said is exactly correct you know I come
from the state of Texas where they've
passed every possible regulation against
abortion and the goal of the legislature
or the governor has been to end abortion
access and in fact it was a Supreme
Court case the whole women's health case
that ruled the the laws in Texas
unconstitutional but that was a that was
a vote that with another nominee to the
court who opposes abortion rights that
that case would likely go another way
and the result would be that there would
be only a handful of doctors in the in
the state that actually met all the
requirements
none of these laws and that was actually
what was demonstrated in that case none
of these laws were actually passed for
the health or welfare of women they were
actually passed to try to end abortion
access and I think one of the important
things to remember Chris is that you
know abortion existed before Roe it was
simply illegal and unsafe and young
healthy women died routinely in
emergency rooms across this country and
that's what we're looking at again if
this court in fact tips tips the other
side Leonard Leo who's president Trump's
advisor on judicial nominee said this
weekend that the warning from Democrats
that Republicans are working to overturn
roe v wade is simply a scare tactic
that's what he's claiming list there but
it's not as we've been talking about
this for 36 years going all the way back
to the nomination of sandra o'connor and
after that 36 year period we only have a
single individual on the court who is
expressly said he would overturn Roe so
I think it's a bit of a scare tactic and
it ranks
speculation more than anything else well
I don't really I believe that of course
there's a stark contrast which we all
know - what candidate Trump promised
when he said he's going to pick pro-life
judges let's hear Trump if we put
another two or perhaps three justices on
that's really what's going to be has
that's will happen and that'll happen
automatically in my opinion because I am
putting pro-life and justices on the
according to NBC News no nominee has
said outright that their position is but
experts tell NBC that some have used
coded language to send a signal to
concern of activists that they would
want to overturn Roe Nina was that
Nina's going to say there are there are
a ton of other issues for any nominee to
the court things that affect workers
rights the environment everything from
consumers rights to small business to
you you name it and if you just look at
everything you do in a given day the
Supreme Court probably has issued an
opinion that had some effect on that
okay as much as Roe is the lightning rod
there will be other issues that come up
talk about the pre-existing conditions
of aspect of the Affordable Care Act and
it seems to me that Rob John Roberts
surprised everybody by saying it was
constitutional the Affordable Care Act
Obamacare because it was basically a tax
and the federal government's right to
tax Dena where will that stand now that
there's no more individual mandate well
Kennedy was in the minority in that case
so Roberts was the swing vote in that
case and I would have to say it's
probably the only case I can think of
that really infuriated conservatives
he's a very conservative justice he's
just not quite as conservative as
Clarence Thomas and Antonin Scalia and
probably Neel Gorsuch but I think I
counted five cases where he sided with
the Liberals and you know and and none
of them except for Obamacare are the
kind of ideological cases we think of
however having said that you know for
example there's a case working its way
up the test there's brought by Texas the
tests whether they pre-existing
conditions mandate in the Affordable
Care Act that says you can't
discriminate based on pre-existing
conditions whether that's
unconstitutional I have no idea where
that where the members of the court
stand on that but it's a very big issue
for lots of people who who like the the
ban on discrimination against people who
have pre-existing medical conditions
yeah well let me get back the seal so
silly it seems to me that we I watched
we all watch to do as you watch
particularly when it comes to
reproductive rights what are the causes
out there's the 20-week limit in other
words after 20 weeks of pregnancy you
can't have an abortion it seems to be
that kind of a thing would be it would
be possible plausibly accepted by the
Supreme Court if it has another
conservative one of your thoughts oh my
god there's so many cases coming up
through this court system that would are
at risk I mean so many and and as we
know in many of the states and I think
Nina really spoke to this and many of
the states you have the right to safe
and legal abortion but absolutely zero
access to it and again I think there are
so many cases in which the undue burden
has been that has been the standard this
is why frankly and when we talk about
what the impact is going to be women in
this country are enraged and I think if
we see this process go through and again
it'll be very interesting to see what
the questions are
women are early already highly motivated
to go vote they're running for office
and record numbers I think what we're
gonna see out of the Supreme Court fight
is a record number of women turning out
to vote this November to protect their
rights we'll see I think you're gonna
see that anyway need a potent break it's
an iron Aveo and I do think I do think
the headlines coming out a nice decision
by the president will have to do with
abortion rights anyway up next president
Trump's attorney that's right that's his
job Rudy Giuliani says it'll be great if
Michael Cohen cooperates with
prosecutors he's urging Trump's fixer to
tell them everything he knows about
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
