right now by Connecticut Democratic
Senator Chris Murphy Robert Costa
national political reporter for the
Washington Post and an MSNBC political
analyst Michael Steele former RNC chair
and an MSNBC political analyst Ruth
Marcus Comus for the Washington Post and
an MSNBC contributor a great violent fun
you're the final four for tonight for US
Senate Murphy is there any way this
isn't going to become an enormous leap
political decision by your fellow
members of the Senate especially from
the red states he decided to make this a
momentous political moment by
outsourcing the decision to the Heritage
Institute and to the Federalist Society
the day that he basically put these
right-wing political organizations in
charge of selecting the next Supreme
Court justice who have basically
telegraphed that the only people on
those lists are people who will not only
overturn Roe versus Wade but possibly
the right to privacy in Griswold v
Connecticut here's the one about the
birth control pills way back then right
I think you just don't think it's a
mistake what the agenda is here the
agenda is not just to get rid of Roe
which to go after a Griswold itself so
that you can come after contraception so
the minute that he outsourced to the
decision of those political groups he
knew that he was going to be in for the
fight of his life and he knew it was
gonna be hard to keep all of the
Republicans some of which have a big
problem with the court that's going to
overturn the the right to full
reproductive health care for women
Robert Kosta I think the Trump is
playing this not just a rule that the
Supreme Court for the next 40 or 45
years he puts it cuz he could well do
that if Ginsburg retires next year later
he can still grab three seats all
together and make it six to three and
overwhelmingly a right-wing court my
question is is he also using this as a
political tool to destroy the political
future of people like Heidi Hank I'd
camp out in North Dakota of Joe Manchin
in West Virginia of Joe Donnelly in
Indiana and possibly end the curse
shorten the career of Doug Jones down in
Alabama by saying vote your state or
vote your party you choose and I'll kill
you either way your thoughts the poking
and prodding of these red state
Democrats politically starts today you
saw it in the invitations Chris from the
White House that went out to those for
red state Democrats they all declined to
go so did moderate Republican Susan
Collins of Maine and the minute this
this person's announced tonight you'll
see the judicial crisis network and
other conservative groups put
millions of dollars on the airwaves to
try to pressure these red state
Democrats running in states won by Trump
to back the nominee Michael this is a
political test and it's a I'm gonna say
at the end of the show I can say it
right now I think it's gonna be brutal
for people like those senators I just
mentioned because Trump says them and he
is conniving ly brilliant at this he
said are you gonna vote the way your
people at home would vote on this
nomination the way your party is gonna
vote he's gonna middle them forcing the
cheers within their party in their state
I think Kristen many it's nasty they've
already they've already made that choice
they're gonna vote the way they're
people at home what the numinous
nominations dead I mean it's in for sure
it's in for sure because I think this
this choice whether it's one of the two
gentlemen that you showed at the
beginning of the program or even someone
else who have not talked about on this
list they're going to be cut very close
out of that cloth of gore search they're
going to be that type of nominee they're
not going to be someone that is going to
swing so far in the debate that it makes
it hard for those votes to took a deal
if you will around this nominee for the
supports in there right there's there's
no exactly there's not that play so I
think the president has listened to a
lot of smart people about this this is
the one time where the president sort of
gives himself over to others in that
regard yes he does the showman bit out
front but behind the scenes he's
listening in following directions on
this and I think this nominee is not
going to be the kind of political play
that people anticipate it will grow
directions the values question that's at
work here what kind of a country do you
want to live and what rights to women
and other people have gay people have
and respect and dignity all those values
questions against the politics of the
game here is playing it is a game he's
setting up here by doing this so the
politics are really clear you have to be
able to get to a majority of votes
against the nominee and your only way
you're going to get to that and when you
peel off if you peel off the Republican
senators who declined wisely I think the
White House's nomination tonight I will
be stunned if it's one of the two folks
Kavanagh or Hardiman if they end up
voting against them if that is true why
would Democrats in those red states sort
of go on the suicide political suicide
mission why would Chuck Schumer the
leader want them to go on the suicide
mission
pay attention Eurasian your prosperity
of Eurasian pay attention to your
prospects for Ocasio cortes because the
leadership is going to be trashed if
they let this go by them well they can
trash it but they need to worry about
trying to claw back as close to majority
as possible you know on on the substance
you argue to say it is the best side of
whatever
discretions the best form of our in
other words decide now you're not going
to win this fight the visit so just try
to become out in the Senate do the math
you know justice Brennan I think there's
no I think I think this notion that it's
a suicide mission for for Democrats in
Trump leaning states to vote against a
pro corporate anti-choice anti
collective bargaining nominee is
ridiculous the fact of the matter is
Dakota well in many of these states you
may but in many states you may you may
have public who likes Trump but the
polling also tells you that they don't
mind a senator who is going to be a
check cap of North Dakota with a small
population don't run on local issues
vote with your party on this and see how
it goes I wouldn't I wouldn't tell Heidi
or Joe or any of them to do anything
they're gonna have to make their own
decision but I'm gonna tell you if you
run a nationwide campaign making clear
who this nominee is going to be voters
all across the country are gonna have
problems with the kind of decisions here
Robert let's get back to the way I would
think because this will be over
sequester's gonna be hearings they're
gonna be all over television once the
here he's gonna be dynamite though you
know there are people there that know
how to really do the hearings they're
gonna any questions of religion perhaps
are gonna come up we could go both ways
but my question is won't the Democrats
in the leadership especially when they
go into those private rooms in the
Capitol
Schumer's room they sit in there and
they go you sitting there talking at
your Schumer talking to Heidi Heitkamp
you say you know what I think we're not
gonna get Murkowski or Cowens so you
know what you're free I can hear that
conversation because whites and on the
hearings if they don't have that
conversation until they see how these
hearings go and these hearings as you
say could be explosive if it's judge
Kavanagh they're gonna go over his time
with the special counsel in the nineteen
1990s
investigating Vince Foster and President
Clinton and nagoya over his work and
george w bush's white house it was judge
hard i mean they're gonna look at all
these rulings he's done on gun rights
that are very conservative so if you're
a
high-camp of the world is TVD it's all
depends on how these hearings play how
the country sees the nominee can you
find you think that let me go back to
the center do you think a senator from
these red states would find something
strong enough to use back home against
the kennedy the nominee that they could
justify it absolutely and i think it's
right that this is all gonna play out as
the country learns who these nominees
are III think a lot of trumps base right
thought that he was going to take on
corporate America and he was gonna try
to return power to the people
what they're gonna find is all of these
just judges were hand selected by the
Federalist Society because they are
going to take power away from regular
people and hand them to big corporations
I think if we make that case effectively
if we tell people that these are the
judges who are gonna take away federal
protections for you if you have a
pre-existing condition that they're
gonna overturn the Affordable Care Act
all of a sudden this looks like a very
different vote in those places then it
may be if all that matters is that the
judge was picked by Donald Trump these
judges are gonna have a record and we
were gonna make that very clear to the
American people by the time notice a
year from the UI I get Bob Casey's the
information somebody put him on my list
this is fundraising list I know how I
get on there but I because I know
they're gonna like him but he's really
pushing this corporate thing like you
are in other words it's not go about Roe
where we gala LGBT rights it's also
about what side of your on in terms of
the economy are you with the rich people
and the capital people are you with the
working people one issue in America
right now is health care and this is a
court that's going to decide whether or
not the Congress can under the
Constitution protect people how do they
do it by the way then I've lost legs and
a racialized individual man that urahara
it's not it's not perceived as a tax
bill which is the way Roberts voted for
it there's also well the answer is once
it's not perceived as a tax bill and
because there's no individual mandate
there's no unconstitutional compulsion
no arguably unconstitutional compulsion
look I you know I would have loved to
see Justice Merrick garland would have
loved to see him confirmed I understand
the anger and the frustration among
Senate Democrats I have to say looking
at a judge Hardiman or judge Kavanagh I
do not see this nominee as significantly
different than what a president Jeb Bush
or a president milk
be hard to okay you're very very benign
tonight anyway on Meet the Press
Missouri Republican Roy Blunt the
senator from Missouri said of all four
finalists he said they'd all be
confirmed by this all the four we're
hearing about he said they're all going
through with fifty votes plus the vice
president's here I think they'll all be
there good judges I think they'd be fine
justices of the Supreme Court I do I
think the president has to think about
who is the easiest to get confirmed here
and I expect we'll do that on sort of a
normal timetable of a couple of months
well that's what we're hearing from
Michael here they're going to go for the
one that can slip through easily
anyway the Washington Post reports that
President Trump spoke with Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on
Friday quote McConnell did not push any
choice on the president but the report
goes on to add that McConnell did note
that Hardiman and Catherine could fare
well in the Senate because their
reputations and records were not as
politically charged as the others on the
president's short list of nominees
senator you're here I love to have you
here by the way thank you because I'd
like to have a senator who's here that's
um inside the body you know the feel in
that body when everybody talks to each
other in the cloak rooms would we be
better off at the old 60-vote
requirement where you had to have some
kind of bipartisan consensus to get
anybody through wasn't that a better
system I've been a critic of the
filibuster but I always thought that it
made sense for the Supreme Court yeah I
I didn't mind getting rid of it for the
lower courts for presidential appointees
and I also frankly don't mind a
conversation about reforming it for
legislation but when it comes to the
Supreme Court a lifetime appointment
especially now that presidents are
picking people in their 40s and 50s
wherever yeah it certainly seems calm
right yeah actually I have I share the
senators view don't like the filibuster
for executive branch nominees do like it
for judicial nominees I think once you
made the decision to get rid of the
filibuster for lower court nominees it
was absolutely inevitable it was going
to be eliminated for this I like the I
like the filibuster because I like the
drama okay well I mean he liked the
advice and consent
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
