welcome back president Trump's legal
team keeps ramping up its attacks on the
Russia investigation as it sets
conditions for a potential Moeller
interview Rudy Giuliani insisted on a
Sunday show tour yesterday that the
president wants to sit down with Muller
if only it weren't for the biased and
corrupt investigation I mean it has
there ever been an investigation of this
magnitude with such obvious indications
of extreme disgusting bias which totally
corrupts the process can I expect these
people to be objective about Donald
Trump you talk about the
counterintelligence investigation but we
know what happened we know it's highly
suspect because the people doing it were
extremely biased this is the most
corrupt investigation I have ever seen
that the Jets partner is allowing to go
forward this all comes amid signals that
President Chavez personal fixer Michael
Cohen could cooperate with prosecutors
Giuliani's message on Meet the Press go
right ahead
in fact you know if he wants to
cooperate I think it's great we've been
through all his records
I know Michael joining me now to discuss
these developments is Mimi Roca MSNBC
legal analyst and former assistant US
attorney in the Southern District of New
York today on my 2:00 p.m. show burn
witness that Rudy Giuliani was be
clowning himself Joe Scarborough said
the same thing this morning if you're on
Muller's team right now and you see Rudy
Giuliani on television saying those
things what do you think well you don't
take him seriously I think that my guess
is they probably have a good chuckle
about it because Giuliani is saying
things that are just completely
preposterous to try and sort of distract
from the fact that this president cannot
sit down for an interview because he's
incapable of telling the truth if they
were really he Giuliani keeps talking
about we want to get to the truth we're
all about the truth everyone keeps
talking about transparency that that is
not accurate what they in any another
circumstance say it was a different
president somebody who
why six and a half times a day as the
Washington Post has pointed out in their
calculation of how many lies or
Paulson's he says I said so far
what did what did the lawyers still not
want him to sit down with the prostate
and with with a prosecutor well it is
true that criminal defense attorneys
often counsel their clients to not meet
with prosecutors
but then again many who have clients who
really have done nothing wrong as this
president has repeatedly claimed over
and over publicly they do sit down with
prosecutors and sometimes if prosecutors
Minds need to be changed they do change
their minds I've seen it happen there's
also this yesterday on Meet the Press
Rudy Giuliani said that they would be
open to sitting down as long as Muller
proved that his investigation was
warranted that there was stuff there is
the is the onus on Muller to prove to
the person who was being investigated
that there is reason for them to be
investigated is that the way it works no
and there's two things wrong with that
one as you say someone who is under some
kind of investigation doesn't get to put
demands on the government and say show
me your evidence before I'll come in and
and talk to you they can choose to talk
or not and then they can face subpoena
or not yeah which here is complicated
but that could happen but the other
issue is remember this investigation is
not if it's at its core about Donald
Trump it is about Russia attacking our
elections and of all people everyone but
including the President of the United
States should want to be as helpful in
that as possible if they really did
nothing wrong so the idea that the
president is not going to be helpful and
give evidence and give you know whatever
it doesn't have to be about him but he
makes everything about how to say they
say Muller does have to subpoena the
president just say he does in order to
get him to testify and say that that
fight that battle goes all the way up to
the Supreme Court and Donald Trump is
now has his own two people that he's
hand-picked for the Supreme Court would
they have to recuse themselves from a
decision like that they do not have to I
mean first of all Supreme Court justices
are actually exempt from the recusal
rule
that most federal judges do you have but
it would be excuse me voluntary but it
would be good in terms of giving the
American public faith in the outcome of
whatever that cases for that justice to
recuse themselves so I think you know
we've heard some senators now on the
record saying they're going to ask the
nominee at their hearings whether or not
they will recuse themselves it's not a
half-two but it's kind of but they
should yeah if they want to give people
faith in that decision whatever that
decision is if it goes to the Supreme
Court and in the court itself let's um
let's talk about Rudy Giuliani and
Michael Cohen there's now a Twitter spat
between Giuliani and Lanny Davis Michael
Cohen's new lawyer who was one of Bill
Clinton's lawyers during the Kenneth
Starr investigation and here's what
Lanny Davis tweeted today did Rudy
Giuliani really say on Sunday shows that
Michael Cohen should cooperate with
prosecutors and tell the truth seriously
is that Trump Angela Giuliani definition
of truth Trump Giuliani next to the word
truth equals oxymoron stay tuned the
truth matters they're getting very
aggressive and very over-the-top Lanny
Davis coming out and getting into a
battle with Giuliani on Twitter Michael
Cohen very publicly saying that he
believes in the FBI taking Donald Trump
off his Twitter bio making these
overtures and and telling certain
reporters some things other reporters
other things that he wants to cooperate
it seems very over-the-top to me
what is the strategy well so there's two
strategies I think going on with Michael
Cohen one is as far as we know he's
retained guy Petrillo although I note
that he has not filed a notice of
appearance which is the sort of formal
sign that he's been retained but as far
as we know he's gonna be the criminal
defense lawyer then you've got lanny
davis who was clearly a PR person and
they're kind of fighting Trump in his
own battle on his own terms right I mean
Trump has been in Giuliani have been
waging this PR campaign against the
Moller probe for you know months and
months and pretty effectively so I think
this is Cohen's sort of doing but this
excitable Erwin going after the probe
and saying Cohen
or going after the investigation or the
raid and saying that there's nothing
there nothing there this is Cohen kind
of it seems right-wing after the
president a man who he had formerly said
he'd take a bullet for is he trying to
get the SDN why to give him a better
deal or is he trying to get the
President to pardon him because he's
scared of him I think he's trying to get
public opinion to not trust everything
that the president and Giuliani say
which is a good thing as a prosecutor a
former prosecutor I wish they weren't
doing it publicly Cohen should talk to
to the FBI and to prosecutors and not
talk to reporters frankly and the public
but I understand why they're waging this
campaign he's trying to recreate his
public image I think and you know why he
doesn't need to do that but I think he
wants to I think he's a man who likes
the limelight cares what people think
just like Donald Trump and is sort of
doing his equivalent now of trying to
take down the credibility and legitimacy
of Donald Trump and Giuliani's narrative
and he's trying to change the narrative
with Lanny Davis it's like a soap opera
as the world turns
it's anyway Mimi Roca thank you very
much hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more beat the press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
