we would not recommend an interview for
the president unless they can satisfy us
that there's some some basis for this
investigation what we're asking him for
is is this the witch-hunt that a lot of
people think it is
or is there a factual basis for this a
witch-hunt somebody might wanna tell
Rudy Giuliani about the indictments or
the fact that Paul Manafort and Skadden
Arps lawyer are in jail president
Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani back on TV
this weekend and again this morning
signaling the chances of a sit-down
between the president and robert muller
are growing increasingly unlikely Julie
Nia it's clearly my first day back
Giuliani also doubled down on his
attacks against the Russia probe Georgia
he wants to testify he believes if I
were to believe that any more of this
mayor well it's hard to believe given
all the things that have been shown
about how tainted this investigation is
this is the most corrupt investigation I
have ever seen that the just partner is
allowing to go forward I want to bring
in Kim Whaley former Assistant United
States Attorney and former associate
independent and counsel in the
Whitewater investigation kam first of
all what are the chances Muller agrees
to these new public demands for an
interview with Trump
well impossible I mean there aren't even
any standards for that the idea is that
the president gets to decide if if this
is a legitimate investigation in
exchange for testimony I mean as you
mentioned we've had 23 and indictments
including Russian trolls we have three
people in the in the campaign we've got
a former White House adviser
we've got charges of lying to the FBI
conspiracy texts crimes I mean this is a
far cry from a witch-hunt but of course
politically we heard this as far back as
the Nixon administration when that
presidency was under under some
investigation as well then if it's
absolute nonsense what Rudy Giuliani is
asking for what would Muller's next
strategic move be if he wants to sit
down with Trump well he has two options
one is just to go forward without it
there's nothing mandating that he sat
down with Trump I mean any good
prosecutor is going to want to to
determine whether there are any
inconsistent statements and also just to
you
dot i's and cross t's to make sure
everything is consistent with what what
they've understood alternatively they
they could subpoena him and we saw this
with President Clinton during the
Whitewater investigation in that
instance President Clinton agreed to sit
down in exchange for withdrawal of the
subpoena and certain terms to govern the
testimony that could happen here but I
mean mr. Trump's been dangling the idea
of testifying for about a year now and I
think it's more likely he'll just kick
the can down the road and see what how
it works out politically with the next
election and you know tell the voters
listen you decide kind of like what
McConnell did with the Supreme Court
pick we don't know but if it did come to
a subpoena then the next step would be
the president saying no and then that
would could produce a contempt citation
and then that would certainly go to the
courts to determine the extent to which
the president can thumb is knows a valid
criminal investigation process when I
say valid it's one that's consistent
with the rule of law and once the rule
of law starts to fall apart then we're
on a fast track to tyranny regardless of
political party so I do think this is a
very high-stakes game of chicken right
now all right well I also want to play
what Giuliani said about Michael Flynn
what he said to him was can you give
Comey says he took it as directly that's
okay I mean I'm taking it that way I
mean by that time he had been fired the
reality is as a prosecutor I was told
that many times can you give the man a
break either by his lawyers by his
relatives by friends you take that into
consideration but you know that doesn't
determine that not going forward with it
can you give the man a break is that
true as a prosecutor in the Whitewater
investigation did you get asked that all
the time
well I mean the difference here is that
the president is the president and in
the client here has some control over
these potential witnesses so no I you
know of course prosecutors get get
influenced or at least attempt to be
influenced by people that could be
affected by what's the work of the
prosecutor I mean lawyers are trying to
get the best deal for their clients but
this is a really different situation
when the president is under article 2 of
the Constitution in charge of the
criminal justice system and at the
federal level and so traditionally the
the FBI and the DOJ have stayed separate
from presidential influence not because
it's required by the Constitution but
because that's how we keep our system of
justice legitimate and independent so so
we are potentially crossing nine lines
here now whether this this gives rise to
a criminal charge obstruction of justice
or witness tampering that's a different
question because you have to show intent
and that's a really high standard of
proof all right I want to ask about the
power of discrediting Bob Muller we
didn't talk all day long about his track
record who he is what he's achieved in
his life but the president has been
masterful at attacking him and just this
weekend
he attacked the Russia probe again via
Twitter saying public opinion has turned
strongly against the rigged witch hunt
and the special counsel because the
public understands that there was no
collusion with Russia so ridiculous
that the two FBI lovers were a fraud
against our nation and that the only
collusion was with the Democrats now
irrelevant of fact-checking
the president's tweet he's not wrong
about public opinion a new Washington
Post poll found that 45% of Americans
disapprove of Robert Muller's handling
of the investigation that is a four
excuse me
fourteen point increase since January
and you and I both know since January
we've seen a flood of indictments so is
the president's strategy and will
Rudy Guiliani working well I mean if
public opinion is the is the metric
presumably and and the problem is that
this could actually come down to a
political resolution I think there is a
strong argument that an indictment would
be problematic under the Constitution
that's not resolved but I think rod
Rosen Stein would probably respect the
established practice of the Department
of Justice to pay attention to the
office of legal counsels determination
that he couldn't indict him so then
there would be a political method of
accountability if there is wrongdoing
demonstrated and that would come down to
an impeachment process and if that if at
all and so the voters have to pay
attention I mean this is really the
difference that you point out between
Nixon and even the Whitewater probe and
that is that a lot of this is playing
out with frankly lies and distortions
out of the White House and you know we
hear these things and we start to it
starts to become part about what we
understand as truth a.b I think there
also is just a fatigue factor the the
the the problems out of this
administration have been so so many and
so quick and so massive and scale that I
think people are just trying to go on
with their lives and they're losing
focus on where the eye and the ball
should be in here in my mind as a
constitutional law professor in addition
to a former prosecutor in the Whitewater
ins investigation has to do with the
system do we have an a system where the
people at the highest levels of
government are accountable to the public
for potential corruption and we don't
know exactly what happened here but but
of course I mean to suggest that this is
a witch-hunt when we've seen what's come
out of this investigation so far in
terms of guilty pleas it is really is
really problematic it's just not true
look at that picture again please this
ain't no witch-hunt can thank you so
much I appreciate you joining me this
morning it is stunning the lies that
continue to come out of the White House
work we can sit here all day long and
say why is it that Larry Kudlow says
debt and deficit are going down why does
rudy giuliani go on TV and straight-up
lie they do it because with a particular
audience it works
hey there I'm Chris Hayes remember
see thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube
if you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
