white slavery and apartheid poverty is
not natural it is man-made and it can be
overcome and rotated by the actions of
human bills and overcoming poverty is
not a gesture of charity is the
protection of a fundamental human right
they're right the right to dignity and a
decent life that was Nelson Mandela
speaking in 2005 to over 20,000 people
in London urging world leaders to end
extreme global poverty in Johannesburg
on December 2nd of this year the
advocacy organization global citizen
will hold a free event for 100,000
people to honor Mandela's legacy and aim
to make major strides to end extreme
poverty and today we're helping announce
the artists who will be headlining the
global citizen festival Mandela 100
event among them Beyonce jay-z ed
Sheeran Eddie Vedder Pharrell Williams
and Chris Martin joining us now a member
of the festival's host committee and a
United Nations sustainable development
goal advocate oscar-winning actor
Forrest Whitaker also with us the host
of MSNBC's politics nation and president
of the National Action Network Reverend
Al Sharpton and chuck Robbins CEO of
Cisco which is a major sponsor of the
event good to have you all on board
thank you very much how did you get
involved and what do you hope to get at
what do you hope the world to get out of
this event I mean I've been working with
global citizens since 2016 and I mean
one of the things that they do is bring
together individuals normal citizens to
be able to find actions that they can do
to help change the planet to make it a
world that they want to be in and so I
started working with them on that
when their major goals is as you heard
about the eradication of poverty in the
world and this is one of the main issues
that that affects me also because I work
also in conflict resolution and in that
area the lack of resources lack of
ability to be able to take taken care of
and have the dignity of a human being
right eradicated from them and so these
two things come together for me talk
about also remembering Nelson Mandela on
the 100th anniversary yeah and what that
means to all of us in a time like this I
think that he serves as an iconic beacon
for all of us to understand that as an
individual you can make an effect on the
planet in the world I mean he he was
able to fight against you know
institutional racism with apartheid and
he was able to move out of that and move
into a space of like trying to bring the
country together through forgiveness and
I think these are lessons that all of us
need to to follow as we continue to make
our journey isn't it extraordinary it's
not only that he triumphed and a
generational battle but also brought a
country together that had been torn
apart whites and blacks coming together
in South Africa that was as great of an
achievement a peaceful resolution as was
the victory nice powerful when he put
together the Truth and Reconciliation
committee to be able to deal with the
issues that had happened during the
conflict of a part that I mean he was
able to like make the nation look at
hearing the problems but then finding
forgiveness in their heart so that they
would be able to work together as people
and I think this is a very powerful
message for all of us Mandela's legacy
is certainly certainly something to look
at during this time and Chuck Robbins
some would argue that it's a time where
private citizens and corporations can
step up where perhaps there might be an
empathy void in the administration I
won't put those words in your mouth but
why don't you tell us what is motivating
Cisco to step up first of all mica Joe
thanks for having us
today and we're very excited to be
partnering with global citizen you know
a couple of years ago just in line with
our culture we made a commitment
to positively impact a billion lives by
2025 around the world recently we just
made a fifty million dollar commitment
to towards homelessness here in Silicon
Valley and when I met Forrest and Hugh
Evans and the rest of the team this just
is a very natural thing for us to be a
part of in trying to end poverty it it
lines up with our culture it lines up
with our initiative to positively affect
a billion people and frankly I do think
that corporate America and corporations
around the world have to take a much
more active role in helping solve some
of the biggest problems and we're really
excited to be partnering with them
wherever now just listening to forests
response and his explanation of why he
got involved Nelson Mandela it is
amazing when you reflect upon his life
to think that here was an individual who
spent a good part of his life in
basically at 12 foot by 10 foot cell and
emerged without seemingly any bitterness
and emerged to help lead the world
toward a better place incredible to
think about that you know it really is
and and part of this celebration of
Mandela is to celebrate the best in the
human spirit how he turned his pain into
power and suffering into redemption and
I remember the times that I was around
him
there was no even off-the-record kind of
bitterness of acrimony so I think when
all of us head to Johannesburg I went
with you Evans and Martin Luther King
the third and one of Mandela's grandsons
to meet with the secretary-general to
talk about this is a world event to
really challenge all of us to rise up
like Mandela above ourselves to make
change around poverty but also changing
those notions in us that lead toward a
negative climate that's what he
exemplified and this year of celebrating
Mandela is to celebrate the best in us
that's why we're going with the best
talent to Johannesburg December 2nd so
so far I see you brought it up we're
talking about it the power of
reconciliation something we need in our
own politics every day and every time
I think oh the divisions are too wide I
remember Lincoln second inaugural
650,000 Americans killed talking about
with malice toward none stitching the
Union together and that's what Mandela
did what and the powerful legacy it's
it's an unbelievable legacy to bring
that together and still after after his
old freedom when he was released from
prison after 27 years he still focused
on the freedom of others and I think
there's there's something that it's
really powerful what you're talking
about about separation I think to bring
together all of us under a banner of
understanding that we're working towards
giving everybody their their rights of
the right for life liberty and the
pursuit of happiness the ability to be
able to work the ability to take care of
themselves really have a home to be able
to be fed all these things coming
together are things that all of us can
relate to and as a people and as a
nation and as a world we have to bring
ourselves together under these banners
and that's something the global citizens
talking about as well as the continued
fight to end extreme poverty reven al we
still have a long way to go and in that
area don't we we we do have a long way
to go but we must be committed to it but
I think Mandela particularly in this
century our celebration gives us the
power of possibility here's a man who
literally went from prisoner to
president so you have to keep believing
you have to keep striving we can do it
and we're gonna prove it the global
citizen festival Mandela 100 will take
place on December 2nd in Johannesburg
for more information on how you can earn
your free tickets go to global citizen
org Forest Whitaker Reverend Al Sharpton
Chuck Robbins thank you all so much and
Thank You Chuck for what you and Cisco
we're doing means an awful lot we
greatly appreciate it and that does it
for us this morning thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
