tonight President Trump is expected to
announce his pick to replace retiring
Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy
according to NBC News Trump has narrowed
his list of contenders to four
candidates Brett Kavanaugh Amy Kony
Barrett Raymond Catholic and Thomas
Hardman a source with knowledge of the
selection process tells NBC that Trump
is focusing on Cavanaugh and Hardman all
right we will continue to ask questions
about this joining us now professor of
law George Washington University Law
School Jeffrey Rosen he's also president
and CEO of the National Constitution
Center and a contributing editor of the
Atlantic good to have you on board this
morning great to have you on board so do
you do this your information line up
with these information that it's knees
for and that's been narrowed down to
Cavanaugh and Hardiman well I'm reading
the same paper as you are but it's
important to stress first of all the
huge significance of today this is the
hundred and fiftieth anniversary of the
14th amendment to the Constitution which
guaranteed equality and Liberty after
the Civil War and the appointment
President Trump makes today could
determine the shape of the 14th
amendment for the next 50 years so this
is going to be the most important
decision of his presidency and it's
really important to stress similarities
and differences between Cavanagh and
Hardiman we know that Cavanaugh is seen
as an insider he worked for the Starr
investigation he's a very respected
conservative judge who favors executive
power but Trump seems to fear that he
might resurrect a lot of the impeachment
concerns that would focus the nomination
hearings on similarities and differences
between the Clinton impeachment and the
possibility of Trump's own impeachment
Hardiman has less of a record Trump is
impressed by the fact that he drove a
cab when he was at Georgetown Law School
his decisions about social conservative
matters like contraception and abortion
or in a pro conservative direction but
he may not be as dramatic and
originalist as the other candidates but
the central question here is what is the
approach to precedent of all these
candidates will they uphold decisions
that they might
agree with like roe v wade or are they
determined to overturn them as
inconsistent with original understanding
so although all four of these candidates
are conservative there are really
important differences among them and it
is very important for citizens to read
their records and try to understand what
kind of judicial conservative each of
them might be and so so Kristin Barrett
seems to be the grand slam that some
people have said for social
conservatives at the same time we've
spoken with senators who say that is the
nomination that will not get through the
Senate just will not get through the
Senate and then you have Hardiman and
the others it's interesting if this pic
is seen as a pic that does will
ultimately lead to the ending of roe v--
wade that's certainly what social
conservatives have been after since 1973
at the same time I saw a poll yesterday
that showed 60% of Americans don't want
that to happen
interesting very interesting here only
31% do very interesting how this sort of
plays into Trump's 1/3 focus on 1/3 of
America sure so I think I would be
surprised if any of these four in a
confirmation hearing were to come out
and say yes it is my goal to overturn
Roe versus Wade yes if appointed to this
position I would do so I suspect that
any of those four would say I defer to
precedent I think that does not mean
that all past precedents are right you
can look at cases take something like
citizens united which is a case where
public opinion shows that about 90% of
America does not like the decision that
was made in citizens united but if you
are going to make adherence to precedent
the thing you are looking for then does
that mean that a judge who says I would
be open to overturning citizens united
is disqualified so I think you know
there's so much focus on Roe vs. Wade
but there are a lot of cases that have
been decided where if you have a judge
take a position that is potentially
unpopular
you'll have is a lot of red state
Democrats so bear in mind the makeup of
the Senate right now there are a lot of
Democrats in states Trump won if they
can find any plausible excuse to say
look I didn't want to obstruct the
president I wanted to confirm his person
but here's this one thing that gives me
an out that'll make it much more
challenging for Mitch McConnell to get
it through so I think the reason why you
would want to pick someone who maybe
doesn't have as much of a paper trail or
doesn't have the potential for doing
something in a hearing that could get
them in trouble is precisely that you
want to maximize pressure on those red
state Democrats don't give them an
excuse to say well here's why I'm out
and no for those watching it's important
to understand all conservatives are not
created equal you have Justice Thomas
who is more in the Barrett line of
thinking which is every day is a new day
a new opportunity to overturn existing
precedent that I find offensive and not
not aligned with my view of the
Constitution and then you have Hardiman
who there are suggestions at least he
made me be more like John Roberts who
who balances precedent a bit more in
Kavanagh has a record of threading
getting the needle right as it were that
can frustrate conservative as you said
can frustrate and can make conservatives
happy at times but that would actually
make him harder to confirm because he
has such a paper trail which leads me to
my question for you Jeffrey is what is
the what is the president's best
confirmation strategy here is it to pick
somebody who's unoffensive and sail
through the Senate and get this out of
the way or do you think it's possibly
better for the Republican position to
pick somebody who engages conservatives
who enlivens the base ahead of a
probably difficult election year even
though this probably is going to be out
of the way by September October it's a
great question Mitch McConnell has told
the president that he thinks that
Catherine and Hardiman would be the
easiest confirmation picks because
Kavanagh and Barrett would inflame the
country on the other hand on the
assumption that they're gonna get
through anyone that they nominate in any
event you might really want to motivate
the base but the really interesting
thing is overturning Roe many people
understand maybe the worst thing that
could happen to the Republican Party
because
a lot of pro-choice women and men who
are Republicans who are don't want ro to
be overturned and for that reason Trump
like President Bush 41 might prefer to
choose a nominee who actually doesn't
overturn roe Bush 41 famously told
Clarence Thomas you don't have to
overturn Roe and Trump weighing all
these calculations wants to assure his
base that the person is conservative but
might prefer someone who can get through
easily through the Senate and and might
preserve the core of Roe so for those
those reasons a political sensible
calculation might indeed mean Hardiman
or Kathryn you know what so interesting
Mika is for a president who uses only
the NFL season to pick a fight with the
NFL and NFL players and who actually
tells people closed him that that's
really good for his political brand yeah
why not bear it why not pick the fight
and if she does end up getting defeated
then we'll all the more I fall the more
ammunition
we thank us all that's that's my gut
Jeffrey Rosen thank you very much
Kristen Soltis Anderson and Jon Meacham
thank you both as well and Andrew
Mitchell will be watching entry Mitchell
reports at noon eastern on MSNBC and
hope to have you back with us throughout
the week as the president heads overseas
thank you so much thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
