so the thing about a trade war is that
one side fires a shot then the other
side fires back in the latest round
China has responded to the white house
with 25 million dollars in tariffs and
while recent polling shows international
trade at the top of just a few people's
minds there's growing evidence that it
is changing opinions of some voters
joining me on set is Pulitzer Prize
winning reporter for The Washington Post
David Farenthold and joining me from New
York as NBC News correspondent Jolene
Ken who covers business and technology
Joe I'm going to start with you I can
you just help us understand you know we
see these headlines you know X million
or X billion and tariffs on these Goods
at what point are people really going to
start to feel this in their daily lives
well we're going to start seeing it come
through very soon what we're starting to
see is how this will actually impact
jobs throughout the country our team has
been reporting on how layoffs have begun
to happen even throughout the Midwest
ranging from textiles like nails to
other kinds of factory goods and
agriculture as well so the issue here is
not just the back-and-forth between the
US and China this is really about the
American consumer when does the cost get
passed down because these companies are
gonna be taking a big hit
soybean farmers folks who make cheese
all kinds of different manufacturing
industries and almost every single type
of food category that you can think of
at the grocery store is slated to be
impacted because of this back and forth
between Beijing and Washington DC so
we're expecting to see probably about a
hundred and seventy thousand jobs
according to one economist eliminated
within the year and then if President
Trump goes forward and continues to
implement more trade changes and tariffs
on other countries including those in
Europe Mexico and Canada as he has
forecasted you may see us enter a
recession territory and that would be
about 700,000 jobs American jobs on the
line here so for a president who's
really looking to create American jobs
bring them back and highlight
manufacturing a lot of workers are
finding themselves between a rock and a
hard place here Casey yeah and some
reporters have been looking at anecdotal
impact of these trade policies in key
midterm races like in Tennessee The
Associated Press interviewed a hog
farmer named Jimmy Tosh the
a P wrote quote Tosh a third-generation
farmer who almost always votes
Republican said he's voting this fall
for Blackburn's Democratic opponent
former Governor Phil Bredesen in part
because Trump's trade wars are hurting
his family business a sizeable one with
some 400 employees and 30,000 pigs the
cost of steel needed for new barns is up
Tosh said and the expanding pork market
stands to suffer under new tariffs okay
Kimberly Atkins at what point and Mark
lotta I want I'm gonna give you a chance
to answer this question too in a second
at what point do Trump voters start
blaming the president yeah things that
are going on in their lives I think
there's definitely going to be a tipping
point because if you remember his
supporters were very in favor of his
strong message that the u.s. is an
unfair trade deals that we need to fix
them that we need to get tough with
countries like China but in the the
actual starting of a trade war maybe not
this initial salvo met Vietnam a not be
felt across the country but if it
escalates and they do more and more and
he said he's willing to go up to five
hundred billion dollars in tariffs on
China that's really going to have an
impact on farmers on consumers on
businesses if people start feeling it in
their pocketbook they're gonna realize
that this perhaps was not the best way
to sort of rectify any unfairness he saw
in the trade war I'm not sure it'll
happen before the midterms but he's got
to be worried about 2020 Mark Lauder I
mean our voters our voters willing to
give these these are states these are
the states that gave President Trump the
presidency and by this much I mean a
very slim number of voters that handed
him this electoral college victory is he
completely Teflon with them or is there
a risk I think I think they're giving
him a certain benefit of the doubt there
was a there was a study that just came
out earlier this week I believe from
investor's business daily which showed
consumer and economic confidence the
highest in rural areas of America since
the turn of the century the highest in
the Midwest since 2002 and this was just
recently done so it includes the most
recent back-and-forth on trade I think
they are giving him a fair shake because
they know that we have been involved in
these trade these unfair trade practices
for decades presidents of both parties
have talked about needing to do
something about it and they see that
this is the president they elected who
said I would do it and he's actually
doing it there
our bumps in the road sure and I think
there will be a certain amount of
forgiveness to get to allow this justice
serve them out I won't put a timeline on
it but I think there is a certain amount
of time they're going to say you're
doing what you told us you would do now
let's see it work and we'll see how that
plays out
David Perrin hold you've done some
reporting on the president's own
businesses in China is there any
interplay here between you know what's
going on in this war in his own bottom
line from that perspective
the two main connections between Trump's
business and China are these two
overseas developments one in Dubai and
one in Indonesia where Trump has a
license deal he's being paid to operate
a golf course or put his name on a
business that's being built and the same
developments have Chinese state
companies helping to build them so Trump
and the Chinese businesses aren't doing
business directly but he benefits from
the infrastructure and the developments
they're building so there's not I don't
think the territory world will have a
direct impact on those relationships but
this is certainly a case where the
government of China controls businesses
that could help Donald Trump down the
road Joe go ahead on that very good
point that he just made you have to
think about these multinational
companies that are really driving the
American economy like Apple and these
big technology companies that
manufacture so many of their goods in
China they also sell to the Chinese
market in some cases it's their second
biggest or maybe their biggest market
out there how is it going to impact
those CEOs those shareholders so many of
those stocks of course are in your 401k
and you have CEOs like Apple Apple CEO
Tim Cook going to the White House trying
to make the case here to ask the
president to tread very carefully
because this is a complicated issue that
could really have a major economic
impact not just on what you're buying
and how much you're spending but your
investments yeah that's a really great
point and at a time when the US economy
is humming the latest round of Chinese
tariffs is expected to kul demand for
everything from American cars to
crustaceans Vaughn Hilliard reports from
Maine seen a nice beautiful shiny shell
off the coast of Maine lobster season is
at its summer peak I've been lobstering
since I was
and I'm 63 Jack Thomas is one of 12
thousand Mainers who troll these waters
in an industry that accounts for 1.5
billion dollars of the state's economy
the big boys but on Friday in a growing
global trade war China fired back with a
25% tariff on the lobsters so many
people here rely on we'd like to see
Britain prices go up gone down for sure
it had been a booming open market for
these fishermen the u.s. is rising tide
of exports to China has exploded in
recent years lifting all boats with it
how many lobsters are you sending out a
day we probably send out 15 to 20,000
lobsters almost every day and how much
of that is going overseas overseas over
60% of our lobsters and how much to
China to China alone it's usually over
20% Tom Adams is a major lobster
distributor he exports them from
hundreds of local fisherman coops to
overseas markets he just invested 1.5
million dollars into the company's
expansion not foreseeing what was to
come
how long can you afford to be patient in
this we can't afford to be patient at
all it's the same story an hour down the
road in Portland where mark morels
company had just entered the Chinese
marketplace
I just spent three months with the
potential new buyer in Shanghai that
wanted 40,000 pounds a week and then
when the tariffs scare came now it's
radio silence and then there are the
people who haul the traps day in and day
out like Cyrus Sleeper he's fished these
waters since the age of nine it now
brings in 50,000 pounds of lobster every
year are you frustrated yes yes
frustrated this seems like they had just
gotten rolling and had been building
good relationships in China to put a
damper on that at this point is very
frustrating some here looked to the
president to be a boon for the economy I
was hopeful you were hopeful for the
Trump administration yes it started
absolutely where is that now
I'm concerned a concern of some of the
decisions in the way those decisions are
being made aren't considering the ripple
effect
now there's worry that China will look
elsewhere for its Lobster like Canada
just to the north and the people here in
Maine are stuck quickly searching
elsewhere to make up those millions of
dollars everything that I have my car
house everything that I own is from
lobster that was our von Hilliard
reporting a very difficult hardship
assignment it's summer summer in Maine
eating lobsters but I do want to turn to
a David Ferran Thals latest reporting in
the Washington Post about Mara Lago
applying to the Labor Department for
permission to hire 61 foreign workers
during its peak winter season this is a
different story than the tariffs but
still one about American businesses
facing interesting challenges under
President Trump we know that there are
some other places that are there
struggling to get the foreign workers
they need we had covered the crab
industry in Maryland for example and
there and they can't you know get the
visas that they need I mean first of all
do we think the president's gonna get
preferential treatment for these I mean
isn't this is something of a I mean
these are not sure bets right if you
apply for these visas well so they've
said the president won't get
preferential treatment he's lucky and
that they break these visas up by summer
and winter so the huge amount of
competition for the half of the 33,000
that have put out for the summer because
they're needed for crab picking for
landscaping for golf courses he's
applying for the winner to serve drinks
to people when they fly down from New
York to Florida in the winter and
there's not that much competition for
seasonal workers in the winter so he's
always had less there's not lucky yeah
exactly
so they said he won't get me present
preferential treatment he may be better
off anyway because of the season but
this is something where I mean he has
tried to limit these visas dramatically
right there's a broader effort by the
Trump administration sort of
encouragement people at Tom cotton
senator from Arkansas they try to
restrict legal immigration means of
legal immigration on the logic that
temporary workers immigrants low-skill
immigrants drive down wages for American
workers that they make it possible for
employers to pay less to crowd American
workers out to give less benefits and so
doing this this is exactly the kind of
thing that people like Tom cotton have
said look we shouldn't do we should
instead of bringing in somebody from
Romania
to do this job why don't you pay more
why don't you give better benefits why
don't you try harder to find people who
are here in America looking for a job
the jobs of Marlowe goes looking for
they're not rocket science jobs they're
cooks and waiters or there's a lot of
people in Florida we may have those
qualifications mark ladder should the
president hire American workers for
these jobs but today and I think this is
in your point in your story David is
that Marv Largo has to prove to the
Department of Labor that it has sought
to advertise and up and hire Americans
before these visas would be approved and
they would have to show that they tried
they couldn't and it's also not unusual
and other seasonal clubs down in the
area also do the same thing that's right
Palm Beach is a lot of seasonal work a
lot of people down there Trump's
competitors rely on these exact same
kind of workers Trump as Club has always
done what's legally required to show
they're trying to recruit American
workers but it's less than you would
think usually it's placing some
classified ads in the Palm Beach Post
which ask people what they're interested
to apply by fax oh I'm sure that many
people have fax machines in this day and
age
David Farenthold mark Lotter Kimberly
Atkins thank you all so much for your
time tonight we really appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
