thing one tonight most presidents do a
bit of redecorating when they move into
the White House but most presidents
don't have the design sensibility of its
current occupant Donald Trump reportedly
referred to the people's house as put a
real dump and yeah you know compared to
this anything not just covered in gold
is going to be a huge letdown and so
since he's moved in Trump has done some
interior decoration choosing gold drapes
and gold toned upholstery for the OL
office of course adding a portrait of
Andrew Jackson a man infamous among
other things were ordering the forced
removal of Native Americans leading to
thousands of deaths and apparently
hanging a blown up framed
county-by-county map of the 2016
election results in the West Wing oh but
there's more eagle-eyed followers of the
60 Minutes Twitter account noticed a new
work of art gracing the walls of the
White House in this image from Lesley
stalls interview with the president last
night is that dogs playing poker that's
thing too in 60 seconds
so the world got a glimpse of Donald
Trump's newest art acquisition last
night courtesy of 60 minutes a painting
titled the Republican Club featuring
Trump having drinks with a group of
former presidents some dead some alive
all Republican there's a little
confusion at first about the artist some
people assumed it was the sean hannity
favorite and painter of conservative
dreams John McNaughton he of course the
creator of this work titled The
Forgotten man showing President Obama
stepping on the Constitution look at
Thomas Jefferson he can't take it what
are you doing but no Trump's painting is
actually the work of this guy Andy
Thomas and it's a bipartisan series but
also includes this one titled the
Democratic Club featuring Barack Obama
having a beer and hanging out with a
bunch of his predecessors Trump of
course has the Republican version you'll
of course notice Abe Lincoln in front
there apparently captivating everyone
with tales of what he's been up to for
the last 150 years
it's a flattering depiction of everybody
but I've got to say Trump in particular
looks healthy the artist said he wanted
to make everybody look as good-looking
as they can and try to shed the pounds
where I need to Thomas told The
Washington Post that congressman darrell
Issa gifted his work to the president
but revealed it's not actually the
original artwork but a high-quality
laser print which anyone can purchase
from Andy Thomas com starting at just
one hundred and fifty five bucks
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
