they never say I'm a great speaker why
the hell do so many people come what I
have broken more Elton John records he
seems to have a lot of records and we
beat and I by the way I don't have a
musical instrument I don't have a guitar
or an organ no organ Elton has an orchid
really we do it without like the musical
instruments this is the only musical the
mouth and hopefully the brain attached
to the mouth right the brain more
important than the mouth is the brain
the brain is much more important Donald
Trump puts famously said quote I have
the best words well at a rally in
Montana this week that you just saw a
bit of he seemed intent on saying all
the words whether they made sense or not
so we decided to call in an expert to
once again decode Trump's speak our
favorite Trump lingo wallet just I'm
gonna make a board there John McWhorter
linguistics professor at Columbia
University thank you this is one of my
favorite eggs do because it I do feel
like there's this disconnect we just
heard Donald Trump say those words and
we were just talking in the break about
how when he performs it with the
performance the crowd loves it and they
don't perceive it to be incoherent but
when you read it he says they never say
I'm a great speaker what why the hell do
so many people come it's got to be
something I guess they like my policy
then he goes into Elton John and he says
he tries to explain we don't need it we
don't have an organ we have people in
the space we break all these records
because we do it with like the music
with it like the mute without like the
musical instruments this is the only
musical the mouth the only musical the
mouth and hopefully the brain attached
to the mouth right the brain more
important than them I don't understand
it
why do his vote is base think of that as
not just great
but presidential you know a lot of this
is because if you're processing language
the first thing that gets into your
brain is the tone is the music then
comes the content a lot of what he's all
about is just the melody of it the
punchiness of it
the air about it and for many people
that's compelling and so that seems
articulate that certainly the way he
thinks of these things and so in a way
when he's talking about a musical
instrument like Elton John and the organ
which is interesting I always thought of
him as a piano player Benny and the Jets
and all of that organ but actually
really what I think he's thinking is
that there is a kind of music that it's
an instrument and then it's not about
rubbing and down on a verb together
it's about singing a kind of song right
in other words he thinks of that as a
kind of articulate 'no sand i hate to
say that it is because it actually has
snookered a great many people into
thinking that he's saying things you
know there is a thing in the Republican
Party politics where being the not being
erudite as a speaker is seen as a virtue
it was with george w bush the idea that
he's plain-spoken and so when he would
mangle the language even the media would
read that as authentic and great right
he would make up words and people would
say great that's great it's like in the
Karman right at Sarah Palin the same
sort of thing where even the media was
enchanted with the way she spoke and
that that is actually seen as a virtue
of Democrats words you would see people
disparage President Obama from being
almost too erudite in to articulate oh
yeah I mean I think there's a fine line
there's always a sense that to be too
articulate is to be distant is to be the
egghead that's part of why Adelaide
Stevenson didn't become president right
but then on the other hand we do have a
very new situation where you can be
aggressively flagrantly proudly
inarticulate and basically violating the
language on purpose and looking up with
a smile daily and have that be part of
why you become President of the United
States Sarah Palin was a beginning with
that kind of word ambrosia Jeffers and
the fact that she was still taken
seriously by people with IQs over 80 and
then Trump ends up being the culmination
of that kind of thing I really think
that future presidential candidates to
try not to be too articulate because
part of that is just our American anti
intellectual right but it also shows
that content when we process language
can be less important than just the tone
is the first thing that hits it's the
layer of us that is
still an eight and one can take
advantage of that yeah but it's
interesting because in the past and
people like Don F Kennedy people like
President Obama really captivated with
their language it was it was the way
that President Obama spoke that actually
was what captive it's interesting the
same country can be captivated by the
one and the other I want to do one more
because Donald Trump also really is
invested in the idea that he's super
intelligent and he's also a great writer
he wrote a tweet that they later deleted
and reposted with the correct spelling
of poor but he says after having written
many best-selling books he's never
written about Dewey Schwartz wrote the
article and it's on the cover of the
Artic deal that Tony Schwartz wrote it
and somewhat priding myself on my
ability to write it should be noted that
the fake news constantly likes to pour
pou R over my tweets looking for a
mistake I capitalized certain words only
for emphasis not because they should be
capitalized wouldn't write his way out
of a paper bag JK Rowling's work
hahahahaha her response was what that
shows is that he's not thinking while he
writes he's basically communicating on
the fly a lot of us made little spelling
mistakes while we're tapping something
along but he's president and just sends
these things out without reflecting
because really that tweet for example
was all about the tone yeah I could have
played that tweet on a trumpet basically
without even the words and so what it is
is the first president who doesn't give
us statements that he's thought about
instead he just spills and he considers
that to be normal and his base
absolutely loves it John McWhorter I
love talking to you about this stuff
thank you very much for being here doing
hey thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
