under the rules of the Judiciary
Committee and the rules of the Senate
Senate the majority basically does rule
and although we have an opportunity to
ask questions and we should whoever the
nominee may be the notion that we can
stop them with 49 votes is just not in
the cards Democrats are surely wishing
they had more tools in the Box to stop
Donald Trump Supreme Court nominee but
you just heard the rather pessimistic
assessment from Illinois Senator Dick
Durbin meanwhile Republican senator
Orrin Hatch may have tipped Trump's hand
on the pic raising eyebrows for the use
of a pronoun in an editorial quote no
matter the nominees background or
credentials progressives will do
everything they can to paint her as a
closeted partisan if not outright
extremists he goes on to say quote I
will devote all my energies to ensuring
that we confirm the kind of Supreme
Court justice America needs the Justice
who says what the law is not what she
wants it to be
it raises speculation that Trump's pick
will be the only woman on the short list
Circuit Court Judge Amy Kony Barrett so
is there anything Democrats can do to
slow down the Train that could lead to
the end of roe v-- wade and the erosion
of everything from voting rights to
workers rights to affirmative action
back with me my panel Tiffany Kraus Kate
and Dawson Charlie Pierce and Michelle
Bernard all right let's uh I'm gonna
start with you Michelle
judge Amy Kony Barrett's bio she was a
she's a US Circuit appeals court judge
in the Seventh Circuit she's young she
could be on the court for 40 years maybe
more she served as a law clerk for
Antonin Scalia she went to Notre Dame
Trump said he wanted Harvard or Yale so
she didn't do that she has said that
life begins at conception she belongs to
a very very conservative Catholic sect
murca senator Murkowski Donnelly and
Manchin have voted yes to confirm her
before so you could put pressure on them
to do it again and Feinstein's senator
Feinstein Dianne Feinstein's said about
our religious views the dogma lives
loudly in you let's say that she's the
nominee how did the politics wind out
wind up playing out particularly for
Murkowski and Collins well the but let
me just let me start off by saying if
she is the nominee there is absolutely
so much to be fearful of there is a
report that the
Catholic Register reported last week
that talks about her alleged membership
in a church called the people of praise
in Oregon
it is incredibly conservative it's been
described by many as being cult-like
where the women are urged to adhere to
strict gender roles which include
submitting to your husband and
submitting to men so people when we talk
about this discussion and the
possibility of her becoming the next
justice to the Supreme Court or any of
the president's other possible nominees
we have to remember that abortion rights
are not the only thing that is at stake
voting rights whether or not evolution
and science can be taught in the
classroom whether or not classrooms will
remained integrated or segregated you
know gay marriage you talk about it it
is a it is going to be so incredibly
important for people and for Democrats
in particular to step up their game I
personally believe that they've got to
two routes to go one focus on the on the
sort of moderate Republicans in the
Senate Lisa Murkowski as well as Senator
Collins from Maine but also I think that
Democrats need to take a hard look at
Quorum busting they have to have a
quorum in order for this for the
nomination to go through and if all 47
Democrats and the two independents in
the Senate refused to show up for the
confirmation hearings
there cannot be any Senate business on
this issue right and you know I
interviewed when I was telling in know I
might have been last week on this show
we interviewed the the gentleman who
wrote a piece on that for Vox magazine
the professor who wrote about quorum
busting and he seemed to think that it
wouldn't work
because you can't maintain it for very
long in their ways that Republicans can
force Democrats to come back to the
chamber it's been tried in some state
levels under Wisconsin was tried but on
the first point that you made about
trying to focus on what we now pass is
for moderates it's interesting how far
to the right we've shifted given what
passes for moderates now Kate and Dawson
Mitch McConnell according to the New
York Times is actually a little bit wary
of what might happen with Lisa Murkowski
and Susan Collins if it's too explicit
even the lick let's just be honest you
don't even even get on the short list if
you don't want to overturn roe v wade
okay
isn't part of it but he's a little bit
wary and has told Trump that he should
that he could lose these two senators
who support abortion rights if he picks
another judge seen a second if he if he
picks Amy Coney Barrett is it to me I
doubt that I'm not sure that I believe
that Susan Collins wouldn't just vote
with all the other Republicans she's a
Republican so it was mikowski well let
me let me reference this back to my
senior Senator Lindsey Graham who took
the political whipping when he went
after and voted for in support of
President Obama's two liberal justices
Hagan and Sotomayor macaws he said they
were qualified and and elections have
consequences and and so I've lived this
with Senator Graham who's a friend and a
confidante to watch his poll numbers
tumble when he did that and so I'll
predict to you that he will be one of
the leaders in this very close to both
of those senators it's about all you
qualified to serve so senator Graham is
has standing in this arena and took the
punishment for voting for two of Obama's
justices I do think you're gonna have
some Democratic senators they're gonna
look at the same tense and verbs that
Senator Graham did and and and and
probably we've got a chance of one or
two where where they need to get
reelected and this will help them so the
politics of these picks are very
intricate and and serious and and the
winner is going to be Donald Trump and I
look forward to the Democratic Party
attacking a Catholic woman because the
politics are are that women in 18 states
almost immediately could lose their
right to bodily autonomy I mean it's a
little bit different than just saying
whether someone's qualified you know the
the the religious right has been
explicit let me so let me play for you
an interview with the man who crafted
Donald Trump's Supreme Court shortlist
his name is Leonard Leo and he's asked
explicitly about how people got on his
list take a look is it fair to say that
anyone who made it on to your list is
likely to be an opponent a trophy wait
no first of all nobody really knows
we've been talking about this for 36
years going all the way back to the
nomination of Sandro
and after that 36 year period we only
have a single individual on the court
who is expressly said he would overturn
Roe so I think it's a bit of a scare
tactic and rank speculation more than
anything else so people don't believe
that here is an ad from the group demand
justice which is aimed directly at cons
and Murkowski in which it expresses what
I think are pretty widespread doubt that
that is is an honest assessment of how
people make the list take a listen
if Donald Trump has his way the next
Supreme Court pick will turn the court
against a woman's constitutional right
to safe legal abortion Trump said he'll
only pick judges who overturn Roe and
outlaw abortion it has to be some form
of punishment to the one yeah senator
Susan Collins could be the deciding vote
on Trump's pick for justice she claims
to support a woman's right to have an
abortion so why won't she rule out
voting for Trump's anti choice Biggs I'm
just gonna go around I'll let everybody
have a chance can't Nardi got a chance
to Charlie Pierce Democrats don't
believe it when people on the right say
they're not really trying to explicitly
put somebody on that overturns Roe is
there is that a good-faith misbelief
disbelief mm-hmm well first of all I
want Michelle Bernards my political
strategist because she's gotten the
proper ferocity okay that's number one
number number two of course not I mean
you don't get on the Federalist Society
list if you're Michigan wishy-washy on
that particular issue but there's a
couple of points I want to make number
one okay I've always believed that the
real target of this effort is not row
but Griswold it is an article of faith
in the Republican conservative judicial
circles that there is no right to
privacy in the Constitution and that and
the other thing that leads me to my
second point which is not which is that
this particular fight has little or
nothing to do with trumpism this is a
chance to to enact a Republican wish
list that goes back before Ronald Reagan
this is that this is an effort to
finally reverse the gains of the civil
rights movement to I mean John Roberts
made his bones in the Reagan Department
as a young in the Reagan Justice
Department as a young lawyer attacking
the Voting Rights Act okay the Voting
Rights Act is going to be on the table
obviously labor rights after last week
are going to be on the table
environmental regulations are going to
be on the
able this isn't trumpism this is
republicanism just add real quickly joy
I'm looking at these ads and there's
been so much focus on abortion rights
and a woman's right to choose and I feel
like I would be remiss if I didn't point
out that that is not that is not a
winning argument alone on this fight
there are red state feminists all over
the country they are pro-life and
Democrats have to find a way to reach
out to those women and tell them what is
at stake in their futures if any of the
president's nominees make it onto this
court if they haven't let you into a do
Democrats have any sort of coherent
strategy very quickly yeah I really
don't see a strategy forward for
Democrats because even if you target
Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins on the
left you've got Joe Donnelly Joe Manchin
Heidi Heitkamp on the right and I just
want to say very quickly
this is red-meat to his face this is why
they were able to give him a bottomless
mulligan when he supported an accused
child molester because they care so much
about fetuses but very little about
children crossing the border in cages or
children in Flint Michigan drinking
poison water this was my image of your
black or brown skin we're gonna bring a
bit lately all right the whole panel
will be back next hour Tiffany Kate and
Charlie Thank You Michelle
we're coming bringing everybody back
because a great panel is coming up in
our next hour the man who allegedly
turned a blind eye to sexual harassment
at Fox News lands a new job at the White
House and Michael avenatti is back here
live on am joy stay with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
