I'm Ali Velshi in for lawrence O'Donnell
trade wars are easy to win that's what
President Trump tweeted to his
supporters earlier this year before he
actually started a trade war with Canada
Mexico and the European Union that trade
war continues and now Donald Trump has
started another one the world's two
biggest economies are now engaged in a
trade war with the first shot fired by
the president just after midnight Friday
morning Donald Trump imposed tariffs on
34 billion dollars worth of Chinese
goods coming into the United States
including aircraft parts heavy machinery
medical equipment and diesel-powered
trucks and buses China's foreign
ministry immediately accused the
president of violating world trade rules
and launching the largest trade war in
economic history and imposed its own
tariffs on 34 billion dollars worth of
American goods including soy beans beef
pork poultry seafood automobiles and
whiskey and that might be just the first
volley in a long fight the president
told reporters Thursday that he had
already prepared tariffs on an
additional 16 billion dollars worth of
Chinese goods and says he's willing to
put tariffs on as much as 500 billion
dollars worth of Chinese goods which
would be roughly equivalent to every
single Chinese import into America the
first people to lose if the Trump trade
war goes wrong are going to be the
people who elected Donald Trump let me
show you a map this shows where China's
retaliatory tariffs will hurt the most
the counties in dark colors will feel
the greatest pain in their local
industries because of the tariffs as you
can see most of those counties are dark
red meaning they voted for Donald Trump
according to The Wall Street Journal
almost 20% of the counties that voted
for the Donald Trump will see more than
25% of their economies affected by the
tariffs while only 3% of the counties
that voted Clinton will feel the same
impact some of those Trump supporters
say they are willing to bet the farm
literally on president Trump's trade war
but farmers work on razor thin margins
and they fear that they'll be ruined if
the fight drags on for too long one
farmer in Michigan telling NBC News
Today quote
the banks are not going to keep writing
checks to save your farm for some family
farms one season could be the death of
them an owner of the largest
family-owned pork producer in the United
States telling CNBC the farm industry
has been quote asked to be good Patriots
we have been but I don't want to be the
Patriot who dies at the end of the war
and here was the reaction in Maine's
lobster industry which today woke up to
new tariffs on its annual exports of
more than 100 million dollars worth of
lobster to China some workers in Maine
whose livelihoods depend on that
industry spoke to NBC's Vaughn Hilliard
we have enough challenges already with
the prices of fuel the prices of bait
have gone up and we just didn't need
another challenge like this right now so
now the concern with these tariffs being
placed right now by China is that we
will lose a crucial part of the markets
that we've developed over the years here
in Maine losing sales and revenue for
our company possibly making us eliminate
jobs I'm hopeful that what he's doing is
gonna end up in the long run being great
for everyone but right now how confident
are you that that's gonna be not not
very very and so Donald Trump has
created economic uncertainty across wide
across wide swaths of the United States
today
neither the America neither America nor
China have shown any signs of backing
down so far and no one is quite sure
what happens next one piece from Reuters
today suggests ominously the conflict is
likely to escalate beyond trade and into
curbed visas for Chinese students
toughened vetting a foreign investment
in China and China imposing
administrative punishments on American
companies all of which threatened to
create more collateral damage in the
Trump trade war joining us now is Jared
Bernstein a senior fellow at the Center
on Budget and Policy Priorities he was
the chief economist from the economic
policy advisor to Vice President Biden
also joining us David corn Washington
bureau chief for Mother Jones co-author
of the book Russian roulette and an
MSNBC political analyst and Susan Dell /
CEO is a Republican
strategist and an MSNBC political
analyst welcome to all of you on a
Friday night Suze let me start with you
this is Republicans were always the ones
shouting let's just reduce trade
barriers that a world is better if
there's more trade and look that's a
really that's a hot topic that we can
all debate but President Trump is up
against his own party on this one he
absolutely is and many of his people in
his own party are up for reelection in
four months
so while President Xi who's the
president for life can play a long game
on this I mean China typically does the
president has to worry about not just
his election but the election coming up
in four months how long can they hold on
like you said they go from season to
season and then just also on the
strategy part of this and you actually
probably know better than I do it seems
that this should be all about the
intellectual property aspect that's the
issue right and so why are we why are we
hurting our own people because one thing
we know is that Donald Trump has not
actually said what he wants as a result
of this trade war and that's what's
going to be more confusing as this
nebulous discussion about fairness Jared
Bernstein I have to tell you dawn
Hilliard and our other reporters are out
there they've been out there for weeks
talking to whiskey producers and pork
producers and lobstermen in Maine today
and I will say one thing in those Trump
counties these folks that we're talking
to seem to take some satisfaction in the
president taking a tough line to Susan's
point we're not quite sure where this
tough line goes but Donald Trump has not
lost support among a lot of his base by
doing this yeah I think that's true
because remember he ran on the
proposition that some of our trading
partners are cheating us and when it
comes to trade with China and Susan just
mentioned this there are ways in which
the Chinese have been guilty of unfair
trading practices part of that has been
intellectual property part of that has
been manipulating their currency to make
their exports to us cheaper than our
imports to them so people who have been
involved in tradable good businesses for
many years they recognize that the
problem is and the two of you were just
getting at that these tariffs won't have
that impact these tariffs are going to
hurt many more Americans than they're
going to help and I feel
great sympathy for some of those folks
who were talking about the possibility
that you know maybe this will help
because at least as far as I and every
other economist on all sides of the
aisle sees this down the road this isn't
the way to go about it it's a very
misguided strategy it's going to lead to
higher prices slower growth and by the
way you say you're not sure what Donald
Trump's go his ultimate goal is to
reduce the trade deficit I don't think
it's gonna do that either let me talk
about what Donald Trump said last night
in Montana he he often misstates david
korn he often misstates the trade
deficit with china he always calls it
500 billion I've measured this many
times it's about 336 billion that's
actually a very big mistake to make and
they know that they're wrong but they
keep doing it
but here's what he said about it let's
listen we have all the cards with the
bank that everybody's stealing from I
respect China and I respect President Xi
but they've been killing us 507 billion
dollars in trade deficits last year 507
who the hell can lose 500 then you want
to do something about it you get
attacked oh that's not nice that's not
free trade that war was lost on trade
many years ago you know when they're
saying not a free trader I said no no
the war was lost but now we're gonna win
it
and because we have all the cards so
David corn he says the war was lost on
trade many years ago the issue though
with trade globally is that when you
trade with people you're probably less
likely to make war with them and they
tend to be your allies in other areas
and at this point it's a little unusual
because we've opened up on many fronts
we're fighting with our allies we're
fighting with our enemies we're trying
to make a deal with North Korea where
apparently we're doing something with
Russia on the 15 will not clear exactly
what that is and we're pulling out of
the Iran deal so there's more to this
than whether we lost or won a war on
trade it's chaos I mean the president
well you know says that Putin is fine
and then he attacks Justin Trudeau and
his chief trade adviser says there's a
special place in hell for Justin Trudeau
remarked that he had to apologize
for I mean I go back to like the old
Batman movie the Joker the Joker likes
chaos it seems that the president has
almost a psychological need to create
crises he's not going about this trade
policy in a reasonable rational way that
whether his advice is from conservative
economists or progressive economists
like Jared he is just do it going pell
mell in a way that seems a blunderbuss
attack on trade with our allies trade
with our competitors in a way that's
kind of I think work to the advantage of
China and even work to the advantage of
Russia and harming Americans in the in
the short run if not the long run
farmers can't go too long well you know
I'm taking these hits a lot of them live
season to season so I don't know what
his endgame is I just know that
psychologically it looks like he's
lashing out and creating a storm because
he feels a need to do that you make an
interesting point by the way this does
create an advantage for Russia because
all of those things that the Chinese are
not going to buy because because they
got tariffs on from America ie soybeans
they're getting some of it from Brazil
but this is an opportunity from Russia
for whom we're trying to control their
expansion they now get to sell more
goods but they also they also get hard
currency they get currency it makes it
easier for them to get around the
sanctions that we've imposed all right
it's great for Russia
Susan Oxford economics predicts that if
President Trump follows through on his
threats it could actually reduce world
trade by 4% and wipe away for four
tenths of a percentage point of GDP
which equals about eight hundred billion
dollars so there's more to this and this
is why our allies are upset about it I
mean you're we're actually costing
everybody money and I you know I remind
people it was many years ago but the
u.s. sent the world into an economic
tailspin in 2008 we do have to be
cautious about these things absolutely
and there's one other thing to consider
as we start this trick this war with
trade war with China we also apparently
the president also wants to end NAFTA he
has problems with the European Union
he's even drafted legislation to get rid
of the World Trade Organization and it
kind of begs the question he's dying to
dissolve all of these things what deal
has he actually dealt he has not made
the economy better for the people who
are going to
as a result of these tariffs and he's
not making any trade deals whatsoever so
that's the bigger but that's there's no
more do you know what do you think
you're going to get when you hear the
President of the United States say
everything's ok with North Korea now we
have a deal people laugh at that and
they know that you can't take them as
words so how these farmers and
manufacturers can rely on Donald Trump
it doesn't make sense and that's how the
rest of our world is looking at us that
we do Jared you go ahead I think there's
actually even a more fundamental problem
or at least a more fundamental
misunderstanding of what globalization
is in 2018 it's no longer the case and
I'm sure this is the way Donald Trump
thinks of it that everybody's in their
isolated space making their own goods
and trying to sell them into global
markets in fact globalization is now
this incredible omelet of supply chains
that you can't unscramble so if you
actually look at American cars in a
sense every American car is an imported
car because it has imported parts one of
the American cars with the most demand
one of the cars I should say with the
most domestic content on the American
Highway happens to be the Honda Odyssey
ok the largest BMW plant in the world
BMWs a German car maker is in South
Carolina so Donald Trump is going about
once again and this is often the case
when he's talking about manufacturing
and coal and the environment he's going
about this as if it's a 1950s world
where trade flows were 25% of GDP now
there's 60% of GDP
you know David the problem is that it is
a fundamental misunderstanding of trade
but it is appealing to it what appears
to be a third of Americans who are maybe
justifiably angry at the fact that while
we traded away certain manufacturing
jobs for lower prices and lower labor
around the world and while consumers
have enjoyed this for the last 30 or 40
years we maybe didn't do enough our
governments didn't do enough to it to
figure out good you know how it is these
people are disaffected so we are now
seeing the the
kids coming home to roost Donald Trump
is a con man who's playing off real
resentments and real concerns from a
great number of Americans
I mean Jared I've I've been watching
Jared for years and decades he's been
talking about how to have a progressive
populist minded sense of an economy and
policy that would bring the the wealth
of the country generates to all sections
of the country and it's true that you
know we haven't had enough of that in
both Republican and Democratic
administrations
and so you know Trump comes in make
America great again I'll have a trade
war he sells very simple bumper sticker
slogans that have no real policy behind
them but it appeals to people because
they are desperate for some better
conditions but some of you the two of
you are exactly right Donald Trump has
identified a problem not only does he
have no idea how to solve it he's gonna
make it work but Susan he's really right
about identifying the problem there are
Americans out there who say I used to
have a good job my father and
grandfather and helped build this
country and now I can't work in a coal
mine I can't work in a manufacturing
facility no one's given them a real
answer or no one in government has given
them a real answer and now they're
looking at Donald Trump to be their
Savior and he's not going to be he gave
them a slogan that's it he has not
delivered on the promises and the
policies he said he was going to offer
he likes to say look at the stock market
it's doing well okay but that's in its
own silo that's not affecting the day to
day life and you know there's another
thing that we're also seeing increase is
oil prices so there that's another
whatever tax cut was in it right that
got passed earlier this year is
basically going to be washed away this
summer for most consumers because they
it's gonna cost them a lot more to get
to and from work even if they have a job
so no one is necessarily gaining but the
slogans sound very good I want to thank
you all it has been great to see you
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
