we're doing something different today on
the beat a special edition to fall back
unlike any other yes this is our first
ever sandwich edition to fall back our
special guests Ralph Nader sandwich
between two friends of the beat the
radio DJs stretch and Bobbito here we
are
I want to I want to play one more time
just so we're all clear on what we're
doing run it again
sandwich edition Ralph Nader you're a
great sport you are a liberal icon and
you are here surrounded by music icons
and I ask you this this week who needs
to fall back fall back New York Times
which reviews and profiles and Coulter
but it's declined to review my last 10
books including one appropriately called
just out to the ramparts by seven
stories press
I appreciate you naming names putting
the New York Times on blast this is the
thing where they get hit for being
allegedly liberal and yet there are
voices yours Noam Chomsky and others who
are clearly I'm not just saying this
because you're here but are clearly
established intellectuals who happen to
be progressive whose don't seem to get
the same attention that's right they've
printed more war criminals and op-eds in
the New York Times than they have major
peace advocates like Noam Chomsky the
late Howard Zinn
the editorial pages sometimes pretty
good pretty liberal but by and large
it's like they're on the defensive all
the time what are they afraid of open it
up to the Civic progressive community
all the groups that built America and
improved its justice well apparently
they're afraid of the nader sandwich
among other things which is a new thing
we created bob you know this we might
need a like a rap beef to settle this
those liars who do you want to fall back
my fall back this time is the train seat
hogs with them on amtrak and it's an old
lady or a young lady with like 15 bags
on the seat instead of putting it up
love and you know it's a holiday weekend
and people looking for a seat and you
can't find a seat oh it's too cat on a
train the hard rock from the outer
borough with the would you quote man's
brother the man and taking up three
seats that's when it's it's a the legs
spread out yes other people's personal
space on the phone listening to his
music loud loud so just fighting for the
people yeah just because people need
space my fallback is the new CEO of
goldman sachs david solomon who now
fancies himself well in addition to
being a banker of a quasi criminal
institution a
causa yeah from Ralph on that he fancies
himself an EDM DJ I think we have a clip
of this let's take a look
this is your area of expertise you're
saying bankers being DJs is a no-go here
at least this Bank I think you know
people need to leave it to the
professionals
okay my fallback is John Kelly for
presiding over one of the least diverse
candidates
excuse me cabinets in history John Kelly
is the chief of staff we could put the
statistics up here in both parties the
Trump administration Scott fewer
minorities and women and nikki Haley
leaving only adds this then the past
three administration's of both parties
what are you talking out this is diverse
Lee a vicious they have they're vicious
in different ways they've got plenty of
different types of avarice and evil in
your view so that's my fallback you have
another one have a fallback
there's a rat infestation in Congress
the rats in the thousands are coming up
from the catacombs and scurrying around
all over Congress I'm so concerned to
this re that I've written this book how
the rats reformed the Congress in order
to stand up for the rats that's it when
is this one this is a fable this is like
a like Mouse right that was the decide
to make yourself laugh seriously enough
to organize and take back Congress for
the people so people at home who are
younger and may not have followed your
whole career wondering has Ralph Nader
written a book about everything no I
have not written a book about inner
mongolia okay my second one is back to
the Train clearly I don't own a car
right so I'm on a train on a car you
don't own a suit imagine your email
where you're on a flight you're on an
track your ravio destination you've been
eating garlic aioli
okay you got stuff in your teeth right
you go to bathroom but NPR for example
they have reusable paper towels
you've lost your co DJ because you want
to start out we're gonna be good to the
environment
this is for a day your face in the hand
drive if this story were a date it would
be a first date that would never leave
to a second I had another fall back and
I was disallowed sorry
can you help us my second fallback is in
New York City sanitation department they
give you a ticket for mixing your
recyclables that they're garbage but
just this week alone I've caught I've
seen in the Sanitation Department come
to the curb and throw the recyclables
and the regular garbage into the same
truck messing it up and I just think
that's really disconcerting we can't get
recycling at a local level however in
the face you know what the UN calls a
crisis that you're gonna be in 2000 so
by 2040 which hours all right we have a
global crisis but it starts with doing
everything we can step by step and I
must say that's not a stretch
Ralph Nader with the stretch poncho
we're gonna count it
my second fallback only came to me in
this moment and it is it is Bobby Joe's
outfit for television means to fall back
and find something I'm not saying you
have to wear a tie but if you look like
you came directly from the gym you might
not be ready for television am I not
being it's all good it's all good
you know guys see a Ralph Nader Ralph
Nader is the essential ingredient to the
NATO sandwich hey I'm already Melba from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
