breaking news tonight Donald Trump's
defense team has reportedly set new
conditions on an interview between the
special counsel Robert Muller's team in
the ongoing Russia investigation tonight
the New York Times reports the special
counsel Robert S Mulliken
evidence that mr. Trump committed a
crime and that his testimony is
essential to completing the
investigation said Rudolph W Giuliani
the president's lead lawyer in the case
Giuliani told The Times if they can show
come to us and show us the basis and
that it's legitimate and that they have
uncovered something we can go from there
and assess their objectivity in may
Giuliani said the president and his
lawyers would decide if Trump would sit
down for an interview with Muller's team
after Trump's summit with North Korean
leader Kim jong-un On June 12th last
month Giuliani pushed the deadline for a
decision to July 4th the special
counsels office declined to comment when
NBC News reached out tonight joining us
now is Yemeni shell sindoor White House
correspondent for PBS Newshour and an
MSNBC contributor and david korn is back
with us welcome to you yami-chan welcome
back David David this development what
do you make of it you know there's a
certain degree of absurdity here and
that the president's team is trying to
dictate to a federal prosecutor what the
rules of the game are here and that's
never been the case before with any
other citizen and we have this past week
past two weeks we see the president
again and again getting out there and
basically deal ajith amaizing the
investigation and saying the Russians
say they didn't medal Putin's a fine
fellow I mean this is all in some ways a
big distraction they'd rather us focus
on will he or won't he testify and lose
sight of the big picture what the Trump
Russia scandal is all about and I think
at the end of the day and interview with
Trump may not be that helpful because
all his past depositions have been full
of inaccurate statements and false
statements and I don't know what molar
is gonna get out of it but yeah Miche
it's interesting because it's a it's a
PR game they're playing here let me just
read you another excerpt from this New
York Times story it says the president's
lawyers want mr. Muller to explain how
the Justice Department gave him the
authority to investigate possible
obstruction
justice by the president in what began
as a counterintelligence investigation
into Russia's meddling the lawyers also
want evidence that the Special Counsel
exhausted every other investigative
measure before asking the President to
answer questions and that he's the only
person who could provide them with the
information they're seeking you me some
might say there they're running out the
clock here they they don't want this
thing guy having wanted it wrapped up
and tied up neatly early on they now
don't want this wrapped up before the
election and so that it does not become
an election issue well the president's
lawyers are requesting conditions that
they admit Robert Muller will not accept
a rule is likely not to accept because
they want to have this aggressive
strategy where they're trying to lure
that where they're looking and and
acting like they are really interested
in made me still doing this interview
when in fact they've already assessed
that this is a that they've said they
believe this is an investigation that's
framing the president Rudy Giuliani has
said that is that maybe this is an
investigation that planted a spy which
of course no evidence is shown the
president has called this a witch-hunt
dozens of time so the fact that Rudy
Giuliani is saying he wants to assess
the objectivity tells you that Rudy
Giuliani has already assessed it I've
talked to him several times other
reporters have - there's nothing about
this investigation that Rudy Giuliani
thinks is right and a lot of lawyers
that are talk to you that have ax this
is a specific question if you were
Donald Trump's lawyers would you wanted
to sit down in front of a special
counselor and I haven't found a lawyer
in Washington who would tell me yes
right because everyone says that the
president sitting down with Robert
mother could start lying to him or start
saying things that are not true even if
he's not intentionally lying and that
could put him in some really hot water
but david korn you are literally the guy
who wrote the book on the Russia
investigation it is your work that was
the work that that really set this off
that people know about and for anybody
who hasn't read your book they really
ought to but here's the problem
increasingly the public is starting to
that the polls are indicating that the
public is starting to worry about this
investigation they're starting to think
it might be a little bit rudderless and
that maybe it's going after so this the
this president repeating of witch-hunt
all the time Rudy Giuliani showing up on
TV all the time and giving interviews
seems to be having some effect in making
Americans I don't know tire of this or
or think maybe it's not
going in the right direction the Trump
White House his lawyers and many
Republican leaders in Congress including
representative Jim Jordan who's in
trouble for the matters these days have
spent a year and a half trying to
discredit the investigation of trying to
say there's nothing here saying there
are no connections to look at it doesn't
matter that Paul Manafort was possibly
in contact with an Putin friendly
oligarch during the campaign they have
shown more concern and more outrage over
the ins and outs of the investigation
than over the fact that Putin attacked
America wasn't meddling it was an attack
and this is all about trying to
discredit Muller the investigation they
act as if he's taken a long time he's
been on the case for a little over a
year the Iran Contra Independent Counsel
took six years there is nothing slow
about this investigation it's
complicated takes time you know when you
meet talks to Rudy Rudy Giuliani his
mission is to try to discredit the
investigation which is which looks at
really the most important political
scandal we've had in the history of this
interesting though because you talked
about Jim Jordan last week in testimony
before the House Rod Rosen Stein was
there Jim Jordan was going after him so
was trey Gowdy and trey Gowdy actually
said yummy Sh to rod Rosen Stein about
the investigation finish it the hell up
because this country is being torn apart
I don't know if you recall how much time
trey Gowdy spent on Hillary Clinton's
emails but all of a sudden I mean this
is the kind of the inconsistency here
right the White House is is slow walking
this thing the Jim Jordan and trey Gowdy
and others in Congress are saying finish
the hell up nobody really knows what
people want done with this well what's
really interesting is that the Benghazi
who could the in Benghazi investigation
that was yeah they had no they had no
indictments Robert Muller who secured
several indictments several people have
pleaded guilty but when I I was out in
Minnesota talking to Trump supporters
and they feel as though the president's
being treated unfairly and it's because
his messages be it is
getting to them the idea that he's being
treated unfairly that this investigation
is about is completely really a rigged
and then this ideas that the American
public when you have story after story
coming out after Russia even if you're a
Democrat who thinks that the president
should not be in office anymore people
are starting to get lost people it's
easy for Americans to start getting
tired of this but I think what really
Juliana Lee said so the New York Times
is really important and it's that he
said that they are also concerned that
if the Democrats win that he could be
impeached and there's this idea that
Democrats have been trying at least
Democratic leadership isn't trying to be
really cautious about the idea that
electing Democrats means that you're
gonna impeach the president but almost
every reporter on Capitol Hill realizes
that if the Democrats take back the
house they're gonna start going after
the president and they're gonna start
saying we need to figure out what's
going on and what's legal so he's in
political jeopardy if he if this robert
muller investigation actually has teeth
to it it actually sticks to him so
what's the best plan david korn for a
guy like you who has been looking at
this russia problem since the inception
since we first learned about it what's
the best outcome i'm not talking about
for Donald Trump or Robert Muller or
Democrats or Republicans but in the
interest of our republic in the interest
of getting to the root of what is wrong
what Russia and others may be doing to
our democracy what is the best outcome
here for a quick end to this
investigation for a longer end to it for
a recommendation of impeachment or for a
report to Congress that describes
everything that happened the American
public needed two things after the
election they needed a full
investigation of what Russia did and any
activity of the Trump campaign or
Associates that was connected to that
and that was the province of the House
Republican Republican led Intelligence
Committee and the Senate Intelligence
Committee the house committee turned
into a circus and felt basically fell
apart the Senate Intelligence Committee
is still investigating but we're not
sure how deep and wide it's going and
then the second thing it needed was a
look at what whether any laws were
broken by Russians by other foreigners
or by Americans and that's the job that
Brava moer has to do
and these things could you know should
have gone on side by side each on their
own timetable and at the end of the day
the public needs a full accounting of a
Russian attack on American democracy and
a full accounting of whether the
president the United States and his
people were involved if they aided and
abetted the attack even if indirectly by
denying again and again that it was
happening and why the heck even now is
is Trump out there defending Putin those
are questions that needed to be answered
and I'm afraid that because of
Republican intransigence I don't mean to
sound partisan we're not getting the
answers we need
and we're gonna see if Robert Miller can
provide some of those on the way to
investigating any criminal actions all
right David
yummy SH thanks to both of you thanks
for checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
