turning now to a special report on
Donald Trump's Education Secretary Betsy
DeVos who is rolling back years of
policy in ways that could affect
millions of students maybe students in
your own household in the past few
months she's scuttled hundreds of civil
rights probes that were underway from
the Obama administration and cut off
programs that were designed to enhance
diversity across American schools she
also dismantled protections for students
at for-profit schools and the votes came
in as one of trumps most controversial
cabinet picks the question the critics
posed was whether she was more focused
on business approaches than the public
interest what we're doing tonight is
looking at how her record is bearing out
consider three years ago she said this
were the beneficiaries of startups
ventures and innovation in every other
area of life but we don't have that in
education because it's a closed system a
closed industry a closed market it's a
monopoly a dead end so what is she doing
about her so-called monopoly dead end
well we're seeing her tenure touch on
virtually just about all the
controversial big-ticket items in Donald
Trump's presidency from civil rights to
guns to of course
immigration consider that de Vos refuses
to say whether migrant kids split from
their own parents would get to go to
school or not and she's stunned many
educators by testifying the teachers
could become part of immigration
enforcement because they could then be
able to call border agents to report on
undocumented families if a principal or
a teacher finds out that a certain child
is undocumented or here his or her
families our members are undocumented
that you feel that that principal a
t-shirt shouldn't is responsible to call
ice and to have that family reporting as
sir I think that's that's a school
decision it's a local community decision
she also struck a very Trumpy tone on
another fairly basic policy point the
issue over whether one admits that guns
are dangerous
inside school you can't say definitively
today that guns shouldn't be in schools
well I will refer back to Senator Enzi
and the school that he was talking about
in Wapiti Wyoming I think probably there
I would imagine that there's probably a
gun in the school to protect from
potential Grizzlies potential Grizzlies
that was back in January but it was more
than a gaffe we want to show you the
facts in policy because she's now
leading a commission on school safety
but says the entire effort will not even
discuss gun violence so you're studying
gun violence but not considering the
role of guns we're actually studying
school safety and how we can ensure our
students are safe and how can you ensure
students are safe in school well look at
what in dangers their safety 59 school
shootings fifty nine deaths ninety-three
injured since Steve oz was confirmed
last year now she also was part of
funneling millions of dollars in
donations to the Republican Party which
put her on the map for the Trump
administration but had zero prior
experience in public education something
which critics say is part of the problem
and has become very obvious in her
public statements so were you unaware
what I just asked you about the I DEA
that it was a federal law I may have
confused it the public schools and
Michigan gotten better I don't know
overall I can't say overall that they
have all gotten better the whole state
is not doing well well there are
certainly lots of pockets where the
students are doing well and those kind
of appearances did open her up to
ridicule all the way over on SNL I don't
I don't know anything about school I do
think there should be a school well I I
think the problem is that the words that
were coming out of my mouth were bad
that is because they came from my brain
I may not be very good on camera but
behind the scenes my ideas are much
worse is it funny or is it true many
critics are saying that record has
become clear and some of those ideas are
actually much worse to vas reversing
Obama policies for sexual assault
protections on campus
dropping bathroom rules that were
designed to protect students who
identify as transgender and then pulling
out pulling out on guidelines that
protect disabled students the DeVos is a
longtime advocate for private schools
often at the expense of public education
that's a big and complex debate but
she's been criticized for sometimes
seeming to downplay the problems that
students do face in underperforming
schools have you seen the really bad
schools maybe try to figure out what
what they're doing I have not I have not
I've not intentionally visited schools
that are underperforming
maybe you should maybe I should yes
Lesley Stahl they're on 60 minutes maybe
you should a fair point to raise with
someone in charge of all the schools I
mean the ones that are perfect they
might need less attention now here at
the beat we reached out to the Education
Department for this report to ask a
follow-up because more time has gone by
has DeVos actually gone out and visited
any of those underperforming schools
since March when she said that well we
found that just two of the schools out
of the 24 she's visited are
characterized as underperforming in fact
the majority of the school visits during
this period were to for and overseas
schools like those in England
Switzerland and the Netherlands now
there are about 75 million students here
in the United States and many different
types of schools worth visiting at least
some maybe half ought to be the
underperforming ones if they're the ones
you want to help the bigger point here
as we see the record is that the thing
said that things flagged those so-called
gaffes they're making their way into
education policy here in the Trump
administration and perhaps that dead end
is something that mr. Voss was seeing in
her own future it's a closed system a
closed industry a closed market
it's a monopoly a dead end hey I'm
already Melvin from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
