Donald Trump addressing the me2 movement
directly for the first time last night
in that speech and using it as a punch
line so in a moment I turn to an
exclusive interview with Rachel Clark
crooks one of the 19 women who's accused
Trump of sexual misconduct but first I
want to show you exactly what happened
this is a story that you can imagine any
president doing would be a very big deal
here is the president United States
mocking alleged victims as a way to take
a political jab at senator Elizabeth
Warren in the middle of the debate when
she proclaims that use of Indian
heritage we will take that little kit
and say but we have to do it gently
because we're in the me two generations
worth to be very gentle and we will
slowly toss it hoping it doesn't hit her
and injure her arm
Warren responding by criticizing Trump
for testing the DNA of migrant kids
taken from their parents and being too
incompetent to reunite the families
Trump's apparent mockery of me too comes
on the same day that he also took an
action many people in the movement feel
is very disturbing giving a top White
House job to bill shine a Fox executive
rousted over accusations that he enabled
or stood by during multiple reports of
sexual misconduct in that office by
Roger Ailes as well as Bill O'Reilly
both of whom were also of course
defended by Trump in an interview with
The New York Times Trump called O'Reilly
a good person Trump said I think he
shouldn't have settled adding I don't
think Bill did anything wrong finally
Roger Ailes is he helping you is he
advising you I can tell you that some of
the women that are complaining I know
how much he's helped them he's a very
good person I've always found him to be
just a very very good person I'm joined
now by Rachel crook so a huge Trump but
forcibly kissing her without her consent
when she was working at Trump Tower in
2005 and she is now running for office
in the Ohio State Legislature Rachel
first your reaction to what the
president said last night
well thank you for having me Ari you
know of course noting that President
Trump says anymore shocks me but I think
it's truly despicable you know that he
would mock them
movement and of course stay many of the
other egregious things that he made
comments about but but yeah nothing
shocks me he of course would make fun of
it he hasn't been held accountable for
his own actions so he would make light
of the me2 movement that makes perfect
sense to me
what is your candidacy say to women who
look out in this environment and see on
the one hand the world changing in some
ways that involve accountability however
delayed but in other ways see this kind
of behavior at the top of the federal
government yeah I mean the the silver
lining to president Trump's tenure has
been that women are uniting and
resisting and we are fed up with this
behavior that is what me too is my
candidacy is built on this idea that
politicians though seem to not be held
accountable and President Trump is the
epitome of that so I will continue to
speak out so that I can be a voice for
women who you know don't feel like their
voices are being heard mm-hmm and I'm
curious before we turn to our wider
panel what kind of reaction do you get
from voters I mean how many people see
this as a positive or important thing
that you're doing and how many I imagine
because any local race can be about
local issues see this as an aside and
are focused on what you're going to do
for Ohio yeah mostly locally everyone is
very focused on what I can do for the
district but of course I think
nationally people are very engaged and
encouraged by my candidacy because you
know it is in direct response in some
ways to the Miche movement and president
Trump being in office and not being held
accountable for his actions and it
continues and the Republicans who are
sort of letting him go and not holding
him accountable I think are complicit in
these actions and I hope in November
that America votes votes them out hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
