President Trump is set to announce his
Supreme Court pick on Monday night the
president who prides himself on building
suspense tease the grand reveal last
night you know there's now a vacancy on
the Supreme Court and if you turn in
Monday at nine o'clock I think you're
going to be extremely happy a source
close to the president tells Politico
that the president wants to maximize
television exposure warning his
associates against any leaks because
quote he wants to be the person who
discloses the pic but that hasn't
stopped the speculation of course
numerous outlets including NBC News have
reported that the three most serious
contenders are federal appeals court
judges Brett Kavanaugh Amy Kony Barrett
and Raymond Catholic most contentious
part of the confirmation hearing is
likely to revolve around the issue of
abortion an issue the court will almost
certainly face in the near future a
number of abortion related cases are
working their way through lower courts
right now and according to NBC News no
nominee has said outright what their
position is but quote their use of coded
language will send a signal on where
they stand experts tell NBC that both
Cavanaugh and Barrett have sent those
signals to conservative activists who
want to overturn roe v wade more I'm
joined by Heidi pres Bell who wrote that
article for NBC News and Erin Blake
senior political writer for The
Washington Post yeah Heidi it's
interesting I mean like the most extreme
example of this in these hearings I
think it was David Souter in 1990
claimed he'd never thought about
abortion in his life and ended getting
on the Supreme Court so they can be
cagey about these things but you're
saying two of these potential picks have
used code language on this that
activists recognize that seems
particularly significant given that
Susan Collins is now saying she's not
automatically a yes for Trump's pickier
who are the two nominees your potential
nominees you're talking about me what is
the code language right so Rho will be
the threshold issue because Susan
Collins has said as such at the same
time as you point out many nominees have
been cagey about it really dating back
to Robert Bork when his nomination was
torpedoed by civil rights and women's
rights groups since then consultants
have trained these nominees not to
answer the question but what we found
was that there is a good way to read
some of this language that actually
lines up with the same language that
activist groups for pro-life
organizations use like the susan b
anthony foundation National Right to
Life Foundation and what I found was
that two out of the three Cavanaugh and
Barrett have used those code words there
are only a handful of them one of them
is referring to Roe as abortion on
demand Steve we already have a number of
restrictions and states on abortion past
20 weeks and so if you're calling our
current laws on abortion abortion on
demand then essentially what you're
referring to is taking away some of
those exceptions for the life of the
mother the second one and that's been
used by both Cavanaugh and Barrett the
second one is when you refer to someone
as a strict constitutionalist that is
almost always I'm told by impartial
constitutional observers a reference to
roe v wade that you're not supportive of
roe v wade because there's nothing
specific in the Constitution in the
fourth amendment on privacy related
specifically to abortion Brett Kavanaugh
has said very specifically that the
Constitution should be read explicitly
that quote unquote the text matters that
is viewed by many in the pro-choice
community as a code word as well it's
are the pro-choice folks saying that
they see no signals either way from
Catholics then the third name we're
talking about here Catholic is
interestingly not on the record on a lot
of these things and we scrubbed the
records he is not given as far as we can
tell a speech for example like Barrett
did on the 40th anniversary of Roe where
she made a number of these references to
abortion on demand and talked about the
fact that the states really have no role
anymore kind of disparaging talking
about that in a disparaging tone we
didn't really see that from Catholics
and I think that's why he's considered
by some members to be the safer choice
he doesn't have the same record as
either Cavanaugh or or Barrett yeah I
mean Aaron and look if Republicans if
McCain is sidelined Republicans are
sitting on 50 votes and Susan Collins's
say in Roe is is fundamental
choice here based on what we hear from
Heidi there is that is that potentially
advantage Catholic well it could
possibly be the case I think Catholic is
the one that would certainly mitigate
the roe v-- wade attacks during the
confirmation hearings at the same time
we are talking about code language here
these nominees are going to be coached
on the ways that they should answer
these questions during the confirmation
hearings we talk about somebody like
Susan Collins saying that she won't vote
for somebody who is hostile to roe v
wade well she has voted for people as
Heidi has reported who have used some of
these code words and have a weighed in
to some degree on roe v wade like john
roberts and like neal Gorsuch so i think
that unless there is a moment in these
confirmation hearings that makes clear
these these nominees are going to vote
against roe v wade if you're Susan
Collins as the Republican senator are
you gonna be the one who's gonna vote
against Republicans getting a
five-to-four majority on the Supreme
Court I think that's a really difficult
vote even if we're talking about a
moderate from Maine and is there any
indication just the politicking that
we're seeing whether it's Democrats that
we certainly saw Democrats at least
early on a couple days ago going after
Barrett different conservative groups
have different favorites here they've
been sort of putting the word out about
who they were is there any indication
that it is swayed the White House to
dissuade the president at all in his
deliberations it's hard to say because I
think that there was at first a little
bit of a conservative backlash against
judge Kavanagh
who has authored some Obamacare
decisions that conservatives have issues
with interesting part of this is Senator
Rand Paul has apparently expressed some
reservations about Kavanagh if he were
to actually follow through and vote
against him that would imperil the the
nomination in a way that would go beyond
just susan collins you know Amy Kony
Barrett is is the favorite of social
conservatives which he's also gotten
some pushback because of her lack of a
record on the bench they say that
there's not enough of a track record to
trust what she would do if she got on
the Supreme Court I think if you're
Raymond Catholics you're looking at
what's happened with these two other
nominees and you're probably liking the
fact that you're the guy who's kind
sitting back and hasn't really seen fit
to irritate anybody through this whole
process maybe he's the guy that the
president will go with knowing that it's
not gonna be the one who's gonna
irritate either portion of his base
either the establishment or the social
conservatives all right well again we're
probably about three days away from
knowing who the nominee will be at MIT
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
