oh and for his part and help here's to
be trying to cut any appearance of ties
to Trump and in a surprise move has also
hired attorney Lanny Davis an ardent
Clinton loyalist and Democratic lobbyist
Davis saying yesterday that quote Cohen
deserves to tell his side of the story
in The New York Times reports that quote
Cohen has told allies that he no longer
wants to be the villain in the narrative
about mr. Trump's behavior CNN is also
reporting that last week Cohen told
others that he did not believe Trump
would wipe his slate clean using the
presidential pardon according to one of
Cohen's friends quote his mindset is if
someone who was operating under the
assumption that he is not getting that
Julie now by Paul Butler a former
federal prosecutor at MSNBC legal
analyst and Ken Vogel is a political
reporter with The New York Times ken let
me start with you I think the name Lanny
Davis to viewers of cable news this is
somebody who's been around for a while
we know Amissah
as a Clinton loyalist also you know a
lobbyist there I know he's come under
some criticism in the past for some of
his activity there talk a little bit
about who Leonie Davis is and what he
could potentially do with somebody like
Michael Cohen yeah Lanny Davis is a real
expert Steve and navigating the
Washington scandal culture and the
Washington sort of media political
culture he's done that effectively
obviously going back to Bill Clinton and
his impeachment scandal but more
recently with other clients and he's
also someone who has shown that he
doesn't necessarily have ideological
rigidity that would keep him from
working from with folks on the other
side or even clients who might not
necessarily fit with what one might
consider a traditional democratic
capital D Democratic Sensibility he's
currently lobbying for a Czech defense
contractor and actually in that capacity
he is invited Steve Manon the former
Trump White House adviser to debate at a
forum sponsored by this Czech defense
contractor and actually interestingly
Steve Benin when he was first in when he
was in the White House and trying to
advise Donald Trump on how to navigate
the then unfolding mulher probe he
actually reached out to land
davus to pick his brain about it so
lanny davis a recognized expert in this
and one who has shown a willingness to
work with people who aren't necessarily
on his partisan team
well yeah it's so Paul I think it's an
interesting question here because the
activity Michael Kohn has been sort of
undertaking here in public recently the
ABC News interviewed changing his social
media profile now this with Lani Davis I
think there's been a question here about
whether this is about a legal strategy
or a public relations public image
strategy do you read look Andy Davis is
somebody who can help him navigate the
court of public opinion or the court of
law more so both so lanny davis is kind
of like rudy giuliani and that he can go
into a full-on attack dog mode he loves
to go on TV and defend his clients so he
could be that TV lawyer for for Michael
Cohen's the way that Giuliani is for the
president but he's also got mad skills
mat legal skills in a way that so far we
haven't seen from Giuliani and so I
think this is part of the clap back this
is the week that Michael Cohen clapped
back on President Trump we see him ghost
the president on social media we hear
him say that his loyalty is to his
family and country and not president
Trump and so he's either really sending
a message to the president you know if
you're gonna pardon me you better do
that fast quick it in a hurry but more
likely he's sending smoke signals to
special counsel Muller I'm ready to talk
if you are give me a ring yeah and again
we mentioned the issue here who Andy
Davis being so close to the Clintons is
higher raising eyebrows to because in
his latest book he argues that the FBI's
actions in 2016 effectively robbed
Hillary Clinton of victory and an
appearance on hardball earlier this year
Davis argued that Rudy Giuliani had
received leaks from the FBI which were
used to pressure James Comey to reopen
the investigation of Clinton's email
something Comey of course did in the
letter to Congress just days before the
election let's watch fact on the 25th of
October 3 days before the Comey letter J
mr. Giuliani went on television said
haha
this is Fox something's coming on
October 28th in the morning before the
letter was written he went on the Hugh
Hewitt show and he said I have heard
from active and former FBI agents
something bad is coming Giuliani and
many of the New York City FBI agents
have been identified as leaking to
pressure James Comey to reopen an
investigation that turned out to be a
nothing burger Ken what do you know
about the state of his relationship
Lanny Davis is with the Clintons right
now with Hillary Clinton it is still
close is this the sort of thing he would
have discussed with them at all he would
have cleared with them at all any sense
of that not necessarily of whether he
would clear his potential right his
representation of Michael Cohen with
them but that argument that he heard
that you heard him making he wrote a
whole book about that argument about
Comey throwing the election for Donald
Trump that's one that he did talk with
the Clintons about and that we know that
the Clintons have told their allies that
they believe in so to the extent that he
is still seen as a Clinton surrogate or
at least a Clinton ally that could be
helpful for Michael Cohen because you
have Michael Cohen trying to shift the
narrative about himself now to distance
himself from Trump and to establish
himself as sort of an independent figure
in this narrative that who could be one
who mu Democrats or Trump opponents
might want to support having Lanny Davis
on board could help facilitate some of
that support at least in the court of
public opinion and see if I could add to
that it's true that in the courtroom
Larry Davis is a higher God he'll work
for who whatever client he thinks
deserves his services rather than
political real he's a big ol
dyed-in-the-wool
Democrat and I don't think he needs this
case guy 72 years old he's doing well I
think this may be part of his political
agenda
he thinks that President Trump stole the
election from Hillary Clinton he and
Hillary are besties at least when it
comes to
politics again I think that he's
interested in how his new client Michael
Cohen can help Muller make the case
against Trump and just to remind
everybody in terms the Russian the steel
dossier and that dossier Michael Cohen
is the star he's the key to collusion
he was the link between the Trump
Organization and the Russians and so if
there's a story to tell about collusion
and Trump Michael Cohen is the person
that tell it all right we will see how
it plays out Paul Butler Ken Vogel
thanks to both of you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
