anyway let me bring up another one what
about NATO here's the president last
night about his favorite member of NATO
these days take a listen and I said I
can't guarantee it but we're protecting
you and it means a lot more to you than
protecting us because I don't know how
much protection we get by protecting you
well later in the show we're gonna get
into a little bit of a history lesson of
World War two might need one but how do
you change his mind on a NATO for
instance I was with somebody today who
said you know the policy of the United
States hasn't changed but they
acknowledged they don't know what he
will do at the meeting yeah I think it
has the same problem that trade has
which is it doesn't make for good
television to talk about NATO so even
though people are gonna try to do as
many interviews as possible next week we
are gonna see pictures from it the time
zones are gonna be a little bit off when
you see those pictures I think he does
not think his base cares what he does
about NATO and so he can do whatever he
wants to do his base has a bit of an
isolationist streak too so they don't
really yes enjoys hearing him say we've
been treated like Schmucks and we're not
going to take it anymore people should
pay more money more money and you know
what he does have a point that other
people should pay more money if you look
at that I was looking at a chart this
morning and Germany is not paying its
fair share other presidents have made
that point they've made it without the
kind the ambassador to NATO kay Bailey
Hutchison dinner conference call
yesterday and she did that subtly too
but she sort of praised some of our
partners in NATO by saying you know a
lot of people like I think she said 16
countries have increased the amount of
money in Germany pending in 80 NATO
including Germany though Germany not
quite to the number that President Trump
wants them to be at they're raw dollars
I mean I'd say but they're robbed don't
forget Germany's economy is larger than
everybody else's so in raw dollars it
could take it's a lot of money yeah yeah
but she is still being careful and it
was very in some ways it was funny to
listen to this conference call and have
number one dismissed this idea of
Germany and taking the troops out and is
that going to come up at NATO and know
exactly what the president United States
has said about it but everyone else
around him who does this is careful but
I'll say this well first of all it
definitely plays with his base I don't
think they understand they've really
importance the impact of NATO so it does
play to the base very well however I
must say that having been in Italy for a
couple of weeks now well but what I'm
seeing in Europe is some leaders
starting to support Trump using Trump
governments so within NATO as well and
other countries as well that may end up
agreeing or understanding or supporting
Trump so you're a business very
interesting situation where it's not a
monolith I mean there are big divisions
in Europe so and I think Trump by doing
this it's also taking advantage of those
divisions yeah I agree in fact I think
you can bully the EU and tariffs I think
you can bully the EU and a lot of things
right now in NATO because of those we've
perceived weaknesses the problem is you
can't bully China hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
