I'd have obsessed with the fact that
President Trump apparently missed the
day they taught World War two in school
last night in Montana less than a week
before the NATO summit the President of
the United States of America treated
Europe like a freeloading parasite not
like the friend of our European allies
have been for more than 70 years since
you know that World War two thing
happened here's the president last night
you heard a little bit earlier on EU
countries doing business with Russia
they want to protect against Russia yet
they paid billions of dollars to Russia
and with the Schmucks in a pen for the
whole thing
schmuck s-- about a quick recap of a day
in school the president may have missed
this is what Berlin looked like at the
end of World War two this is what
Hiroshima looked like by the way this is
what parts of London look like somewhere
between 50 and 80 million people died
and after the war the eastern half of
Europe was trapped behind a communist
Iron Curtain that didn't come down for
more than 40 years NATO and our European
alliances were designed to prevent that
from happening again
ever and you know what for 70 years it
worked
does President Trump understand this the
New York Times reported last July the
defense secretary Jim mattis then
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson invited
mr. Trump and 20 others to a meeting at
the Pentagon there they explained to him
the importance of maintaining the post
war that's world war two by the way when
they say post-war the post-war
international order according to The
Times mattis said the following quote
the greatest gift the greatest
generation left us was the rules based
post-war international order mattis went
on to outline the military side of our
alliance structures and was followed by
Tillerson Treasury secretary Stephen
monition and Gary Cohn Trump's chief
economic adviser mr. Trump listened in
silence for a whole hour when he finally
spoke up the attendee told the author of
this article his first words were this
is exactly what I don't want
please mr. president grab a book on your
shelf about World War two don't be
frightened by the cracking sound it
makes when you open it and acquaintance
reacquaint yourself with what happened
then now much the United States and our
allies have done to preserve ports for
peace by the way grab the cliffnotes of
World War one if you could to they sort
of help get you into the World War two
story we don't feel a lot better if you
did
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right here for you on YouTube subscribe
now
