the thing last night that I thought was
playing with matches next to kerosene
and that was his sort of dismissal of
the me to movement in a very in a way
that made a lot of people uncomfortable
take a listen let's say I'm debating
Pocahontas right I promise you I'll do
this I will take you know those little
kits they sell on television for two
dollars we will take that little kit and
say but we have to do it gently because
we're in the me two generations who have
to be very gentle and we will very
gently take that kit and we will slowly
toss it hoping it doesn't hit her and
injure her arm and we will say I will
give you a million dollars to your
favorite charity paid for by Trump if
you take the test that it shows you're
an idiot
you know I don't want you get drawn into
Elizabeth Warren she she created her own
problem and make that joke without
involving and that's where I'm curious
like is that a bridge too far I think
for a lot of women it is a bridge too
far I think there are limits in suburban
enclaves who did vote for him last time
who remembers the last time they were
sexually harassed the last time they
were sexually assaulted what happened to
them in college and that kind of thing
if if it actually gets out and they're
able to hear it it's something that is
gonna go to the back of their brain does
that mean they're not going to vote for
him again I don't know but it is one
addition very fascinating he said me to
generation and it really resonated with
me because you look at the polling and
you look at the position of Millennials
and especially millennial women on Trump
and the enormous deficit he has with
them why did he choose to do that is it
you know what that could be a tell
that's how his advisers are telling him
he's well it's the Millennials don't
worry about it's the Millennials that
don't like you if somebody handed him
that piece of him he grabbed that nugget
he merged me - and Millennials together
something no
same political advisor maybe I'm
limiting the would have suggested
bringing up me nobody said suggesting a
fax but if you're trying to explain away
your gender gap numbers or explain it
away you say oh they're the meteor
generator I think this is the authentic
Trump I mean he got off the teleprompter
and he starts talking and showing who he
is but he'd say it's a bridge too far
I mean he's boldly going where no man
has gone before I mean every time it's
on no matter the 21st century accused of
assaulting and harassing as many women
as he has in the 20th about sensitivity
remember incitive liberals don't want to
talk about this I'm gonna say that it's
that for that for his race there is
concern with a me-too movement in the
sense that they see that some that it's
a form to advance political correctness
so he's talking to his face clearly
talking to those men in Montana in
Montana the problem is he's not talking
to anybody outside of his coalition and
if you're a Republican running for
election this year that has to have you
a little bit nervous hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
