and yes we are already building the wall
it started in California and San Diego
1.6 billion we're asking for five
billion no no no no no you're not
building the wall President Trump once
again insisting his border walls under
construction a rally in Montana last
night but for facts sake construction on
his wall between the United States and
Mexico has not begun the Omnibus
spending bill passed in late March gave
the president as he did say correctly
one point six billion dollars in funding
primarily going towards new or secondary
fencing along the border the President
himself has insisted time and again that
there is a difference between a fence
and his big beautiful wall so what has
been completed well according to Customs
and Border Protection seven miles of
fencing has been replaced in the past
year that is a far cry from the 700
miles of wall that President Trump
proposes a prototype for the border wall
stand in a remote section of San Diego
these are samples they're prototypes to
make decisions that is the closest thing
to a wall that has been constructed
prototypes and if this is what the
president is referring to well that's a
long way from a final product you can
actually get in and out between those
two things you can walk around each
portion of the wall so the president is
incorrect in saying that his border wall
has been built unfortunately I only have
an hour so I can't fact check everything
the president said hey MSNBC fans thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
