all right the trade Wars first shots are
officially fired at midnight the
president's tariffs on Chinese goods
went into effect and China's retaliatory
tariffs on US goods went into effect
immediately thereafter according to the
Chinese government this is making life
difficult for everyone involved in trade
a cargo ship carrying soybeans from
Washington State overnight sped up on
its route trying to beat the clock as
Chinese tariffs went into effect leading
many to track the ship's progress live
as American goods tried to outrun the
tariff deadline the ship Peak Pegasus
appeared to have lost its race
approaching the Chinese port a port
after 3 p.m. local time when the Chinese
retaliation officially hit a swath of
American imports into that country at
the same time Reuters reports that
officials at the port of Shanghai were
slowing down the clearance process for
US imports as customs officials tried to
determine what tariffs applied to which
products sewing masts delay and
confusion all right now that the long
threatened tariffs are officially in
place let's take a look at the American
commerce that is being affected u.s.
tariffs are now in effect on thirty four
billion dollars worth of Chinese goods
prompting China to respond with its own
tariffs on 34 billion dollars of US
goods it is not over yet however the
president said that tariffs on another
16 billion dollars worth of Chinese
goods will be coming and he's talked
about slapping tariffs on an additional
four hundred and fifty billion dollars
worth of goods coming from China so
let's look at the US goods that have
been hit with the Chinese tariffs I
talked about soybeans just a minute ago
soybeans are being hit with a 25% tariff
causing Chinese soybean buyers to
increase their orders from Brazil which
is another major exporter it's worth
noting that eight of the ten soybean
producing states voted for President
Trump in 2016 also on China's tariff
list electric cars and SUVs something
that could put the squeeze on US
automakers if the European Union adds
American vehicles to its tariff list in
response to president Trump's escalating
trade war with the EU US beef and pork
exporters will face new tariffs many of
them
now being hit with tariffs on their
goods sent to China as well as Mexico
the co-owner of the largest US
family-owned pork producer told CNBC he
doesn't think growing his business in
the US is the right move now if quote we
won't be an exporting country that
company alone has 1,400 employees and
just as farmers are getting adjusting
adjusting to tariffs on their goods
going to China farm machinery is among
the products coming from China that are
being hit with u.s. tariffs meaning
farmers costs are likely to rise on all
sides and then there are also US tariffs
on aircraft and motor vehicle parts
medical devices industrial equipment
these are all going to increase costs
for American industry depending on
supply chains from China
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
