some people might call it draining the
swamp maybe the better question is how
toxic is the EPA about to become with
embattled Administrator Scott Pruett now
out the president announced the news and
named Andrew wheeler as the acting head
of the agency Trump's still praised
Pruitt despite 15 ongoing investigations
involving the former EPA chief and
Pruitt's official resignation letter he
noted it was an honor to serve under
President Trump actually it was such an
honor he mentioned that phrase eight
times throughout the letter and signed
off with your faithful friend Scott
Pruett joining me now to discuss Eric
Lipton an investigative reporter for The
New York Times Don Reeves is senior
correspondent for inside EPA so Eric
you've got some new reporting in an
article it came out I think Breck just
minutes before the announcement that
Scott Pruett was was gone you say quote
last summer one of his senior schedulers
Madeleine Jean Morris was fired by mr.
Pruitt's former deputy chief of staff
Kevin Jim loose key who said he let her
go because she was questioning the
practice of retro actively deleting
messages from the calendar lay out some
of the other message other details of
your reporting and and anything you
might know about why after all of these
investigations he's gone now sure I mean
what was happening there apparently
according to Kevin chmielewskij and
another aide who is a scheduler who had
worked on the hill and for Koch
Industries and became an aide to Pruitt
that they were making modifications in
his schedule to remove things that
Pruitt did not want to become public and
that might be embarrassing to him
modifying a federal record after
something has been put on paper or in a
computer system is both the civil and
potentially a criminal offense and I
think that that reflects part of the
reason that Scott Pruett is now departed
the building are departing today is that
we shifted from just you know questions
about his elaborate spending and
security first-class flights to things
that were potentially real ethics
violations and potentially even a
criminal violations and so it was
getting more serious and I think at the
White House the chief of staff Kelley
was it was completely fed up with this
they were you know how many stories a
day or we're gonna get that are
embarrassing us and also we had the
midterms coming up
and Pruitt was a liability and they just
they didn't want him just to to cause
the party to get hurt
Don the obvious follow-up to that is
does Pruitt go out into the world with a
clean slate now all of this just goes
away or are there still potential
liabilities for him well I think there
are some potential liabilities for the
investigations that have found or will
find anything criminally wrongdoing
there was Congress had determined that
some of the money that he spent securing
his office was in violation of he needed
to go and ask Congress for permission to
do that and and he did not do so so
whether those things continue or not
after he leaves I think remains to be
seen I think he'll go back to Oklahoma
and frankly some of this might help him
there in his further career or whatever
that whatever he decides that might be
let me ask you a little bit about Andrew
wheeler dawn because obviously
environmental activists cheered they've
been wanting Pruitt gone wild citizens
before he was even confirmed and and we
heard a lot from progressive members of
Congress so happy he's gone but is this
exit actually gonna change anything
policy wise in the EPA well maybe a few
things policy wise Andy wheeler will
continue with the deregulatory agenda
for sure he's probably going to be a bit
more methodical than Scott Pruett was so
they may not move as fast under wheeler
and there's a few things that Andy Bay
back off from Pruett was gunning to have
a fight with California over some of the
vehicle rules and I'm not quite sure
that that's something that that wheelers
going to one want to undertake so you
will see some differences and meantime
in his resignation letter Eric Scott
Pruett complained about the unrelenting
and unprecedented tax attacks against
him and his family I just want to remind
people of the moment that Pruett was
actually confronted about
president Trump draining the swamp
President Trump said he would drain the
swamp I don't it's draining the swamp
renting an apartment from the wife of a
Washington lobbyist I don't think that
that's even remotely fair to ask that
question
he didn't think any of this was fair
you've been covering Pruitt Eric for
years you tweeted your first report I
think on that Oklahoma Attorney General
from 2014 and you say that the common
themes from the 2014 report never went
away explained well what we saw what I
saw in 2014 when he was Attorney General
was that he was already working
extremely closely with the oil and gas
industry to try to help move its agenda
and he was suing repeatedly the Obama
administration to try to block rules
that the oil and gas industry and coal
industry did not want and so then you
know and he was doing that at times by
that is he was same time as he was
taking large amounts of money through a
Republican Attorney General's group and
and and taking documents from them and
then sending them in his own name to
Washington he comes to Washington he
spends most of his time meeting when
he's outside of the office with oil gas
coal and agriculture industry executives
and and it seems as if this alliance
between them between him and the
industry really continued and and for
him to suggests that this was the media
going after him I mean we we would
rather focus on writing about
environmental policy but we were kept we
kept being distracted by things he was
doing that were that even his own allies
and people that he hired said was
unethical and we were compelled to spend
our time writing those stories it was
not out of any personal desire to to
hurt him or his family or to embarrass
him it was his own actions that that
resulted in his departure it's actually
what journalists do and I suppose maybe
he thinks Laura Ingraham is one of the
people who was so unfair to him because
she had turned against him I want to
show you both you probably saw it the
New York Post they reappear survivor
white house cover with a season two
update showing Pruitt axed from the
administration obviously they're making
a joke but Pruitt wasn't the only one
under scrutiny Erick for spending or
travel you've got Ryan
stinky Steve minuchin ben Carson Wilbur
Ross with all the ethics questions that
they have raised do you think that this
is a one-off or does this signal
anything for them I mean the Pruitt was
just such a different league with the
frequency happiest and ever yes yeah and
so I mean you know with minuchin we had
a you know a blips and Zinke we've had
some blips there's more to report on
both of them um sure and and and perhaps
there will be resources that can shift
to some of the other agencies and you
know to just focus on good bad and
different things that they're doing but
I think you know the the extent of
ethics wrongdoing the only house
oversight investigation going on
actively of a sitting member of trumps
cabinet was the EPA and and he was you
know there was an open investigation as
top staffers were being called in one at
a time why is that it wasn't made up hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
