Business Insider senior editor Josh
barro Mike Pesce is the host of the
slates daily podcast the gist I don't
know maybe it's 20/20 he's already sort
of getting his arguments together for
people like Elizabeth Warren oh yeah
fine marshaling of the arguments look
let's say you were a Montana and the
stated purpose there is to convince you
not to vote for Jon Tester what
arguments we didn't play the whole
speech but I read it what arguments did
he possibly put forth for you to say
my senator who spends 12 hours a day
harvesting his feed because he's an
actual farmer in Big Sandy we just spent
a lot of money advertising his love in
newspapers for Donald Trump yeah yeah so
hello Donald's from mr. Montana he's
playing politics more but what did he
say to connect to the lives of Montanans
not the people who are there for that
hilarious roast comedy of the President
of the United States but What did he say
to convince you Jon Tester is not
helping your life and my policies are
and I would say nothing I would say Jon
Tester will probably win reelection and
what did that all amount to it just
amounted to what Donald Trump always
does which is trying to dominate the
ether but going nowhere well I mean he
he loves to go after President Obama and
Hillary Clinton he did that last night
Joe Biden Bernie Sanders but let me add
he also again mocked George HW Bush
somebody who just lost his wife who has
had health difficulties but in and out
of the hospital about his thousand
points of light
he went after again a Republican senator
named John McCain of genuine war hero
who is fighting brain cancer and any
jokes Josh about the me2 movement a man
who is on tape talking about sexually
assaulting women mm-hmm well I mean I
think that the when the president sort
of relives the greatest hits the 2016
campaign and part of this was in the
campaign he defend people over and over
and people would say oh well well this
is the end this is the thing that he did
that people can't possibly stand and you
know he lost the popular vote nationally
but he won a very solid victory in
Montana and some of these other you know
in interior states the Great Plains in
Upper Midwest these are regions of the
country where Donald Trump can go and
say people love my shtick this worked
here in 2016 it can work here again in
2018 and in terms of his pitch about you
know why not vote for John tester I
think the president looks at it and says
I'm really popular in Montana I want a
really big victory here at Montana and
all I need to do is make the case that
you know you love me
vote for this guy because he's vote vote
for testers opponent because he's with
me he'll support my agenda and I don't
think that's a crazy notion in a state
that he won by his larger margin as
Montana now I think tester probably will
still win the Senate race because he has
very well attuned himself to the
politics of his state but I don't think
Trump needs to go in and seem like a
local he doesn't you know it's not that
he relates to the people of Montana
because they think he's liked them
it that they think that he shares
certain interests and values and
concerns and and grievances that that
they have and I think you saw that in
the 2016 results and he also keeps
teasing about what he's going to do with
the Supreme Court pick right and he gave
us a few more little clues about what
he's going to do to replace Justice
Kennedy listen to this as you know
there's now a vacancy on the Supreme
Court and if you turn in Monday at nine
o'clock I think you're going to be
extremely happy
they're all great now let's say on the
substance of this incredibly important
moment NBC News has learned that these
are the three he's narrowed his list to
Brett Kavanaugh Amy Kony Barrett Raymond
Catholic and yet Josh you talked about
him you know you love my shtick this is
again gonna be a rout reality TV
announcement 9 o'clock at night
and he's building it up like it's a
reality TV it's gonna be a reality TV
style announcement but these are three
pics that you would have seen on a short
list likely for any Republican president
all three of these are federal appellate
judges they have solid conservative
records although Amy Barrett has been on
the bench for less than a year so her
record is not as long as the other two
my sense from what I'm reading is that
Cavanaugh is the most likely of these
three names part of my judgment there is
that you're sort of seeing an anti
Cavanaugh whisper campaign that sounds
like it's coming from people who are
trying to stop a train that is in motion
it's a it's a pick that is conventional
that will likely please conservatives
and I think that you you would likely
see him as a solid conservative vote on
the court where he confirmed which he
probably will be if he is named we have
just enough time to get in one more
thing here and I think it's important
given what's gonna be coming up in terms
of meetings to hear what he had to say
about Vladimir Putin well president
Trump be prepared you know President
Putin is KGB and this said that you know
what
Putin's fine he's fine we're all fine
with people will I be prepared totally
prepared I've been prepared for this
stuff my whole life Mike there's so much
to unpack there but let me do the
obvious which is what message does it
send to nervous NATO allies who are
going to be meeting with him ahead of
the meeting with Vladimir Putin when he
says I've been preparing for this my
whole life it's gonna be fine well it
must be very discomforting especially
those nations that are on the border
with Russia especially you think some of
the Baltics are a little nervous a
little bit because they really have skin
in the game and it's not just a rally in
North Dakota for them and if I could go
back to the Supreme Court let's realize
all of those candidates can't be on the
court for 40 years they're all young in
their 40s or 50s and that's
really significant thing well it's not
like he didn't say that's what he wanted
to do right he said exactly why and
that's the work and that's what he is
delivering for his people
nothing nothing he said should influence
in Montana because weather testers there
or not those picks will get voted in but
that is the tangible thing he's
delivering so we also have another piece
of news that kind of got buried
yesterday because we had a little bit of
news with Scott true and we're gonna
talk about that coming up but bill shine
is the new communications director Josh
someone who got fired from Fox for his
role in the alleged sexual harassment
being part of the cover-up is the
allegation something he's denied but Fox
got rid of him what's the message here
yeah well I mean I think one thing is
that things that would normally be
disqualifying personnel-wise are not
disqualifying the white house we saw the
president making that joke about the me2
movement you saw how long staff
secretary rob porter stayed in place not
only given those credible allegations of
abuse toward his ex-spouses but the fact
that that was interfering with his
ability to get a permanent security
clearance so I don't think the president
cares about what other people might have
cared about and then the other thing is
you know the the White House is very
leaky and the president has been very
frustrated about all the leaks and Fox
News is an organization with reputation
for managing leaks and and dissent and
and you know expressions of displeasure
internally to the media managing that
with an iron fist so that's something
that he might find very appealing about
bill shine there were a lot of stories
that at Fox News that were necessary to
try to prevent leaks about the president
would probably like to see that in his
White House Mike do you think he had
anything to do with with Pruit finally
resigning the hiring of shine yeah I
think Sean is very good at what he does
actually and he propelled a lot of shows
to number one in the ratings and I think
Trump probably respect shine and even
with shines baggage it seems like he's a
lot more competent than the other people
who have held that perhaps not titular
position but had actually done that job
he seems like two or three scare Moochie
stand with hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
