President Trump held a campaign rally in
Montana last night I mean is that what
you call it giving a speech riddled with
falsehoods lies once again lying to the
crowd that he won states that even
Ronald Reagan could not take a listen
Reagan has his big win he won every
state except one the great state of
Wisconsin I wonder was concen first time
first time since Dwight Eisenhower in
1952 okay Willie Willie what do we have
to do like we keep getting this is
idiocracy like Trump is watering the
lawn with Gatorade now outside the White
House he did not that's just wrong and
said with such authority by the way
repeated he's said before he wants it to
be true so he says it over and over and
he knows he's lying because he's heard
time and time again here and your
brother did not win Wisconsin and there
he's lying to that ground they're
cheering for that's the thing that and
by the way it reminds me of the time
then I pushed Neil Armstrong out of the
way and I said don't worry I got this
where's that flag and they all cheer
well the first time the first time you
said it you could say ignorance of
history it's a basic history that
everyone who follows the basic politics
knows yeah but when he's been corrected
about it and he watches TV he knows it's
wrong and says it again now we're
talking about something different than
ignorance all right that was why so much
it shows that you're covering for
something so no it shows that he thinks
that if he lies enough he can numb
everybody so they'll stop doing
outsiders is huge when it's not
Republican presidential candidates have
won Wisconsin seven times the elections
after 1952 including Reagan who wanted
by nine points in 1984 that year Ronald
Reagan won 19 states that Trump did not
ouch captured nearly 59 percent of the
votes 46% and Reagan won by nearly 17
million popular vote there is a
difference right
los Reagan got more votes than his
Democratic opponent by almost 17 million
Donald Trump get almost 3 million votes
negative oh yeah
you really should do a little more
homework and prep I think when he's
doing these speeches because and
seriously it the fact that he doesn't
care is just so insulting that he
doesn't care that he's lying and he
knows he's lying and he it doesn't
bother him that he is out there speaking
to the American public giving these
falsehoods now this is a small example
but it's really representative of the
president we have in the White House
Jonathan Lemire though people in the
audience they're cheering for his lies
and so many times they know he is lying
like what is this is it like is it like
a rock concert or is that like an act
where he's just delivering lines and
they just like the lines that are being
delivered even though they know he is
lying to them yeah I think there are a
couple things going on at once first of
all Donald Trump since his real estate
days has sort of a certain a reality
which of course that's not true hold on
they are shooting it tighter and this is
a smaller crack do we have numbers on
this crowd looks like they had to
squeeze the room smaller what he does is
he puts curtains around everybody and he
squeezes them in and pulls them closer
we do unless people show up what did he
he'll write we don't know how many but
we'll get a number on this so a Trump I
mean even from his real-estate days the
way he would talk to the gossip pages
here in New York he would just assert
something is true even though it wasn't
and just like go with that as his
reality and that is something he has
done throughout and he certainly carried
it over into politics in terms of the
crowd believing those things I think
some of them yes it's a rock concert
he says align people around them to hear
they cheer too but I also think Trump
has the ability to sow seeds of doubt
people think like well if he says it it
must be true and if the idea says it the
media is probably lying to me they're
biased I'm gonna go with him instead no
I think this where they get serious they
can look in history books this is really
this is this is we used to mock the
Soviets for for rewriting history they
would just scrub out facts they didn't
like out of history that's why they had
problem maybe this is why Donald Trump
loves
pootin so much and loves Russia so much
because they really they they could just
willy scrub facts inconvenient facts out
of history and just keep shoving it down
people's throats until they started to
believe it yeah I mean he he tells the
same lie again and again again it's so
easy to disprove especially in this case
one of the most famous elections in
American history winning 49 states
Mondale winning only the state where he
was senator but to me the worst part of
last night and I know we'll get into in
a minute is him going after John McCain
who's dying of cancer again and going
after George HW Bush who just lost his
one just lost his wife and a suffering
from Parkinson's disease and is a great
American Wellman and two former
residents yeah alright so last night
president from took aim at some other
Republicans including his routine jab at
the ailing John McCain for voting
against Obamacare repeal and criticizing
former George HW Bush's thousand points
of light rhetoric about service through
volunteering because we are finally
putting America first you know all the
rhetoric you see in a thousand points of
light what the hell was that by the way
thousand points of light what did that
mean does anyone know I know one thing
make America great again we understand
putting America first we understood
thousand points of life I never quite
got that one it started okay what the
hell is that
has anyone ever figured that one out
Republican wasn't yeah it's about
service and giving back to the country
Jon Meacham who wrote the biography of
George HW Bush tweeted this well mr.
president since you asked it was an
image of a nation illuminated by our
better angels offered by a man who gave
his life to the service of that nation
talking about President George HW Bush
well again mocking John McCain who's
fighting for his very life right now and
Susan a thousand points of light it was
said by a man who dedicated his entire
life to actually fulfilling what he
believed his responsibility it was to
help other people and his responsibility
he was I mean he he served in war
he served his country he never stopped
serving his country in many ways after
he was president and for the President
Trump to dare go after him especially at
94 years old
it really just turns my stomach this is
someone it's it's painful to watch this
is the President of the United States
going after people for a punch line
that's disgraceful we should expect more
and just to add on that he also attacked
the press exactly one week after five
people lost their lives initially shot
were shot dead in the newsroom now it's
a you know mica we can talk about Donald
Trump we have but again at what point is
there decency in the crowd where people
stop cheering when he mocks a man who
has brain cancer and who is again
fighting for his life well losing
struggle for his life or George HW Bush
a man who fought in World War two was
shut down by the Japanese served America
overseas as ambassador to China opening
up that relationship served as
ambassador to the United Nations was a
congressman it was a vice president
Ronald Reagan's vice president was the
man that helped win the Cold War along
with Reagan was a man who got the
message that the the Berlin Wall was
falling and figured out how to keep this
world at peace was the man who was
president when the Soviet Union
collapsed on Christmas Day in 1991 and
he did nothing but serve his country
tirelessly again I'm not shocked by
Donald Trump doing this Donald Trump
doesn't on that understand this because
he is the most selfish man who has ever
sat in the White House in his life
personally politically professionally
you name it there's overwhelming
evidence to prove that this is about the
Republicans exactly that are sitting in
the crowds that voted for George HW Bush
in 1998 and 1992
and voted for John McCain in 2008 you
are now sitting there laughing at two
men in their final days what does that
say about their character at 6,500
people well they must have found the
6500 meanest people well there are a lot
of people who want to go see the
president knighted States and feel you
know special to hear from the president
but guys right here and cheer at him
mocking a guy let's talk about John
McCain right now a guy who was captured
was a prisoner while Donald Trump was
playing ping-pong and Ivy League socials
John McCain was getting the hell beaten
out of him so much so that he can't lift
his arms above his head they thought he
was is dead they gave him an opportunity
to leave he refused to do so until all
of his band of brothers could leave with
him John McCain had a chance to come
home
he said no I'm not leaving until my band
of brothers leave with me and that's who
Donald Trump the draft dodger it's cruel
and it's sick and it's everything that
we're feeling here but I think it's also
worth noting that there are people whose
life experience and service to our
country
who are saying that this is something
worse look at Madeleine Albright's book
fascism a warning and then look at what
happened last night at this rally
this is 6,500 people cheering on lies
they are being desensitized as they
laugh at those who served our country
who are dying right now
and he's bringing them along and you
could argue this is something much more
serious that is happening without being
hysterical about it but we have to look
at it straight in the eye
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
