but we start tonight with Richard Nixon
who needed two tries before he got
elected president the first time he ran
was in 1960 and it's generally held that
Nixon lost that race in large part
because of television that Nixon
compared unfavorably to viewers at home
as he shared the stage with the
charismatic and certainly more telegenic
and decidedly less sweaty John F Kennedy
many years later Nixon would say that
the experience did not make him bitter
about television but rather it taught
him a valuable lesson about the
importance of it in fact looking back he
wished he'd done a lot more televised
press conferences during his time in the
White House it is very important for a
president or a cabinet officer or a
congressman or senator to be held
accountable to be kept on his toes and
the media the day does that the the
media is in an adversarial position with
regard to public officials and that is
healthy in its way and speaking of the
media too we have to realize that and I
think this is frankly not a helpful
development and that is that television
plays too much of a role today now
having said that however it means that
when we select our candidates we've got
to remember that they must learn to use
television if they are unable to
communicate on television a president
for example isn't going to be able to
get support for his programs of course
during the the so called Watergate
period it was very difficult to have a
press conference but I had I survived I
would have had far more press
conferences I would have had them on
television whenever possible because I'd
rather have my views go directly to the
people were though they can hear me
saying rather than having it filtered
through anchorman or frankly writing
press who give their views as to what I
said now by the by that time Nixon was
in his late 70s and still longing to
have his views go directly to the people
but his desire to avoid the filter of
anchormen had been drafted into an
actual real life plan during his time in
the White House in 2011 before it was
sued out of existence thanks to a
campaign bankrolled by
Trump Ally Peter Thiel the white the
website Gawker on earth what it
described as Roger Ailes secret Nixon
era blueprint for Fox News Roger Ailes
was of course the longtime head of Fox
News until his death last year long
before launching that cable network
Ailes worked in the Nixon White House as
a media adviser to the president and
buried deep within the Nixon
Presidential Library Gawker uncovered a
document that envisions a way for
Republicans not just to better navigate
TV but to make TV themselves the 15 page
memo is unsigned and undated it was
called a plan for putting the GOP on TV
news and this is how it started
quote today television news is watched
more often than people read newspapers
then people listen to the radio
then people read or gather any form of
information or communication the reason
people are lazy with television you just
sit watch listen the thinking is done
for you and what I want to say this is a
plan that places news of importance to
localities Senators and Representatives
are news makers of importance to their
localities on local television news
programs while it's is still news it
avoids the censorship the priorities and
the prejudices of network news selectors
and disseminators the idea was to
provide Pro administration videotape
hard news actualities to the major
cities of the United States and despite
a detailed plan full of copious notes in
roger ailes handwriting the plan would
never come to fruition but Roger Ailes
would go on from the Nixon White House
to create a true media empire now fully
formed in the age of Trump finish it the
hell up
that's right Bob Muller Weissman Oh
Jeanne ray are you guys watching what
you've done to the country what you
doing to the country Muller has come up
with goose eggs I would fire the SOB in
three seconds James Comey is a dirty cop
there's a name for this it's called
McCarthyism and it's scarier than
anything from has ever done with Russia
let's look at the Muller crime family
it's time to end
the Muller Comey Rosenstein cabal for
once and for all the Attorney General is
incompetent
the FBI is corrupt and Robert Muller and
rod Rosenstein are unethical and abusive
of the legal process all of them deserve
to be fired the relationship between Fox
News and this White House goes well
beyond friendly coverage primetime
personality Sean Hannity has been dubbed
Trump's shadow chief of staff it's the
only television network the president
routinely grants interviews to in the
network that Ailes built has become a
kind of pipeline for White House hires
most notably John Bolton who appeared on
Fox moments after being unveiled as
Trump's third national security adviser
here now former US ambassador to the
United Nations John Bolton former Fox
News contributor good to have you here
this evening sir your reaction to your
new job well I think I still AM a fox
news contributor this administration and
Fox News are something of a revolving
door with people cycling in and out of
both and while we've seen Fox news
personalities go from cabled Green Room
to the White House podium today the
president is blurring the line even more
essentially merging the two operations
with the official announcement that he
has hired former Fox News executive bill
shine to run communications at the White
House as his deputy chief of staff for
communications the former Fox executive
resigned from the network last year amid
accusations that he enabled a culture of
sexual harassment at the network a
number of women at the network alleged
some of them in court documents that he
was aware of deeply inappropriate
behavior against them and deflected
ignored or sought to suppress their
concerns rather than take actions to
address them constructively bill Cheyne
denied those allegations now shine a
close ally a personal friend of Sean
Hannity will be getting a new job inside
the White House backed by his years of
experience at Fox News shine would
become Trump's fourth White House
communications director a post first
created by one Richard Milhous Nixon and
joining us now is Gabriel Sherman a
special correspondent with Vanity Fair
and author of the loudest voice in the
room
brilliant bombastic roger ailes built
foxnews and divided a country gay brood
see it good to see you okay so let's
talk about first the importance of
significance in your view of bill shine
yeah going from fox news to the white
house well it raises so many fascinating
things you know really shows the
symbiosis that exists between this white
house and fox news and the fact that you
basically as you pointed out it is a
pipeline a recruitment Organization for
this white house you know I think one
thing people need to know about bill
shine is that he was shaped and molded
by Roger Ailes really from the beginning
he started in local news and he
basically spent his career being shaped
and tutored by Roger Ailes so he is
going to bring all of that thinking
about how to set a narrative and push
right wing talking points from the
morning through the day to the night
time to the White House and so Fox News
already has a perfect symbiosis in terms
of its messaging with you know the Trump
administration what difference will it
make to have a former executive there
inside the building inside the West Wing
well I think what Trump is trying to do
from my reporting it indicates that he's
trying to bring some discipline which is
ironic is the most undisciplined person
in this White House is the President
himself but he's trying to instill some
discipline in his communication shop
they sort of stick to set talking points
and push them out to the press
throughout the day there hasn't been a
cohesive message partly because the
President himself will just tweet things
that goes against exactly what the White
House is trying to do but I think what
is so so striking about this hire is
that it shows again the disregard that
Trump has for any sign of kind of norms
and standards bill shine was credibly
accused of knowing about Roger Ailes is
flagrant sexual harassment and he was
involved in some of the darkest most
troubling aspects of Ailes his tenure
including Ailes is basically entrapment
of a former Fox executive named Laurie
loon who Ailes had a many year abusive
and sexual relationship with and Bill
Cheyne was in charge of basically
keeping her under wraps and preventing
her from going public he was as my
reporting indicators was told to read
her emails cover up her communications
he in fact also found a psychiatrist to
send her to when she had had a nervous
breakdown because Roger Ailes was
worried about her going public
with his allegations and so this is
striking that an executive who helped
cover up some of Elsa's most dark and
devious behavior is now one of the
highest-ranking members of the federal
government yeah and not only that but
the President of the United States
himself yeah multiple accusers accusing
with sexual harassment is embroiled in
at least one lawsuit or two you know so
is there any angst or anxiety in the
president's inner circle about bringing
somebody who's so associated with issues
of sexual harassment at Fox into a White
House where the president had similar
issues yeah the people close to the
White House I talked to her worried that
this is going to just embolden and
encourage the president's worst
instincts you know at Fox News bill
shines role was to basically be Roger
Ailes as enabler he was not someone who
pushed back he was the quintessential
yes-man and that is what we've seen
Donald Trump likes he surrounds himself
with people who will basically just
indulge his instincts and that's what
shine people are worried that he's not
going to be served any kind of check on
this president he's going to actually be
an accelerant on pushing his most
divisive messages out there and I wonder
you know Jonathan already has a base
that is rock-solid they're not leading
no matter what he's already
communicating to them through Fox News
every day yep what what more do they
think they can get out of this they're
not trying to expand his electorate
obviously this has to do with the real
like what is the point well the point
here is that they're basically they've
written off basically the middle and the
rest of the country they are going to
try to mobilize their most hardcore
supporters and people who generally had
not tended to vote in presidential and
midterm elections you know bill shine
was Sean Hannity's producer Sean Hannity
as I've reported wanted bill shine to be
the chief of staff of this White House
this is basically the sean hannity
presidency and you're going to try to
get the very angry far-right
anti-immigrant nationalist voters out
there and donald trump is making the
political calculus that there are enough
of those people to basically overcome
the vast majority of americans and the
demographics are working against them to
me it's a numbers game and we'll see if
he bets right yeah indeed well it'll be
interesting to watch Gabriel Sherman
thank you very much like a special
correspondent paper sermon that is
thanks for you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
