for more on scott Pruitt's long list of
ethical scandals i'm joined by dan
cannon he's former White House liaison
to the EPA under President Obama and
Kristin mink who you may recognize as
the mother and teacher who confronted
Pruitt earlier this week at a DC
restaurant asking him to resign and
Kristin I'll start with you it work it
worked that's very generous that's very
generous Chris I think that I was one of
a barrage of nails in this in this in
this coffin that Scott Pruett really
built himself obviously so much of this
credit goes to you know investigative
journalists like I think it was at
Caitlin Collins who broke the sessions
scandal story you know activist groups
environmental groups like the Working
Families Party so there are so many
people who have been really really
working on getting scott pruett
out of this position and I'm glad that I
could add to that snowball effect here
and his in his final days dan let's talk
about what what will the crossroads the
EPA here because you heard Juliet and
and the the agenda there really is quite
retrograde aggressively so it was what
kept him there what do you what do you
your perception where the EPA is right
now on this day well you know the
multitude of scandals that we've talked
about and the absurdity of them drove
headlines and I think created this
mounting pressure that eventually was
too much for Scott Pruett to bear but
what Kristen make actually alluded to
and her challenging of mr. Pruett in
that moment was not about the scandals
on the the money and the and the
absurdity of lotions but it was about
the fundamental need to protect human
health in the environment and let that
let's go let's go back to the original
scandal for Scott Pruett it wasn't about
the absurd stuff it was about the fact
that as an Oklahoma Attorney General he
was penning legislation and letters to
the federal government written by the
the coal lobby in the oil lobby and now
we have an energy lobbyists running the
agency for at least the next 210 days
which you can do under the federal
vacancies Act without a confirmation so
in many ways the original scandal that
should have been enough in any other
normals of climate to tank Scott Pruett
is now front and center even more so
with Andy wheeler Kristin your you
strike me as someone who's a pretty avid
news consumer at least based on the
litany you were able to recite
scott pruett I'm just curious what you
think how front of mine is something
like the EPA to you oh this is
fundamental I mean there's a lot of
issues that are really hugely important
right now you know I mean there are
parents being separated from their
children and as a mother you know it's
hard to think it you know nothing is
more urgent than that at the same time
the environment is a nonpartisan issue
this literally has to do with the future
of you know humanity and the future of
the earth and having a safe place for
our kids to grow up and for them to have
families and so on so this is a huge
issue a huge issue for me yeah it's the
dam that that strikes me as it'll be
interesting to see the degree to which
the Prewitt the the lotion and the
insanity of this guy who by the way was
yeah it was really see really amusing
the public trust in a way I think that
required his removal so I don't wanna I
want to be very clear about that that
the agenda that he has been pursuing
that Miller presumably were presumed
doesn't strike me as a particularly
popular agenda if if if sort of given
the publicity it deserves I think that's
right and I think that there's two
things that are important here
politically one is that it shows the
activism of the progressive part of our
country even without having Democrats
controlling any of the branches of
government can still be effective in
taking out a truly morally bankrupt
individual even in this moment and
that's mobilizing and enabling and
that's an important thing for us and I
think you're right I think now the
question is about core values clean air
clean water in every poll we tested when
when I worked in the guinea Bhama
campaign
polling I saw at APA it's always one of
the highest polling laws in the country
both the Clean Air Act and the Clean
Water Act people understand the basic
need for that and Andy wheelers now
gonna represent policies that
fundamentally run counter to what the
American people want just as a kind of
sort of end to all this if you were to
sort of write the epitaph for the for
the the Prewitt era when you saw these
stories as someone who used to be
liaison with the APA I mean were you
just as astounded as the rest of us were
watching this from the outside yeah I
really was I mean I think there's this
great line from Shawshank Redemption
that geology is a study of pressure and
time and if scott pruett ever consulted
a scientist he would have known he was
in big trouble with all the pressure
but he was dealing with but we know he
didn't but to your point Chris I was
completely astounded I was one who
thought Scott Pruett would be from our
perspective at least as an
environmentalist a competent villain in
destroying the EPA and that was really
worrisome
it was buffoonery that I really did not
expect from that guy someone who had
been a fairly significant political
player in Oklahoma
Andy wheeler strikes me as more
dangerous because he has kept a low
profile he's in Washington insider he
knows how to play this game and he
probably has been behind as much of the
work at EPA even in an acting capacity
as Scott Pruett was so in many ways it's
a victory for folks to get Scott Pruett
who really is morally reprehensible out
of the government but don't rest our
laurels here we need to go after Andy
wheeler just as hard on the rest of the
administration's policies Kristin you're
not in your head yeah I mean you you
know we got this guy out and he's being
replaced by somebody who's possibly
worse so on the one hand I think a big
takeaway is that our voices matter that
everybody can be part of the critical
mass everybody can be part of making
change even when we don't have as as
much representation or hardly any
representation and government that's
that's effective right now at the same
time when we look at who Scott Pruitt's
being replaced with it's somebody who
has the exact same goals and is
potentially going to be better at
accomplishing them and we're not we're
you know potentially not gonna be able
to get him out on corruption charges he
might not make that as easy for us as
Scott Pruett did so I think what it all
comes down to is that the midterms are
really going to matter everybody needs
to get to the polls this November
because we're not going to get somebody
who's going to protect our air protect
our water make the environment safe for
our kids if we don't have a flipped
Congress we need to go Democrat in
Congress this November 2018 well what I
will say here kristin is that unlike
almost every other scandal that's
happened in this administration this was
the rare woman where congressional
Republicans did exert some oversight
there was a little bit
he ran afoul of them and we saw how that
played out I mean a big part of the sort
of pulling the threads was the fact that
there was some little bit a smattering
of congressional oversight dan give them
we can't give them credit for that they
put him in office you
but him somebody who had sued the EPA
for their efforts efforts to regulate
the environment you know this Congress
approved putting him in charge of the
EPA you have to know that he's going to
be dismantling it from the inside you
have to know that this man whose title
literally has environmental protection
in it is not going to be doing the job
they put somebody in the position who
they knew was not going to do the job
Chris I agree with Kristin you can't
give them credit but last time we talked
about this very issue a few weeks back
you know we had talked about the oh the
OIG the investigator general in the
agency that report is coming out
I suspect that had something to do with
the timing of all this I but there's
probably more that we don't know yet at
this point so there is some hope that
the federal oversight checks can work as
long as there's significant public
pressure people like Kristin who bring
that to bear every single day yeah we
should say OIG now today they will
continue with those investigations dan
cannon and Kristin mink who I don't know
who represents you in Congress or your
State House but if you ever run against
them they should be they should be
worried thank you that's very kind of
you thanks Chris hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
