can you are you eligible to run if you
are a man baby or a baby man I see I
don't know what that plug John Steuart
tweaking Donald Trump as a man baby in
2016 and after Trump's many attacks on
the city of London British activists now
punching back with a campaign to fly
this giant blimp of Donald Trump
depicted as a baby over the city during
Trump's visit next week and tonight we
can report a British official confirms
this baby Trump blimp is cleared to fly
during Trump's visit as a form of
peaceful protest the blimp portrays
Trump as a giant diaper clad baby
clutching an iPhone protesters raised
over 20,000 dollars to fund its flight
this is indeed a dramatic way to troll
Donald Trump and it plays on one of his
documented insecurities Trump deeply
fears that people think he's basically a
baby and that even his most loyal
advisors think of him as a walking
talking baby consider this remarkably
bizarre report from journalist Josh
green who recounts that Trump was
enraged over an article that reported
his campaign aides tried to persuade him
through their TV appearances quote you
think you've got to go on TV to talk to
me Trump shouted at Paul Manafort you
treat me like a baby
am I like a baby to you Trump yelled
this is according to greens account and
Trump continued yelling at Manta Ford
saying quote I sit here like a little
baby and watch TV and you talked to me
am i an effing baby Paul the room fell
silent Donald Trump's primal anger over
this baby reputation may be triggered by
this giant baby Trump blimp
organizers say that's the whole point
environmental activist Leo Murray says
Trump is shameless but deeply insecure
so trolling him is one way to reach him
he really doesn't care yeah the man has
no shame so moral outrage is not an
effective form of protest for Donald
Trump what
Heights is when people take the piss out
of him and you know he's got a really
fragile ego I would say that's the only
sort of real leverage that we have over
this man the effort hitting its mark
while the baby has not yet taken flight
it's getting attention in the UK and the
US tonight headlines saying giant nappy
clad Trump baby blimp will fly over
London even Fox News reported Knight
quote Trump baby blimp gets okay to fly
over London during Trump's visit now
some news stories raised big questions
like what kind of nation do we want to
be other stories raised smaller
questions you could even call them baby
size like Trump's question to Paul
Manafort am i an effing baby Paul well
that's the question these protesters
will raise next week does President
Trump act like a baby does he govern
like a baby and when he believes people
think he's a baby does he respond like a
baby hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
