there are new signs now the workload of
the federal probe may be growing
bloomberg news reports today that quote
molar is tapping additional Justice
Department resources for help with new
legal battles according to current and
former US officials he's making more use
of career prosecutors from the offices
of US Attorney's and from Justice
Department headquarters as well as FBI
agents a sign that he may be laying the
groundwork to hand off parts of his
investigation eventually much of that
extra manpower has gone toward
prosecuting or sentencing the 20 people
who have already been indicted in the
probe meanwhile Muller is still awaiting
a decision on whether the president will
testify before his prosecutors Trump
lawyer Rudy Giuliani had previously said
there would be an answer by July 4th
however CBS News now reporting that as
of Giuliani's deadline yesterday he had
no decision to announce which could set
the stage for a potential confrontation
over a presidential subpoena joining me
now barbara mcquade a former US attorney
in an MSNBC contributor Barbara first on
this issue of more resources and what
that signals in terms of where this
investigation is and where it may be
going how do you read that yeah I don't
know exactly but I can think of three
possible reasons that he might be adding
more lawyers I mean one is that he's got
big charges coming and he needs
additional bodies to work on that a
second theory and maybe more likely is
just he already has a lot on his plate
we've got the July trial of Paul
Manafort coming up there have been lots
of motions motions for discovery in the
internet research case and so I could
see just needing additional manpower to
handle that and the third reason is that
there may be parts of this case that are
more tangential and might once he closes
up shop a special counsel can be farmed
out to US Attorneys offices so that they
can main continuity on those so those
are three possibilities the issue of
Trump the issue of the president talking
to prosecutors Giuliani saying July 4th
11 answer it is now July 5th how much
time can Giuliani and the Trump legal
team team string this out before they
have to give some kind of a definitive
answer yeah they seem to keep moving the
goalposts every time a deadline comes
extending it further at some point
robert muller is really going to have to
make a decision whether how much he
wants this test
demony does he serve a subpoena on the
president or does he let him move on
without even talking to him and I think
he has been keen to negotiate some sort
of voluntary sit down so they can avoid
what you know many people may describe
as a constitutional crisis that phrase
gets used a lot but I think if you were
to subpoena President Trump and if you
were to refuse to comply with that
subpoena we might actually have that
constitutional crisis where you would
have this very strange scenario of a
judge potentially ordering marshals to
arrest a president who's protected by
the Secret Service so I think Robert
Mullen will try to avoid that at all
costs and try to negotiate it or he may
at some point just say you know this is
his chance president Trump's chance to
tell his side of the story and if he
doesn't want to avail himself of that
opportunity maybe Robert Muller just
moves on and files his report with
Congress or indictment or whatever he
decides to do and meanwhile yesterday
more hints that Michael Cohen may be
close to cutting a deal maybe even
potentially flipping on the president
Cohen who once described himself on
Twitter as a personal attorney to
President Donald Trump has scrubbed his
profile page removing his affiliation
with the president similarly Cohen
revised his profile on LinkedIn to show
that his work for the president ended in
June this comes as NBC tonight confirms
a report from the New York Times that
Cohen has hired attorney Lanny Davis
prominent Democratic operative a close
Clinton ally in a statement Davis said
that Michael Cohen deserves to tell his
side of the story subject of course to
the advice of counsel Barbara I'm just
curious what you make of the
maneuverings from Michael Coe in the
past week the online activity the
interview with ABC News this thing about
Lanny Davis right now I think there's
been some debate here about whether this
is about the court of public opinion or
the court of law that we're talking
about what do you make of what he's
doing and does it say anything about his
legal situation to you it's interesting
it seems that Michael Cohen is working
very hard to rehabilitate his public
image as much as anything I don't think
that this other district of New York is
going to you know much care about or
find value in what's on his Twitter
account or what he says to George
Stephanopoulos but I do think that
it seems that Michael Cohen is trying to
as he has said I won't be the villain in
this in this story and Lanny Davis is
not only a lawyer but he also runs a PR
firm and so Michael Cohen already has a
very fine lawyer and guy Petrillo to
handle the legal matters
adding Lanny Davis to this case seems
like an effort to win over the court of
public opinion as much as anything so
I'm not sure what's going on there other
than maybe repairing his reputation
maybe he believes it adds to his value
or his credibility as a cooperator in
the case with the Southern District of
New York but at any rate he does seem to
be signaling a severance with Donald
Trump and that probably bodes well for
anyone who is hoping that Michael Cohen
will cooperate against him hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
