epa administrator scott pruett is out of
a job
faced with an avalanche of scandal and
embarrassing headlines over Pruitt's
spending and ethics president Trump
broke the news this afternoon with a
tweet I have accepted the resignation of
Scott Pruett as the administrator of the
Environmental Protection Agency within
the agency Scott has done an outstanding
job and I will always be thankful to him
for this the Senate confirmed deputy at
EPA andrew wheeler will on monday assume
duties as the Acting Administrator of
the EPA I have no doubt that Andy will
continue on with our great and lasting
EPA agenda we have made tremendous
progress and the future of the EPA is
very bright the president tweeting that
out just shortly ago Pruitt meanwhile
has been the subject of at least 15
investigations regarding his practices
at the EPA including his spending on
travel the questionable use of his
personal security detail the room that
he rented from the wife of a lobbyist at
$50 at night in the installation of a
soundproof booth in his office for
months President Trump had stood by his
EPA Administrator just last night Pruitt
in fact was a guest at the White House
fourth of July celebration where he got
a friendly shoutout from his boss as
recently as last month
Trump was brushing off questions about
prudes future and praising his work
Scott Pruett is doing a great job within
the walls of the EPA everywhere setting
records outside he's being attacked very
viciously by the press I'm not saying
that he's blameless but we'll see what
happened in his resignation letter to
President Trump Pruett said it is
extremely difficult for me to see
serving you in this role first because I
counted a blessing to be serving you in
any capacity but also because of the
transformative work that is occurring
however the unrelenting attacks on me
personally my family are unprecedented
and have taken a sizable toll on all of
us for more I'm joined by Heidi pres
Bell a national political reporter for
NBC News Osmonds soup saying White House
reporter for The Daily Beast
Republican strategist Sir Michael
singleton and Beth Bui senior politics
editor for NBC News Heidi let me just
ask you we had the
Bente there with what he said a couple
weeks ago we had proved at the White
House last night at the 4th of July
celebration what changed in Trump's
thinking and when did it change well in
his words he spoke with the press today
he said there was no final straw Steve
but as an observer we have to say there
was some major stories that broke
recently including about Pruitt actually
abusing his staff putting charges on
their credit card and not reimbursing
them for them then over the weekend I
think you know the president's very
visual person he watches a lot of TV and
what was playing all over the holiday
this past you know the past couple of
days was that mother confronting him at
the diner a few hours ago then we just
found out from the ranking member on the
House Oversight Committee Elijah
Cummings that there was even more
information to come out about him
scrubbing his calendars including
potentially a meeting with a cardinal
who had been accused of sex abuse so
there was still more revelations to come
I guess though Beth it still does raise
the question I mean there had been so
much that was already out there
what would the definition of too much be
right and think about it you know the
first one of these big cabinet people to
go down Tom Price he was gone so quickly
once News had had broken that he had
been flying around on military jet and
renting charter planes and and the way
over spending and he was gone there was
it was clear that he had to go this has
been going on for months and months and
months so many more allegations that
ever were leveled at Tom Price the
dripping dripping dripping constantly
going and Trump always staying in his
campus as Heidi said president Trump
spoke about this resignation of Pruitt
on Air Force One tonight and basis a
great guy loved the guy he just couldn't
take it anymore that things were so
tough on him there was no there was no
apology whatsoever in his letter and Pro
it's letter to the president so it's
very unclear what broke finally at this
point and honestly Steve it proved in
many ways was sort of like President
Trump even though he didn't have the
great wealth of President Trump he was
sort of that let's see how I could push
as hard as I can get away with things
the sort of grifting that many people
complain about with the president of
something that proved was doing as well
so triple we sort of seem to sort of be
in his camp even though the things he
was doing were so hard to justify
well one longtime ally of Pruitt Senator
Jim Inhofe from
that scott pruett home state he had last
month said that it could be time for the
epa administrator to leave his job he
complained to conservative Fox News host
Laura Ingraham that every day something
new comes up enough leader backed off
that criticism but Ingraham herself
tweeted last month that Pruitt's bad
judgment is hurting Trump and that he's
got to go and on Tuesday Ingraham
weighed in again writing simply Pruitt
is the swamp drain it is that a lesser
Michael they bring you in Republican
voice here if we don't see it we see
controversies all the time around this
president what we do not see all the
time our allies like Laura Ingraham
saying hey mister president there's
something to this you better do
something here is that how I Scott
Pruett going tonight well because it
appears to be a bit hypocritical when
one of the president's key promises our
campaign components was he was going to
quote unquote drain the swamp he was
going to make Washington run more
efficiently and be beholden to the
American people and yet you have an
alligator in your own administration
that thrives in this quote-unquote swamp
and so I think Laura Ingraham
recognizing and there it recognizes and
there have been other conservatives that
a publicly called for the President to
remove Scott Pruett that you cannot
articulate this message and yet you say
oh the left has done XY and Z things
wrong and yet you are a hypocrite on a
major campaign promise in conservatism
at one point in time stood for law stood
for order and yet you have a president
who has essentially disregarded all of
those foundational principles of what it
once meant to be a conservative in this
country to say oh it doesn't matter
we will allow individuals to run amok
and I think finally folks who said we've
had enough well what does that divide
look like by the way on the conservative
side on the Republican side because we
have Laura Ingraham out there say Inhofe
had raised concerns I think Joni Ernst
senator from Iowa had said some things
there were Republican conservative
voices out there saying things like this
same time seeing conservatives right now
just going and getting some immediate
reaction from some you know activists
thought leaders however you want to say
you know saying he got a raw deal saying
you know Pruitt was basically railroaded
by the press by you know by liberal
villains here what's the divide on the
Republican side how many letters should
go how many shouldn't I think right now
the Republic
party isn't a mist of a paradigm shift
and I think a lot of individuals are
beginning to wonder is this a temporary
moment or is it a permanent moment I
think for all accounts this is now the
party of Trump and that's why you do
have so many leaders who are now going
to the activist realm of the party to
try to figure out what folks just say it
on the ground because no one wants to
get out there too soon and sort of anger
that base if you will who we know are so
loyal to the president well I'm curious
how you read the politics of this one is
this a president looking at growing
concerns with his base and acting on it
is it a president who perceived a wider
political threat and said we've taken on
enough water here where do you think
it's coming from no I think the
president has finally realized that this
is just too much we know for a fact that
Donald Trump doesn't like anyone to get
more negative coverage than himself
and despite the fact that you can
actually point to some tangible things
that conservatives may agree to as far
as the job that Scott Pruett has done I
think the ethical issues have sort of
overshadowed those things and the
president in the midst of so many other
things lingering and with his White
House right now finally made the
decision that you know what it's time
for him to go I can choose someone else
who can do the exact same thing hey I
guess that does this solve a political
problem for the president that's outside
of his party or is this just sort of the
president reacting to his party
well it certainly gets rid of a big
political headache not just for the
president who as you correctly point out
has publicly at least been pretty firmly
behind Scott Pruett for the past several
months even when this avalanche of
scandal first started to emerge but if
it walked to White House officials such
as chief of staff John Kelly and
basically everyone from there on down
Scott Pruett would have been ousted from
the EPA yesterday if not weeks and weeks
and weeks beforehand
this is someone who topped West Wing
officials have wanted gone for a while
now but every time a negative story
bubbled up until very recently there
have been people to whisper in Donald
Trump's ear who are Pruitt's allies on
Capitol Hill conservative media and the
conservative movement that he had to
stay obviously that only took Pruett so
far but it took him a very long way what
ultimately brought scott pruett down was
among other factors he him waging war on
his own
staff many of some of whom have come out
publicly to speak out and blow the
whistle against him if he had not
engineered this campaign of smearing his
own aides and former aides there is a
chance that this torrent of leaks and
testimony wouldn't have come out so
aggressively against him so so what's
gonna happen right now Heidi because we
note that tweet from the president he
gets those two words in their
senate-confirmed for the replacement
andrew wheeler the deputy who takes over
as interim the president pointing out he
has been confirmed by the Senate and
that is an issue here with a 51/49
Senate department where the policies
have been as contentious as they are as
EPA here are we looking at the permanent
EPA Administrator here or do you think
this is a White House it's going to look
elsewhere depends on how much pressure
he comes under from this president
wheeler is quoted as having said that he
did not want the job that he never
wanted the job but there are a lot of
insiders who think he could actually be
even more effective than Pruett was
because he is so low-key but he has the
same agenda in he might just be more
effective he's not going to draw that
all of the attention I think this is a
teaching moment is well Steve in terms
of what draining the swamp actually
means look at what it took to bring
Pruitt down it was never about his job
the job that he was doing was never or
the draining the swamp was never about
corruption because of all of these
things that the president was putting up
with it was about draining the agencies
if you look at Donald Trump's comments
he thought that Pruitt was doing an
excellent job he'd rolled back 22
regulations he was holding a lot of new
regulations at bay and even folks like
christine Todd Whitman had said when
poet came in that this was going to be a
danger to the environment to human
health that is the mission of the EPA is
to protect human health and the
environment and yet what you see is
lobbyists like Scott Pruett and now
wheeler who is a coal lobbyist coming in
to push through this agenda which is
essentially starving the agency pushing
out civil servants in favor of this more
lobbyists driven agenda
that is going to continue that is not
why Scott Pruett was fired it just
quickly bet though on that point do use
it Democrats for policy reasons that did
not like the idea of crew at their do
you see a continuation of these policies
the way Heidi's describing and that's
why it was so strange that Pruitt was
able to hang on as long as he was
because the next guy or the woman who
was going to come in and to replace him
is gonna pursue the exact same agenda
but the only thing I want you to talk
about Steve is like look at this this is
our list of all the people in Trump's
orbit who have gone or disappeared since
he became president this is a very long
list compiled by our White House unit of
all the many names of people change
departures from the administration to
the administration and from from cabinet
officials to staff to spokespeople this
is a this is an administration that just
bleeds people it they just go and and
it's remarkable that he hung on as long
as he did but he just joins this very
very very long list of people who have
started in some way in the Trump
administration and have since departed
all right hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
