welcome back tonight in meet the
midterms
take a look we've got live pictures at
Great Falls Montana where any minute now
president Trump will take the stage at
this rally the president's there to fire
up Republicans he won Montana by 20
points in 2016 now Republicans are
trying to flip Democratic senator Jon
Tester Senate seat there
but tester welcomed the president to Big
Sky Country today with open arms
the Montana Democrat ran full-page ads
in 14 newspapers this morning welcoming
president Trump to the state and
thanking him for supporting tester's
legislation the ad proudly lists 16
bills tester either sponsored or
co-sponsored that the President signed
into law
but while tester is trying to at least
partially align himself with the
President to help himself get reelected
in a red state
the president's allies are trying to
keep that from happening the local Great
Falls paper also published an op-ed
today by Donald Trump jr. titled John
tester is no partner of President Trump
will be watching tonight's rally and
this raised as we head into November
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
