in congressional districts around the
country this week candidates are gearing
up and getting out I guess parades in
particular yesterday increasingly we're
seeing more women more candidates
outside the traditional party structure
and many of them getting a boost from
Democratic groups that grew out of the
Trump election one started by a
freelance writer who was in his usual
coffee shop thinking there has to be a
way to channel all this upset about the
election of Donald Trump his answer a
unique grassroots campaign called swing
left and it's having a real impact in
key races around the country in a
Broadway theater packed with celebrities
the night's unlikely star is a freelance
writer turned political power player
he's Ethan Todd respite Hill and after
Donald Trump won he felt just like these
folks did I was feeling you know just
despondent depressed and like the New
Yorkers at this party he lives in a deep
blue congressional district in western
Massachusetts so I was looking for a
place where I could make a difference
and IIIi found a New York 19 just across
the border he also found out that 75% of
Americans have a congressional swing
district within 50 miles and believed
that if he could convince those blue
district Democrats to help out in their
nearest winnable district the House of
Representatives could swing left so he
came up with swing left org for people
like chris goldberg zip code here
so I'm in West Hollywood very blue
district yep
maybe one of the bluest and searched and
it says what my closest swing district
is which is California 25 and so this is
where I've been standing for the last
year or so coming up here almost every
weekend he's not alone the website
launched the day after the inauguration
by the end of the first weekend two
hundred thousand people had signed up
today it's pushing four hundred thousand
volunteers like Steve and Melinda my
husband said let's have a party I said
sure he put out the invitation we got a
lot of people really quickly and then we
got over 100 and we realized we had to
move from our house down to the church
rented the church hallway you got a
hundred pete got almost 200 people
people just waiting for a way to channel
their frustration into action how many
of you guys are from outside of this
district that's amazing so in California
district 25 in the shadow of the Reagan
Library 200 people went canvassing last
Sunday were you nervous about knocking
on doors the first time yes I was very
nervous though now they tell me it's
cathartic even addicting
I cannot go away I cannot because every
time I go out and meet another diagraph
and they say thank you so much for
coming I can't wait to vote add to that
swing left manpower money they set up
innovative district funds you donate to
a district not a person and the eventual
primary winner gets to cash in Cal 25
that's Katie Hill
you beat a slew of other people on
election night how much money did you
have left we had almost nothing left
we spent pretty much down to town to
zero the group gave her a hundred sixty
four thousand dollars with more coming
in every day swing left is now in 78th
congressional districts in 29 states
whole families are turning out like the
Bartlet's why swing low it takes a
village to flip a house
back on Broadway Ethan is winning over
more converts and the party's host
producer Jordan Roth fresh off winning a
Tony has his eye on a different prize
now control of the house or you say I'm
gonna join with you I'm gonna join with
you I'm gonna join with you and I'm
gonna make this change
joining me now MSNBC political analyst
and Republican strategist Susan Dell /
CEO Democratic strategist battles
Michael so they're kind of shattering
this traditional model swing left is
they're saying you don't necessarily
have to come up through the system you
don't have to depend on the Democratic
Party for its organization or even for
its money meaning they're not beholding
to the party and holding to the donors
if the Democrats indeed swing left in
the house isn't going to be in spite of
or because of the Democratic Party a
little of both but I first of all I love
the story by the way and it is and I
think but I think you're absolutely
right I think in many cases you'll see
it being done in spite of the party you
saw that in New York 14 with the crowley
of the crowd alexandria ok CEO cortez
she is the hottest ticket in democratic
polity she absolutely is and i think a
lot of those a lot of her voters and a
lot of voters across the country despite
what some of the Democratic machine
might say that they want radical change
as opposed to incremental ISM trying to
talk about the the policy constraints
within your job is just not going to
inspire a lot of voters so I do think
that in many cases across the country
you're going to see elected people
running for office and getting elected
in spite of the confines and I think one
of the ways you see that is that this
group which did not exist until really
after the inauguration in any real way
has raised four million dollars it's
giving it to a lot of people like Katie
Hill who in many ways is similar to what
we saw in New York right she's somebody
who came up outside of the system
she's somebody who is challenging an
there's a two-term incumbent Republican
who she's going to go up against but
initially there were like a dozen
Democrats who threw their name out she
eventually went up against three of them
so if you're still playing by the old
party rules if you're the Democrats or
the Republicans for that matter do you
need to start figuring out what's going
on out there in America oh yes I mean
this story is incredible and this
organization is doing something that as
a Republican I would be very very afraid
of because they actually are using a
single message flip the house swing left
so focused right focus and that anyone
can go into the district the closest to
them that's not a deep blue one that
they're looking to flip it's organized
it's and they're doing more than money
they're bringing bodies which means they
can canvass potential donors who I mean
excuse me potential voters who they may
not normally ID as people to go out and
what's interesting here is I spent a lot
of time talking to both days we were
there all weekend long in California 25
and one of the things that has surprised
the folks going door-to-door is people
in California 25 are so used to it being
Republican don't realize not just that
Hillary Clinton won there but that the
registrations now slightly favor the
Democrats so they're going to a
democratic Dora basal and they're saying
oh I was like afraid to talk about it I
didn't even know that there were other
Democrats in my neighborhood what was
interesting a majority of seats we need
to flip are our seats where Hillary won
but are represented by Republican models
in California so that's a very you know
it's important that we a acknowledge
that that we knock on doors that we did
not knock on before and that we actually
have conversations that's what came out
of 2016 that we weren't talking to our
neighbors enough and I think what does
your story suggest is that we're having
more of those Congress it says I mean
what Howard Dean did in 2004 this is
just leaps and bounds above it but I
think it will be so just tremendously
impactful this like I said Republicans
should be very afraid of well in the
meantime one of the things that they're
hearing a lot about and again I had a
lot of conversations and has motivated a
lot of these folks as the Supreme Court
Peter Alexander has just reported that
he's talked to a source who's familiar
with the selection process
that's going on right now with the
president and he tells NBC News the
three most serious contenders our
appeals court judges Brett Kavanaugh
Raymond Catholic and Amy Coney Barrett
what do you make of that narrowed it
down to three here opposed to announce
it on Monday
it's worthless from now it's going to be
who the president feels is most on his
side who he's not just most comfortable
with but who he thinks will be more with
him versus doing their actual duty to
the court he wants someone like that and
I know we've been talking a lot about
the impact on roe versus wade but there
are also so many other issues restraints
on presidential authority gerrymandering
affirmative action which we've been
talking about the last two days those
are motivating and while those are
motivating issues for a lot of Democrats
and I was in Southern California and I
was in West Hollywood lgbtq there's a
lot of peace but do you feel as though I
mean what can the folks on that side who
are concerned about it do well you know
that's a that's a problem because people
feel that there's no direct you know the
problem is it's going to be hard to take
this now take an AMA nominee away from
the president that's what we've been
saying presidents generally get their
nominees so the most of the press will
say well the Republicans didn't do that
we just don't have the numbers and
hopefully we can in some way shape or
form and maybe be flip a couple of
senators on the issue of Roe versus Wade
but what we can also do is have an
impact on the lower courts
Susan yesterday you told me when we were
talking that you thought he might go
outside the box does this make you feel
more like he's gonna stick with it like
he would stick with the list but again
it's Donald Trump you still never know
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
