we've got this new reporting this
morning it indicates the president was
willing to go to war last summer to
solve a foreign policy challenge but not
in Russia in Venezuela according to the
Associated Press the president
repeatedly brought up the idea of
invading Venezuela as a way to get rid
of its President and provide some
stability to that troubled country
the report says when President Trump
first brought up the idea in August top
officials seemed to talk him out of it
but then the president revisited it
publicly the next day listen as well as
a mess very dangerous mess in a very sad
situation the people are suffering and
they're dying we have many options for
Venezuela including a possible military
option if necessary I want to bring in
Joshua Goodman he wrote the article for
The Associated Press and his news
director for the AP for all of the Andes
Joshua administration officials say this
is just another case of the president
thinking out loud but he brought it up
several times does that indicate there
was more to this than just a random
thought that was in his head that came
out from his mouth you know I'm gonna
expert on what's inside the president's
head but it certainly is clear from our
reporting that he was fixated on this
idea around August and September of last
year he brought it up to his aides at
the Oval Office and then he raised it on
two occasions with President of Colombia
and other Latin American leaders so this
was at a very tense time in the
relationship between the two countries
and you know it was something that he
wanted an answer about there's no
indication however that he ordered up
military plans or that any of his aides
were on board for the idea of an
invasion but he clearly was pressing and
probing his aides to answer the question
and as our story shows he even raised
the example of past military
interventions in Latin America during
the Cold War for what he considered a
successful military operation in the
region it's worth noting Joshua in your
reporting you were at that two of the
men who talked the president out of this
idea which a chart were HR McMaster and
Rex Tillerson obviously both of those
guys are gone so the question is if they
other ideas like this that come to him
where are the moderating voices and will
they be able to talk him out of it yeah
I mean that's the story is very much in
some ways a snapshot of the past this
was August in September of last year all
these conversations about a possible or
military invasion none of the advisors
are part of the inner circle today and I
think most importantly tensions between
Venezuela and the US have actually eased
quite a bit in many ways since then
especially since president Maduro is
reelection I think there's an idea that
they don't want to neither the two sides
want to escalate tensions any further
obviously it's not a great relationship
the two countries don't have M fasteners
but I think there's a bit of a
accommodation taking place right now so
I don't want to give the suggestion that
this is currently you know you know on
the president's make the argument
obviously that there are other people
who are dictators who could potentially
be in the crosshairs
you know Cuba comes to find turkey
Nicaragua I mean have your havier
thoughts on that one but how do we even
square the policy of America first with
the possibility of invading another
country to depose its leaders just I
mean look at that on a physical
philosophical level I think that's why
the AIDS and the Latin American leaders
who we talked to about this we're sort
of alarmed about it because it sort of
expressed a degree of ignorance about
the sensitivities in Latin America given
the long history of US military
interventions Democrats and Republicans
during the Cold War and I think you know
in the case of Trump and Venezuela
specifically the president has actually
been very successful in building a
coalition among countries in Latin
America who are actually fans of his
policies overall but on Venezuela have
really rallied behind the u.s. in
pressuring Maduro and I think what was
really sort of surprising to the aides
is that in making comments like this and
also in sort of insisting on it in
private he was risking alienating some
of those countries like Colombia Panama
Mexico who you know otherwise we're
willing to go much further than they
ever had
the past in criticizing Venezuela and
president Maduro hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
