we of course have been concerned all
morning about the McCarthyism that is
creeping across Cape Cod from sandwich
to Provincetown and of course John
Fedor's is with us who was known of
course as the prince of Martha's
Vineyard yeah have you have you been
excluded from clambakes of light John
Edwards I I have never been to Martha's
Vineyard and I'm 57 years old so yes
I've been excluded my entire life Joe
yeah so I'm really an anti and I keep
kosher so I couldn't even eat like the
clams honorable no wonder they don't
scar theism its McCarthyism to serve
clams yes on Martha's Vineyard that's
what I say that's McCarthyism can I just
say I think Dershowitz phrased this
badly and the McCarthyism thing is a
ludicrous thing to say yeah but I find
it totally plausible that in this
unbelievably politicized partisan
atmosphere that his friendships are
being tested and his social
relationships are being impacted by his
let's say favorable treatment of Trump
and how he weather that he shouldn't be
impeached this is very much of a piece
with the social experiences of a lot of
people who take views that contrast with
you know the orthodoxy and the
communities that they live in and he's
now experiencing it and he hasn't
experienced it before but a lot of us
have in the course of our lives I was
just getting a lot of people are now I
was just gonna say there's a reason why
people like you and I haven't been
invited to Martha's Vineyard parties
while the Clintons and the Obamas ruled
the roost there so why should alan
dershowitz be so shocked that it's
finally happening to him I I mean I
wonder how many conservatives have been
sitting around
sitting around the table of those
parties over the past 20 or 30 years hey
I mean did they have steve scalise there
when barack obama was holding court on
Martha's Vineyard did they have you know
did they have Tom DeLay there when when
Bill Clinton rule I mean come on it's
just these things happen and by the way
it's not just that he's against the
impeaching of Donald Trump the guy is
the guy is running resistance for Paul
man afford every bit as much as he did
for OJ Simpson right well fair enough
and you know some of us would think that
some of that appellate work on behalf of
of OJ and others you know also could be
the sort of thing that would lead
someone to be shunned and certain
sectors of polite society but if
Dershowitz is having this experience it
is a little representative like it's
it's very easy to make fun of it because
it's like oh I you know yeah I'm not
having fun on Martha's Vineyard anymore
but I mean it is suggestive of how
impossible it is now in this atmosphere
to have to hold opinions that run
counter to the orthodoxy of the world
that you live in yeah and I want to open
this up to everybody else but I'm
speaking to you as a conservative cuz
you and I would understand this pretty
well as being outspoken conservatives
again it may be a little more intense
but my god if I tried to walk on
Martha's Vineyard in 1998 or 1999 during
impeachment or 2000 during the recount
nobody would say hey there's Joe
Scarborough right-wing congressman let's
invite him you know do our clambake
right and nor by the way the other thing
is it's not necessarily so pleasant to
be in the company of people who disagree
with you so powerfully that it's hard to
have civil Concours you know that that's
something that happened for example to
my parents in the late sixties early
seventies
when they move from the left to the
right and their friendships were were
deeply compromised because they had two
choices one of which was to kind of stay
silent and smile and not sort of involve
themselves in the most controversial
conversations or to fight back either
way that's not a pleasant position to be
it either swallow your words or to end
up being you know having combat with
people that you're just trying to have a
nice dinner with right and so it no no
no I totally agree with you and by the
way as you see we have Jonathon doors
with us he's editor of commentary
magazine also columnist at the New York
Post also joining us national
correspondent for NBC News and MSNBC
Steve Kornacki Fortune magazine senior
editor at largely Gallagher and
columnist and deputy editorial page
editor at The Washington Post Ruth
Marcus and you know Ruth it's not yeah I
will say it's a bit more intense than it
was let's say even during the Clinton
administration because there you knew
who you know you knew the sides now I
can tell you and I'm not alone here but
you know when my fam won I get together
with family members we have learned you
do not talk politics for the first time
in our lives we understand that if we
are going to be a happy functioning
family unit we don't talk about Donald
Trump can't be done and people don't
defend Paul Manafort at my dinner table
and I don't attack tall men afford at my
dinner table we talk about kids and
grandkids and that's it I think that the
intensity today is so much more than the
intensity of ten years ago or 20 years
ago or 30 years ago we had intense
fights then over we had enormous family
disruption over at our family dinner
table or extended family dinner table
over things like during the Bush
administration the war in Iraq I was a
member of the Washington Post editorial
board which was support
of the war and I got a lot of incoming
from family members but this this is
different this is an intensity level
that really John talked about his
parents in the 60s and 70s
this really has fractured a lot of
friendships that survived some of those
earlier moments no I will say one of
Steve one of Micah's family's
Thanksgiving dinners well on the front
lawn during the Iraq war we I think
we've seen really intense times like
this I think you can go back to Vietnam
and sure there was squabbling but that
was more of a generation brother was
working in the Bush administration yes
yeah her one of her brothers was working
in there well my father was writing
op-eds critical so that's a little
intense I don't think yeah sounds like
it yes dr. Burzynski after all sort of
bite his tongue it feels I think it to
the extent it feels different now and it
feels more intense and it feels like
this sort of thing is happening more I
think one of the reasons is all of the
the political discussion all of the
polarization right now it's in
everybody's face 24/7 you look at your
phone Donald Trump wants it right in MHC
style this is the Twitter president and
so you check your phone when you add to
your car get off the subway whatever it
is and you are confronted with five
emotionally pleasing tweets or Facebook
posts from people you agree with that
put the world the world in starkly moral
terms that make you go yes this is the
side I'm on and you're confronted with
five that make you say no these are the
people I'm fighting against and you get
that 24/7 throughout the day whereas it
used to be what you know the nightly
news the morning newspaper and then you
would just talk to your co-workers
during the day and then maybe you'd be
other stuff you'd talk about yeah I mean
Lee though I just I do wonder and maybe
this is just me but Trump tweets now I
don't even read the tweets I wait for
the reaction to the tweets and it's the
same old crowd and so I remember
something was tweeted a couple week or
last week it seems like five years ago
where
Donald Trump just completely
contradicted himself into you know past
Goodlatte - and then the next say you
know then he's like I never said past
Goodlatte - instead of like a you know
ripping ash cloth and the whole ash
cloth you know
sackcloth and ashes I just laughed yeah
I guess I just laughed and I turned off
my phone it's not we've moved I mean
we're really living in a post facto
world as we've all commented a lot maybe
towards an ever fact world I mean that
things are just false and I think it's
dangerous and I also think it's a
strategy playing in with the debasement
of the media because it's it's all of
the it's all of a piece right I mean you
know many reporters feel like they're
not even people are not even believing
that they are actually reporting and so
that has a real impact but these I mean
the thing about Harley last week Harley
sales are down Harley Davidson 7%
because of their move well the move was
just announced last month II was talking
about sales in 2017 it just no way and
it was just it's laughable
I literally then he corrected himself
with one typo over people pour over my
tweets he said oh you know I've written
many best-selling books I pride myself
on my writing it was P o re not P oh you
are you know that that's the thing that
gets corrected but anyway I think it's
all part of the same piece that we're
living in and none of the Martha's
Vineyard thing by the way I will say
it's new it's front page news that that
you know Dershowitz feels excluded there
because we're still even though these
filter bubbles are what led to the
election arguably we're still in our
bubbles we are still not colliding and
crossing boundaries and talking with
each other we are still living in our
isolated worlds I think to a large
degree
Ruth you have a new column this morning
on who you say would be the Trump
Supreme Court pick who'd put who would
pose the biggest danger to abortion
rights who's that
that is Amy Kony Barrett she's been a
judge on the federal appeals court based
in Chicago for eight months so she has
the shortest judicial track record and
paper trail of any of the potential
nominees but she has a lot of eye
the great time over the fourth of July
reading Law Review articles a little
pathetic that she wrote and here's what
emerges from her Law Review articles she
is extremely personally opposed to
abortion it comes through in Law Review
articles that she wrote about the duty
of a Catholic judge hearing death
penalty cases and she has and this is
very relevant to Senator Collins and the
others a very uh not unusual but very
well developed view about how much
respect a judge a justice who she says
believes that a precedent that is
wrongly decided she says that justice is
responsibility is to the Constitution
and not to uphold the precedent so I
think you put those two together and
it's a flashing neon sign let me add it
all overrule Roe so I'm wondering John
Fedora's to you do you agree with Walter
Isaacson earlier said this may move John
Roberts not to be a liberal but more of
an institutionalist if the court tries
to lurch too quickly he's he is more of
a step-by-step incrementalist as we saw
in the Affordable Care Act well if if
Trump's next pick is a hardline
conservative there is this space in the
court for someone to be the sort of
leftward edge of the right and it seems
over time that those spaces do get
filled by justices almost by osmosis or
simply by the process of how these
things work and Roberts is the obvious
person to be that person I think in the
in a Barrett case you have an
interesting dynamic for Trump Barrett is
clearly going to be the most would be
the most controversial of the nominees
and he might like it because that would
stimulate the right get people out to
vote if she comes under really grievous
attack in in in the fall all right Ruth
Marcus and John Fodor achieved Kornacki
and Lee Gallagher thank you guys so much
it's such a great panel we have to have
you on tomorrow which means I'm gonna
ask you to say so we can post tape and
that does it for us this morning
that tells Jensen picks up the coverage
right now thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and may
sure you subscribe to stay up to date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
