joining us now member of the Foreign
Relations Committee Democratic senator
Ben Cardin of Maryland good to have you
on board this morning sir senator let's
start with the president Supreme Court
pick what are your thoughts what's the
correct response for Democrats versus
first it's good to be with you clearly
the president is looking at a list
prepared by an extreme group that has an
agenda that really wants to just ratify
the president's policies I think what
the American people need to be concerned
about is that we're talking about
changing the balance on the Supreme
Court that's going to affect their
rights a woman's right of choice of
Vapor rights the worker rights consumer
rights we need an independent Supreme
Court that's going to protect your
constitutional rights from the abuses of
the President or Congress or corporate
America and that's on the line with this
nominee David Ignatius is with us and
has a question David senator if I'm
reading the stories right you're one of
the Democrats whose warning fellow
Democrats to be careful about calling
for the abolition of ice now I want to
ask you whether you think this is a
political mistake for the Democrats in
this season to be pushing this issue so
hard well we need an agency that will
deal with our border policies on
migration and and commerce what we don't
want is to the the policy that Donald
Trump has announced we don't want to
separate families at the border that's
we want to allow people at the border to
be able to seek a solemn so the policy
in the way it's being implemented by ice
today is not what the sustainable and
needs to change but you wouldn't but you
wouldn't seek to abolish the agency we
need an agency at the border that deals
with migration and commerce so I'm for
an agency I'm against the policies that
are being implemented by this
administration and the way that ice is
doing it Bob Costa senator Democrats are
talking a lot about the way the Corps
can move to the right on different
social issues but what about on economic
and corporate issues are Democrats going
to have an argument against the eventual
nominee on that
oh absolutely we're talking about
changing the balance that giving
corporate America more power over
consumers we're talking about the rights
of workers being compromised by the
Supreme Court we're talking about a
Supreme Court that will not follow
precedent that has an agenda the list
that's been prepared for the president
comes from a group that has an agenda
that's what's at stake here it's it's
more than just one issue it's the whole
direction of the court - to follow what
the president once rather than what the
American people need okay senator it
depends of course on who the nominee is
but how do you rate your chances of
blocking this nomination understand the
the nominee is going to be selected by a
list that was prepared for by the
president by an extreme group you're
right we need to see who it is but we
know the list and the list has already
been vetted for a particular objective
we want to make sure that we use every
opportunity so the American people know
exactly what's at stake we know that
Senator McConnell has been hypocritical
in the time issues 11 months was not
enough time for President Obama's
nominee to be considered before an
election leader McConnell's gonna try to
get this done in just a few months
that's hypocritical we'll use every tool
we have at our disposal in order for the
American people to know what's at stake
senator let's end by I'll ask you the
same question I asked congressman Cole
what are your thoughts on 4th of July
white what what you take greatest pride
in as an American I heard congressman
Cole and I certainly agree with his
assessment this country our strengths
our values the fact that we are the
leading democratic nation in the world
that we welcome those who are who have
challenges that are that are being
oppressed this country has stood as a
beacon of hope for people all around the
world we are blessed to live here in
America and we should recognize our
freedoms and make sure that we work to
preserve them senator ben cardin thank
you very much for joining us in Bob
Costa thank you as well
still ahead we'll get a report from
England after a couple was poisoned by
the same Russian nerve agent used
against a former spy earlier this year
plus the Washington Post Ruth Marcus is
here with a new column on the
president's Supreme Court contenders
Morning Joe is coming right back thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
