alright Congressman Jim Jordan has
denied claims that he ignored
decades-old
allegations of sexual abuse made by
members of the Ohio State University
wrestling team against their team dr.
Jordan told POLITICO on Tuesday quote
it's not true I never knew about any
type of abuse if I did I would have done
something about it and look if there are
people who were abused and that's
terrible and we want justice to happen
three former wrestlers told NBC News
that it was common knowledge that the
team's dr. Richard Strauss regularly
showered with students and didn't
appropriately touch them during
appointments and said it would have been
impossible for Jordan to be unaware of
the situation one wrestler said he
talked to Jordan directly about the
abuse Ohio State University announced in
April that it was investigating the
claims the Republican leader of the
house freedom caucus was the assistant
wrestling coach at the University from
1986 to 1994 Jordan has repeatedly said
he knew nothing about the allegations
until the former students went public
this year with Mike Allen you look at
all of the the comments from former
wrestlers former former close friends
and associates of Jim Jordan they said
that his locker was right next to the
doctors that he had said that if the
doctor tried anything on him he would he
would take care of him it seems that
everybody that was around Jim Jordan at
the time said he knew he had to know all
of this was going on and in fact he had
said something suggesting that he did
know it was going on yeah you talk about
being on the wrong side of history of
what we're seeing is that again and
again these incidents that were put
aside are now coming back we're seeing
people losing jobs that they've been
offered because of their past
involvement with some of these scandals
and what we see
that so many young athletes over the
years clearly were victimized in this
way and only now are some of them
getting some kind of justice or
vindication yep and Mike before you go
tell us about Axios is report this
morning on Trump's blind spot I mean
just one just I mean narrow it but it
will narrow it down to the one you're
reporting on what's the one that you're
reporting on this morning yeah well we
talked to Bush 43 alumni who were there
when Speaker Pelosi took the gavel when
House Democrats won their election and
they're saying that this White House has
no idea what is about to come if
Democrats get the house you suddenly
have Democrats with subpoena power who
can call you up to testify constantly
they can get in your email they can get
in your budgets they can get in to your
schedules and the Bush White House saw
this coming of course 2006 was the lot
of unhappiness about the Iraq war they
knew the Democrats probably would take
the house so they formed what they
called an oh shucks group and of course
they didn't call it checks osg and for
almost a year
this group met and the chief of staff
Josh Bolton's office to get ready for
what was coming with Democrats now Joe
and mica I'm glad you're sitting down
because you're gonna be shocked by this
but the Trump White House doesn't have
and osg the Trump White House is not
preparing for what could come with House
Democrats well one aide said to me is we
can't even prepare for right what's
right in front of us let alone prepare
for something that might come in six
months yeah you know everybody that
continues to talk to him says the same
thing they are just shocked by how
isolated he is and how anybody that well
actually I was gonna say anybody that
delivers bad news is immediately pushed
out but nobody actually is able to
deliver bad news he lives in his own
bubble he lives in his own world and you
do not speak truth to power
with his president because he'll fire
you already hope what she would push you
aside like the his chief of staff
exactly where I think there's some
reporting that he thinks he could the
president could be his own chief of
staff and not replace Kelly when he
leaves well that's a good way to make
bad things worse okay Mike Alan thank
you very much like still ahead on
morning joe the New York Times calls
that a quote medley of misstatements a
series of presidential tweets all
apparently inspired by Fox News were
either exaggerated unsubstantiated or
just plain false it's hard to believe
but the president's misinformation
campaign is actually getting worse plus
we'll go live to Thailand where
officials are trying to come up with a
plan to rescue a boys soccer team from a
flooded cave they're now facing a new
threat we'll have the latest on that but
first thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
