all right welcome back everyone joining
us now from Washington DC with a look at
ax es am the co-founder of axis Mike
Allen Mike good to have you with us on
this Thursday morning
what does axis is one big thing for us
Axios is one big thing is how President
Trump will make his supreme pick
courting Trump so officials who are
involved in the vetting process tell
Axios that the choice for the court is
going to come down more to personality
than to their record that as with so
many things with president from what's
going to matter is that personal
connection who he feels most comfortable
with in the morning so that's in the
moment so that's why these one-on-one
meetings are so vital and he of course
is looking at the record and his page
briefed him on the politics but people
who are right there with him predict
that it's going to be who he feels
comfortable with and we see this again
and again how he picks top staff how he
picked his vice president and of course
how he relates to world leaders so given
that this may have some feel of
auditions of sorts how is that likely to
play out with the Senate and even
members of the president's own staff as
they prepare for a confirmation fight
now that's a great point this isn't
necessarily the best way to predict a
Supreme Court justice but this is what
you hear again and again from the
president's aides is and doesn't matter
whether it's tweets or picking a justice
they say this is just the way he is we
don't try to change him so morally they
say the president could even jump the
gun on his own announcement of course
the president has said he's going to
announce that pick coming up Monday but
aides tell me they wouldn't be surprised
if he doesn't before then they don't
expect him to they hope it will be
Monday because senators will be back in
town you can have them there for the
unveiling
everybody will be back from vacation and
you get a bigger news pop but as one
aide said to me who knows when the
president has made his pick when he's
ready to go he wants to go Dan it could
vary
possibly be on Twitter at some point as
well over the weekend let's switch gears
for a moment if the president pulls out
from the World Trade Organization what
are the risks to the world global
trading order as we know it so this is
very fascinating and Axius has popped up
a story according a Brookings expert
saying that the just this conversation
puts the prosperity of the world at risk
what we're hearing now not just with the
possibility of pulling out of the World
Trade Organization which people in the
White House don't expect but the
president keeps asking about it again
and again he said it publicly after
Axios wrote about it acts he has posted
the text of a bill that had been drafted
and the President's request so it is
something that's stuck in his craw as my
grandma would say and he it's similar to
what he's doing with tariffs and drip by
drip we're seeing day by day that some
of these things are hurting the US
economy so Republicans now are so
optimistic about 2020 they say he has
peace and prosperity but there are more
and more signs that the actions the
president has taken around the globe
could impact not only prosperity in
other countries but also could hurt here
and even particularly in Trump country
where they're a bunch of automobile
plans mica a little bit off script here
but given the fact that we're talking
about trade and possibly tariffs do we
expect the president this White House to
follow through with the tariffs on China
tonight at midnight so there's no
indication that they're backing away
from that and the next move in this is
so high-stakes China can go as far as
calling for a boycott on US products
so we're plunging into the great unknown
here the president's advisors have told
him that but he said let's go yeah and
of course we're gonna wait and see what
happens in a few hours from now China
deferring to the US to make that first
move Mike Allen I stand by we're gonna
see you in just a second on Morning Joe
we'll also going to be reading access
a.m. in just a little bit and of course
you too can sign up for that newsletter
by going to sign up Axios com hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date
the videos were putting out you can
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
