1968 was one of the rare presidential
elections in modern American history in
which a third party candidate actually
did all right
segregationist former alabama Governor
George Wallace basically swept the south
in 1968 as candidate for the American
independent party he won five states on
a populist and and just straight-up
racist segregationist platform and
during that campaign George Wallace
reserved for a particular target of his
wrath the United States Supreme Court
the court then was led by Chief Justice
Earl Warren the Supreme Court under
Chief Justice Earl Warren had ended
legal racial segregation in the United
States and had established Miranda
rights so criminal suspects are made
aware of their rights immediately upon
arrest of a more in court made at the
law of the land that defendants have the
right to legal counsel imagine the
horror George Wallace hated at all the
Supreme Court of our country has
handcuffed the police they have rendered
decisions today that are absolutely
ludicrous an asinine turn people to lose
every day to a self proven and confessed
murderers of five or more people you
read about it you've seen it and when
they turn somebody loose who's a self
proven a murderer of five or more people
some pseudo-intellectual tells us that
really he's not to blame society's to
blame because his Papa didn't care him
to see the Los Angeles Rams played when
he's a little boy
so one reason we've had a breakdown of
law enforcement has been the Supreme
Court of the United States has by
reflection upon the integrity and
morality of the police this country made
it impossible to convict a criminal made
it impossible to arrest one and today in
the large cities of our nation you
cannot walk the streets of public parks
without fear of physical molestation
because if you arrest someone today they
try the policeman on Monday instead of
the criminal george wallace did not win
the presidential election in 1968 but he
did all right he did better than you
might think five states I mean he did
well enough in 68 that he scared the
Republicans that he might take so many
of their voters he would cost them the
election but with his rhetoric on the
Supreme Court in particular he pushed
the Republican nominee that year much
further to the right on that specific
issue of the court the Republican
nominee that year was Richard Nixon but
believe it or not had started off as a
California moderate even a liberal by
contemporary Republican standards but
soon enough Richard Nixon was out there
on the campaign trail doing his best
George Wallace he started talking about
the Forgotten Americans the non shouters
the non demonstrators that are not
racists are sick that are not guilty of
a crime that plagues the land Nixon
called them the real Voice of America
and he pitched himself as the law and
order candidate he went hard right on
the Supreme Court in particular he
promised to a point Supreme Court
justices who would overturn the recent
Supreme Court rulings from the Warren
Court about Miranda rights and public
defenders and all the rest of it he said
he would restore the country to a system
of law and order
conservative judges that was part of
Nixon's Southern Strategy that was part
of his plan to peel off George Wallace's
supporters to make them his own and
Chief Justice Earl Warren saw what was
happening he saw that Richard Nixon a
front-runner for the presidency was
threatening to roll back everything the
Warren Court had accomplished that it
was becoming a big campaign issue and
Nixon was going hard right on that issue
he saw it coming and so in June 1968
just a few days after Bobby Kennedy had
been assassinated Chief Justice Earl
Warren told the president
Johnson that he was going to retire as
soon as possible
soon as a successor could be named Chief
Justice Warren did not want to run the
risk that it would be a Richard Nixon
who might win the election and thereby
get the opportunity to replace him on
the Supreme Court he said he was out so
at 68 Lyndon Johnson suddenly has an
opportunity to choose a Supreme Court
justice this is just a few months before
the presidential election and he wasn't
gonna get to pick not just any justice
he would get to pick a chief justice and
so Johnson decided that he would elevate
somebody who was already on the bench
who was already on the Supreme Court as
an Associate Justice and it was a
complete disaster Abe Fortas had only
been on the Supreme Court for a couple
of years he was actually an old friend
of Lyndon Johnson's and when President
Johnson announced that he wanted to
elevate Abe Fortas from a regular
Associate Justice seat to Chief Justice
monks before the presidential election
Republicans put up the wall slow-walked
the Fortas nomination hearings and when
the hearings finally did take place
senators learned that not only had
judged Fortas Justice Fortas been
hanging around the White House for
meetings and pressuring certain senators
who opposed the Vietnam War something
that Supreme Court justices are not
supposed to involve themselves in they
also learned that Fortas had been taking
money from a local university to teach a
course he'd been moonlighting University
had been paying him a stipend worth 40%
of his salary on the court soon
Democrats started taking back their
support one by one and ultimately Fortas
had to withdraw from consideration to be
chief justice went back to his old job
of just being a plain regular judge
regular justice on the court and that
meant President Johnson had to withdraw
the nomination that he had made to
replace Fortas on the assumption that
Fortas would be moving up to Chief so
that meant that President Johnson in
1968 outgoing Democratic President
Lyndon Johnson went from having two
chances to change up the Supreme Court
to name two new justices including the
chief he went from two chances to no
chances the Abe Fortas nomination was a
bust and a political disaster they sort
of tried to game the whole thing and
they just blew it and sure enough Nixon
did in fact
win the 1968 election and because of
that failure by the Johnson
administration to successfully appoint a
new Supreme Court Chief Justice to the
bench so Nixon wouldn't get to Nixon
ultimately got to he was able to follow
through on his campaign promise to
appoint conservative judges who pledged
to dismantle the legacy of the Warren
Court by the time Nixon took office so
much more had come out about Abe Fortas
his questionable ethics that he actually
had to resign from the court entirely
May 1969 Fortas left the court so Nixon
got to pick a before toises replacement
for an Associate Justice on the court
and then of course he got to replace
Earl Warren as chief who said he'd you
know resigned and it would take effect
as soon as he had a successor
well Nixon got to pick a successor and
with that Richard Nixon took the liberal
aural war in court and made it shift
abruptly right almost overnight all
because the effort to try to head that
off in 1968 got botched so badly
LBJ screwed up and George Wallace in a
way got his wish there is a lot about
the Trump era in American politics and
in Republican politics that is totally
unprecedented the concern about the
Supreme Court right now and what could
happen there next the unbelievably
consequential fight over the newly
vacant court seat that is now the new
background of this year's midterm
elections this is not one of those
unprecedented Trump specific things this
is the sort of thing that has happened
before we have lived through this before
mistakes and all warts and all this is
one of those times when this is history
happening all over again 50 years later
how all the players handle at this time
we will see but presumably everybody in
the country is going to be working on it
one way or another over these next
incredibly crucial four months hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
