joining us now actor and New York Times
bestselling author Alan Alda he is the
host of the new podcast entitled Claire
and vivid
which launches on July 10th it's great
to have you back on the show thank you
it's so good to see you all right so
tell us about clear and vivid what are
we going to hear conversations with
people who themselves are clear and
vivid but it's about conference
conversations about how we can
communicate better relate to other
people better and this is a great day to
talk about it because today families
will be getting together and they won't
talk about everything that's sometimes
most important to them don't say that
Uncle Louie won't want to hear that
right you know you put ketchup on your
hot dog oh my god ketchup they just
raised the tariffs from Canada family
fight breaks out Uncle Louie goes crazy
that's interesting it because we have
family members so we just don't talk
politics about anymore and there's a
getting for a friends that went down to
a family reunion and I said well I'm
curious because it was in the deep south
I said what are they saying about Donald
Trump and said nobody will talk about it
they're exhausted and they want to stay
away from it it's it's really it's
probably because it devolves pretty
quickly into a shouting match right
people have their set theories and their
set set of facts and nobody wants to
question that but those of us who hold
our own set of facts would really be
probably would be profitable for us to
challenge our own notions it seems to me
I have a radical idea about listening I
think if you listen if you are really
listening you're willing to be changed
by the other person not necessarily in
your deep
core values but to find something if
what the other person is saying that it
is positively affecting you and the
person who's trying to communicate their
ideas has to listen better than the
person listening you got to see where
they are what do they care about how can
you how can you appeal to what they care
about so I'll be talking to people in
all all walks of life all different
they're often famous people but not all
of them Sarah Silverman's have one of
the first in conversations she had an
extraordinary story where she became
friends with someone who hated her that
kind of thing is so hard to fathom but
the variety of people they talk to her
Sarah Silverman excited SOT Perlman
Judge Judy senator George Mitchell
everybody has a different aspect to the
way they communicate and we can all
learn from them and it's just
conversations it's not didactic right
Jeremy liked it it seems to me that one
of the more unique developments of
Donald Trump's presidency and it didn't
start with him by a means but your
political opponent is not just an
opponent there a bad person yeah and
this is true both sides see the other
side as bad people yeah that's exactly
right the worst people in the world
right and it's been so corrosive and you
see the way that Trump has gone oh we're
obsessed with it because it's our jobs
and we talk about it all the time but
it's not just us he has permeated almost
every aspect of our culture and our
society he's on your phone constantly
he's on your TV
he's like as one Republican put it to me
the other day a bad TV show you can't
turn off it's it's it's omnipresent and
you have to wonder at the end of the day
what kind of effect that has on the
elections because he is so energizing
for the for the left he's really revs in
an energizing but also exhausting
exhausting
so I guess the the most important thing
is again listen to those with whom you
disagree and hopefully begin to
understand because there's so many
people that live in bubbles remember the
famous quote I forget her name but 1972
The New Yorker that was quoted in the
New York Times saying I don't know how
Nixon won I don't know a single person
who voted for it that's how we feel
sometimes well the people who elected
Donald Trump to me we're not the people
and this follows what you were saying a
minute ago the people who elected Donald
Trump were not so much the people who
voted for him as the people who didn't
vote at all and listening and getting
involved is a first step and if you
wanted instead of shouting at the person
that you're listening to might be a good
idea to take the action you were talking
about a minute ago I wonder though cuz
clear and vivid sounds like more than
about Trump and about politicians the
Sarah Silverman stories is fascinating
to me and also we're in a climate
because of maybe the political situation
where on a lot of issues you just can't
have a conversation without it going
from zero to a hundred and one issue
where I think this this could be a very
relevant example is the me to movement
where there are these extremes but then
in the middle we're meeting in the
middle is actually where the progress is
is that what these conversations yeah
very much so I mean you sometimes you
can't talk to somebody who won't talk
but there are so many people on the
fringes on both sides of the middle who
will talk and if we neglect those people
if we go right to slogans and shouting
and disrespect we're missing something
important not just that we're not
missing the chance to convince them to
what to have our of the line of thinking
we're missing a chance to arrive at a
consensus where we see something about
what they have to say that
vice versa but it's not just politics
you know this stems from my helping
start the Center for communicating
science at Stony Brook University and in
the past nine years we've trained 12,000
scientists and doctors to communicate
better in five different countries well
and what I began to realize was that
scientists were saying to us you know
this training is saving my marriage it
sounds like you draw out of people not
just opinions but like what they are
about yeah you know why an interesting
person is interesting so what it and
some people come into that with their
guard up do you have a technique that
disarms you had you asked questions or a
particular line of the question everyone
wants to talk to him yes that's very
nice thank you what I personally do is
exercise my curiosity when this person
has a wealth of interesting stories
whoever it is and I try to find out what
those stories are sometimes you know I'm
sitting at a dinner table like a dozen
people I'm sitting next to somebody I
never met before so instead of talking
about the weather I say very often what
are you passionate about and that's not
necessarily their work it usually isn't
but they have stuff that they did that
occupies them that really is interesting
and I can learn something about them as
a person one time one person said after
looking blank for a second she said well
I like golf I do I've played it I don't
get it thank you that's not passion
thank you so much Allan's new podcast
clear and vivid it's launching on July
10th by subscribing for free on Apple
podcasts look forward to it Allen thank
you thanks so much
coming up our next guest calls herself a
daughter of the Cold War she witnessed
Hitler's marched into Prague and saw the
collapse of the Soviet Union it's all
part of a fascinating new memoir next on
Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and mate
sure you subscribe to stay up to date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
