joining us now grace cannon Warneke
grace is the daughter a former US
ambassador to the Soviet Union and
Yugoslavia George Kennan and the author
of the memoir daughter of the Cold War
which describes her time living in
Russia Ukraine and the United States
what an experience and insight you would
have welcome to the show thank you thank
you on what a nice to be here great to
have you when did you set out to write
this memoir when I came back from
Ukraine because before that I was always
working I didn't really didn't have time
and then I came back and thought it's
now or never
and I and I've always been a storyteller
so basically the book came out of my
telling stories and I bet you did not
expect things to look the way they do
now when you set out to write this no
not at all words hard to this all right
so I spent eight years doing it so a lot
of things happen in eight years right
over the course of the decade and a lot
has happened in just the past year oh
wow so give me a sense of I mean I don't
want to ask you what I hate it when
people say what would your father think
of this so we'll believe that but given
what you have witnessed in your life
witnessing Hitler's march into Prague
going to school in Russia and Moscow
during World War two
and having lived in so many countries
even by the age of 12 what your insights
are as to where we are now we're in a
very tough place right now we're in very
difficult relations with Russia but I
think things the one thing I do know
having lived through various periods of
us-russian relations starting out with
one we were allies in world war two then
it never stays the same and they're
going to be changes and the fact that
we're having a summit coming up the fact
that I just talked to people in Moscow
and it's there's a much better mood now
because of the soccer
yeah and so I think that is going to
help with the summit to sort of warming
up David Ignatius is in Washington has a
question for you David race I just
wanted to pursue what you were
discussing a moment ago watching these
soccer matches especially yesterday's
surprise Russian victory against Spain
you couldn't help but think that this is
a very different Russia finally from the
place that your dad warned us about saw
this long arc of history problems that
need to be contained do you have that
same feeling that Russia's maybe
stepping into a different period where
younger Russians are beginning to play
more of a role in their country's life I
do I think I wish they were playing even
more of a role than they are but and
also it's a different time we have the
Internet and the Internet has changed
everything so when I was there as a
child we were totally totally separated
I mean the Russians announced the end of
World War two a day after the rest of
the world and nobody in Russia knew that
couldn't happen today and greates just
to follow up for a second what's the way
in which these younger connected
Russians wanted to live living in this
in the world how do they speak to
President Putin how do they get a more
responsive government do you think
that's possible in their lifetime well
the last time I was in Moscow which was
two years ago people were complaining
about everything but never it was never
Putin's fault it was always the mayor
the governor or somebody under Putin
Putin was somehow exempt from anything
that went wrong but I did notice there
was a big demonstration in Moscow of
young people against the government
interfering with the internet taking
away their internet programs and I think
that may be the beginning of something I
think the younger people were
happy as long as what they liked wasn't
interfered with I think when the
government started interfering with the
internet they cared a lot more and they
don't care about television which is
totally controlled no that's not very
interesting so Jon Meacham has a
question for you as well Jon hi just
curious you know we're a hundred years
away from the Bolshevik Revolution
eighty-five years I guess away from FDR
recognizing the Soviet Union and I think
so
in the living memory plus of most
Americans Russia has either been a
Soviet state or now an oligarchical one
and I'm wondering with your experience
both lived and scholarly can you talk to
us about the Russian character that is
is there is it because of geography is
because of other particular forces that
tend to make it so difficult for the
kinds of institutions that people in the
West value so much to take root there
well I don't think it'll ever be just
like the West it's always going to be
different they have a very different
history as you said they've always
always had an authoritarian government
would maybe the exception of that short
time after the Soviet Union fell apart
but then it became close to chaos and
one thing the Russians hate is chaos
they always are looking for some sort of
order and I think that's why they go for
for heads of state like Putin so what is
the insight message or story that you're
hoping to share in this book well I
think the oh there's a lot of messages
in my book because there's a lot about
being woman and what you can do there
was a lot about taking advantages of
opportunities that come your way it's
not all about Russia and Ukraine but I
think in the Russian part I worked most
of my life that's why I like the title
of the book I worked on trying to end
the
old war that was my goal and I worked on
cultural diplomacy I was the founding
executive director of the u.s. Soviet
Youth Orchestra we bought musicians from
both countries together I worked on a
big photo album a day in the life of the
Soviet Union where we had 100
photographers 50 from the east and 53
West meeting each other and shooting all
over the Soviet Union and one day on one
day so I kept working on things that
people said we're not possible I was
like the fact if something was
impossible then it was what I really
liked working on the book is daughter of
the Cold War Grace Kenan Warneke thank
you very much for being on the show it's
a pleasure to meet you thank you me Ken
it's a great pleasure to be on this very
famous show famous still I had this
morning do Donald Trump's tweets have a
place alongside the Declaration of
Independence yet they do an author
Alexander Hefner's new book and he's
here to explain that also ahead at the
start of the Trump administration NBC's
Vaughn Hilliard left the swamp in
Washington and headed to Louisiana's
where he spoke with crawfish ermine who
put their faith in the President to
clean up their swamp Vaughn recently
went back and spoke with those same
Trump voters a year and a half later
that's ahead on this special edition of
Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
