at the same moment the US Senate was
releasing this report today affirming
and doubling down on the intelligence
community's conclusions about Russia
interfering in our last election in an
unprecedented way at that same moment
look all these Republican senators were
in Russia today talking to the Russian
government about how excited they are to
let bygones be bygones
so we can all start working together
again since we're all such good friends
and we're all pulling in the same
direction anyway I'll BAM Senator
Richard Shelby telling the Russian
government today that he hopes the
meeting between Trump and Putin is quote
going to be very big we know there's
going to be a very there's going to be
we know there's going to be a big
meeting we hope it's going to be very
big between our president and yours and
Helsinki in a few weeks we hope it's
going to be very big what do you mean by
big why are you hoping for bigness what
does that even mean you're meeting with
the Russian government did you plan in
advance what you were going to say we're
hoping it's gonna be a very big meeting
I think it's just gonna be those two
guys what do you mean big but watch
where out senator Shelby really puts the
screws to the Russian senator wait till
you saw the whites of their eyes
as the meeting went on today between all
these Republican senators and officials
from the Russian government the
Washington Post had a reporter there who
says that Senator Shelby told the
speaker of the duma so the Speaker of
the Russian parliament senator Shelby
told him quote I'm not here to accuse
Russia of this or that or so forth quote
I'm saying we should all strive for a
better relationship that's not what the
Russians have been striving for big guy
the list of senators on this trip
includes Senator Richard Shelby of
Alabama Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin
senator Jerry Moran of Kansas Senator
John Hoeven of North Dakota Senator John
Thune of South Dakota senator Steve
Daines of Montana and Senator John
Kennedy of Louisiana Republican member
of the House kay Granger was also a
member of the delegation you'll notice
that those are all Republicans on this
trip more on that in a little bit
among the Russians they all met with was
Sergey Kiss lyac remember him Sergey
kiss laugh was the Russian ambassador to
the United States during the Russian
attack on our election he's the guy who
played such a key role in that
intelligence operation those active
measures he's now back in Moscow
received tons of awards as soon as he
got back he's now an elected official
and so yeah why not hang out with him if
you're a visiting American Sergei kisti
I told the Post today quote the main
thing about all of this is that our
guests travel here in order to talk this
is probably good confirmation of
readiness to start a dialogue to be
clear he presumably means the kind of
dialogue for which you don't need a
secret back channel phone line secure
phone line at the Russian embassy to
talk to Jared Kushner right that was a
different kind of dialogue he was
working on before in his other job the
head of this inexplicable Republican
only congressional delegation to Russia
excuse me ahead of this inexplicable
Russian congressional delegation to
Russia today Bloomberg News reported in
this sort of adorable headline that the
Republicans traveling to Russia quote
hope to tell Putin election meddling has
to stop that's before they went they
hoped to tell Putin that once they
arrived in Russia though the Russian
government told them no sorry Putin
isn't going to have time to meet with
him that was nice but apparently the
whole issue of election meddling didn't
come up another member of the Russian
parliament told The Washington Post that
whatever the Americans told the US press
they hope to do before they got to
Russia once they arrived it didn't quite
go that way quote duma member Vasya
slavi Knopf said that he had met with
many American lawmakers in years past
but this meeting quote was one of the
easiest ones in my life this member of
the Russian parliament told The
Washington Post that the question of
Russia interfering in u.s. elections was
resolved quickly because quote the
question was raised in a general form
he said one should not interfere in
elections well we did not interfere so
the election meddling conversation was
was an easy one one should not interfere
well we don't
another Russian lawmaker bragged to an
NPR correspondent in Moscow that the
visiting Republicans not only didn't
pressure the Russian government about
them monkey-wrenching our election they
also didn't really pressure them about
anything else either quote Russian
Senator Andrei Klimov tells me US
lawmakers did not bring up Crimea during
the Moscow meeting quote I did not hear
the word Crimea once in two hours this
is kind of a weird thing right I mean
these pictures sort of feel strange for
a reason
this actually feels like maybe it might
be a landmark moments in strangeness
after Russia hit our election in 2016
that gave us two big worries as a
country right what one is what that
means in terms of our current president
who they tried to help elect but there's
also the prospect now the expectation
that Russia might keep doing it right
that Russia will keep monkey-wrenching
or elections from here on out they'll
keep monkey-wrenching our elections and
our politics to benefit the Kremlin and
to hurt us as a country those are the
two concerns what does this say about
Trump is he compromised by Russia
why were they interfering to help him
and does he now owe them in some way or
do they have something over him that led
to that campaign of active measures
concerns about Trump right but also
concerns about whether Russia would keep
doing this in future elections
well now concern a and concern B are
coming together because we're heading
toward the 2018 elections just a few
months out Trump administration
officials say they have received no
instructions for protecting the nation
against a rerun of the 2016 Russian
attack but this time on the midterms the
president himself is not only not
warning the Russians that they should
back off and not mess with this election
he's now publicly quoting their denials
that they ever interfered in the first
place in 2016 he apparently believes
them now Trump in the lead up to the
2018 elections he's embarked on this
this remarkable and seemingly rushed run
of giving Russia stuff it wants all
right we've had this long string of
stuff that he has done all in a row
announcing that Russia should be allowed
to rejoin the g7 which it was kicked out
of after it invaded Crimea he's now
saying that maybe the US would formally
recognize that Crimea now belongs to
Russia since they took it the president
unilaterally offering to cancel joint
military exercises between the u.s. and
South Korea it's not necessarily
something that sounds like it directly
applies to Russia but it is something
which Vladimir Putin suggested to
President Trump in a one-on-one phone
call last year he asked him to do it we
now know that President Trump didn't
consult with the US military on that
policy change
or on making the announcement about it
he just did it after Trump was asked by
Putin to do so since then we've learned
that President Trump has also offered
France financial incentives if they too
would leave the European Union just like
the UK did so it'd be like a Freck sit
on top of a brexit Trump says he's
willing to pay France to do that we
learned today that the president sent
letters to every member of NATO
criticizing all of them implicitly
threatening that the u.s. might leave
NATO the sound you just heard in the
distance was Vladimir Putin summoning
his photographers ripping his shirt off
and pounding his chest and delight at
that prospect I mean on top of on top of
all that David Ignatius now reports at
the Washington Post that the big
giveaway Trump appears to be planning
for his one-on-one meeting with Putin in
less than two weeks is to let Russia
have Syria Russia's big ally in the
Middle East is Assad the dictator of
Syria serious seven years into a civil
war Russia has been fighting on the side
of Assad their ally the Syrian dictator
the US before now has been supporting
the rebels who've been fighting against
Assad but apparently that is about to
change we are about to switch sides if
David Ignatius is reporting is correct
he says that the post quote the
catastrophic war in Syria is nearing
what could be a diplomatic end game that
will quote preserve power for Syrian
President Bashar al-assad quote Trump
appears ready to embrace a policy that
will validate Assad an authoritarian
leader who has gassed his own people he
appears ready to abandon a Syrian
opposition that was partly trained and
supplied by the United States quote
Trump's willingness to accede to Russian
power in Syria and to give up hard-won
US gains troubles many Pentagon
officials but they seem to be losing the
argument we don't know exactly why ahead
of this year's midterm elections
president Trump has hastily arranged
this one-on-one summit that he is about
to have with Vladimir Putin we don't
know why ahead of that summit he is
rushing to tick off all of America's
Western allies and rushing to tick off
every foreign policy box you could
conceivably imagine Russia might have in
terms of a wish list from the US
government
but that's what he's doing and before
now I think you could reasonably say
that there was at least a little
awkwardness a little distance between
the Republican Party between other
elected Republican officials and
President Trump on his unnerving and
unswerving desire to do what Russia
Watts all the time right all through
this weird interlude in American history
where the president's ties to a foreign
adversary or as yet unknown and the
subject of a very serious investigation
right all through this time president
Trump's inexplicable closeness to Russia
has really been a president Trump
problem and not a Republican problem
more broadly at best congressional
Republicans were critical of the
president for his stance toward Russia
at times they were even opposing him in
terms of his friendliness toward Russia
at worst they were awkwardly ignoring
his friendliness to Russia and just
pretending it wasn't happening but now
look what happened today I mean a
congressional delegation itself is not a
bad thing congressional delegations
happen all over the world two countries
we get along with in countries we don't
two countries we are allies within
countries we have a beef with but here's
Richard Shelby and all these other
run-of-the-mill Republican senators not
only visiting Russia right now in a
partisan visit no Democrats allowed but
really getting on board with Trump
they're saying you know we don't need to
be adversaries you literally said that
we don't need to be adversaries senator
Shelby told the head of the Russian
parliament today I'm not here today to
accuse Russia of this or that or so
forth
we're here striving for a better
relationship that used to be something
that only Trump would say but now that
has apparently also been stuffed into
the mouth of the chairman of the Senate
Appropriations Committee and everybody
else on this trip with him what's going
on here
hey they're armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
