well as America approaches its annual
day of celebrating our independence it
is worth emphasizing that this is not
Donald Trump's America the president
does sometimes try to behave like a king
he tries to behave like he owns the
place but what we are celebrating
tomorrow is independence from a king and
there is no figurative or poetic sense
in which this is Donald Trump's America
the picture that new polling presents is
largely a country that opposes president
Trump a new Quinnipiac poll tonight
shows that 55% of Americans disapprove
of the job Donald Trump is doing as
president and some of that disapproval
is now coming from Republican senators
finally which we will get to in a moment
but there's another unique entry in this
new Trump poll it is an achievement that
belongs to Donald Trump and Donald Trump
alone in the history of Quinnipiac polls
in the history of all presidential polls
Donald Trump has won the highest number
of people in the history of presidential
polling who say the President of the
United States is a racist in the new
Quinnipiac poll 49% of voters say the
president is a racist 47% say they don't
think he is in the history of
presidential polling no one is a close
second to Donald Trump on the racist
question in fact as far as we've been
able to find in our research about
polling today there's no one in second
place because the question has never
been asked in polling about any other
president the racism of Donald Trump as
perceived by half of the country is not
what is bothering Republican senators
about Donald Trump some of them are
making comments about the president
unlike anything they have ever said
consider the chairman of the Senate
Finance Committee Orrin Hatch and
remember that orrin hatch is the senator
who said this about Donald Trump
we're gonna keep fighting and we're
gonna make this the greatest presidency
that we've seen not only in generations
it may be ever so the only member of
Congress and possibly the only American
not named Trump who has said that Donald
Trump could be the best president ever
is now saying something that doesn't
sound like orrin hatch at all
I actually don't recognize the current
Trump supporting version of orrin hatch
the orrin hatch who I knew and saw
virtually every day when I was working
on the Senate Finance Committee in the
1990s was one of the reasonable and
sometimes cooperative and compromising
Republicans on the committee who helped
get the committee's work done especially
on matters of international trade and
orrin hatch has always been the
quintessential representative of
mild-mannered Utah politeness in the
United States Senate so imagine my shock
when I read Orrin Hatch saying I'd like
to kill him in Politico Orrin Hatch
would like to kill the Trump tariffs
according to Politico Republican
senators say they can't get the
president to comprehend that his tariffs
his tariffs offensive could damage the
American economy and so there is a
rebellion brewing among Republican
senators on the Trump tariffs and this
could be the thing that pushes Donald
Trump's disapproval rating even higher
according to the Des Moines Register
Iowa's soybean farmers could lose up to
six hundred and twenty four million
dollars in export revenue because of
retaliatory tariffs on soybeans Iowa's
junior senator Republican Joni Ernst
told POLITICO we want to support the
president my constituents want to
support the president as well but they
can only keep that stiff upper lip
before things collapse we're not quite
at that point but it's rapidly approach
approaching so the new definition of
representing your state as a Republican
in the United States Senate seems to be
stick with Donald Trump until your state
collapses
Joni Ernst apparently has no intention
of abandoning the president before the
collapse of Iowa she seems to be saying
she will have to see the complete
collapse of the farm economy in Iowa for
her to abandon the president Donald
Trump came in second in the Iowa
caucuses at the beginning of the
presidential campaign if he keeps up his
trade war with the world Donald Trump
just might find a way to come in second
in the Iowa caucuses again in 2020
leading off our discussion now Jared
Bernstein senior fellow at the Center
for Budget and Policy Priorities he was
a chief economist and economic policy
adviser to Vice President Biden also us
near attend and president of the Center
for American Progress she was Hillary
Clinton's policy director during the
2008 presidential campaign and John
Harwood as well if he's the
editor-at-large for CNBC and John
Harwood I wanted to start with you
because the Commerce Secretary said on
CNBC that there is no drop in the stock
market dramatic enough there's no way
any of the changes in the stock market
that we're seeing could possibly affect
the president's commitment to his
tariffs but we must stipulate that he is
only the Secretary of Commerce which
means he like the rest of us has no idea
what Donald Trump's going to do tomorrow
on tariffs well Donald Trump may have no
idea what Donald Trump's gonna be wrong
on tariffs this is somebody who does not
have a firm grasp of policy issues of
the implications of his policies he acts
on gut instinct and impulse and he has
had anti-free trade impulses for quite a
long time but this is deeply irrational
from the standpoint of somebody who's
leading a country who wants to have a
strong economy who wants to protect his
constituents who wants to get reelected
because of the damage in the Midwest if
he goes ahead with the national security
linked Auto tariffs he's talking about
the agricultural Midwest
Iowa and other places if he sticks with
this tariff war it makes no sense
economically and and it's also
counterproductive politically
nevertheless the president's doing it
and it makes you wonder is he actually
acting rationally while doing this we
don't know Munir attended the the
president's statements on trade were not
very specific during the campaign it was
all about just ripping up NAFTA and
getting rid of the trans-pacific
partnership just getting rid of these
agreements that are kind of large and
complex agreements but he never really
said what he would do what is place he
never went around the country
campaigning saying I am going to impose
through tariffs what are in effect
massive sales taxes on American
consumers who buy anything made outside
of the United States and he also didn't
say I am going to threaten the jobs have
lots of farmers and lots of people
manufacturers and the reality of what
we're dealing with dealt with Donald
Trump is for some reason that's really
hard to fathom he's decided to go to
have a trade war with our closest allies
Canada Europe he's essentially and at
the same time hurting Americans and I
have to just state this his health care
bill went after rural white voters in
places like Iowa and the Midwest
throughout the south now his trade
policies are targeting farmers lots of
manufacturers throughout the country
nail'd producers are going out of
business it's as if he's taking a
wrecking ball to the lives and fortunes
of the people who actually just voted
for him and really testing essentially
how much of a lemming they're gonna be
in support of him as much as he hurts
them Jared Bernstein it seems the
president has discovered that he has a
power that he can you
without consulting anyone he discovered
that in the pardon power to his delight
which seems to be what he likes most
about pardons as well as possibly
signalling future criminal defendants
who are friends of his that they might
be getting pardons but he found the
loophole his staff found the loophole in
American trade law in section 232 that
allows the President to impose tariffs
only only as a matter of national
security and none of the tariffs that
the president has imposed are announced
his intention to impose actually involve
national security and so at a certain
point the Republicans in the Senate who
have always objected to this kind of
thing are finally beginning to find
their voices but their voices at this
point seem to be whispering yeah I agree
with you Canada is not a security threat
me there's the European Union and in
fact if anything the president seems to
embrace leaders who are threats and go
after ones who aren't look the the
Senate has long folded conservatives and
Republicans in the face of Trumpy and
chaos even when it comes to matters of
the well-being of their own constituents
you know we used to say in Washington
follow the money we'll follow the
soybeans right now because a lot of
farmers income is at stake and you know
Donald Trump said he doesn't like all
those German cars on the street that's
what motivated his potential auto
tariffs well do you know where the
biggest BMW Factory is in the world it's
in Spartanburg South Carolina and by the
way American auto producers Ford
Chrysler GM uniformly opposed Auto
tariffs why you think it would help
their competitiveness because every
single car on the road now including the
ones that American producers build has
lots of foreign imports and if their
price of every one of them goes up 20%
that's going to be a cost they're going
to have to pass on to consumers it's
chaotic destructive policy that is not
going to help people who've been hurt by
trade people who really need help by the
way it's going to hurt them and Lauren
and go ahead I was just going to say
it may be that President Trump in this
situation cares more about trying to
exert his personal dominance over
another leader than he does about the
fate of his own constituents and their
economic well-being he he loves to
engage on a personal basis he he makes
decisions based on how he feels about
someone personally and we've seen with
Justin Trudeau that he has tried to in
effect say I'm bigger than you
he done the same thing with Angela
Merkel Teresa may he may be trying to
use this power that he possesses
uniquely with a justification even if
it's bogus to try to assert that he can
dominate them go ahead Mir I would just
quickly add what's crazy about the
situation is Donald Trump himself is
basically hurting soybean manufacturers
soybean farmers manufacturers throughout
this country lots of people lots of
Americans who are struggling to get by
while at the same time basically doing
ads for China ZTE which it's just you
know I've never heard or seen anything
like it where an American president is
hurting American companies and workers
and basically helping a Chinese company
the one thing I would oh sure so the one
thing I would add is that we actually
have a pretty good looking macro economy
right now the unemployment rate is low
growth rates are pretty stable and the
best thing I can say about the Trump
contribution of the economies he hasn't
screwed it up yet but he seems to be
trying pretty hard to do so John I was
going to point out I'm glad Neera
brought up ZTE because ZTE is the only
issue that anyone in Washington has
looked at and said there are some
national security concerns with that the
most of China trade involves absolutely
no security concerns whatsoever and so
the Trump tariffs are illegal by our own
definition because they do not meet the
national security standard they do
violate the World Trade Organization
own definitions of you of correct use of
cherubs but there has been astonishing
support for this seizure this
presidential seizure of congressional
power astonishing support from Democrats
Chuck Schumer actually said in regards
the China tariffs President Trump is
right on target that was chunk Schumer's
reaction to it and last week when some
Republicans were trying to get an
amendment going on the agriculture bill
to restrict the president's power to
increase tariffs through through this
loophole sherrod Brown Democrat stood up
and opposed and blocked that amendment
that was an amendment to limit Donald
Trump's illegal use of presidential
power and that illegal use of
presidential power was supported on the
Senate floor by Democrats well look a
lot of people want to get tough with
China and China is the legitimate bad
actor in international trade that we
have big grievances that they're theft
of intellectual property the
restrictions they place on American
investment in China and that's what
makes the ZTE case that you mentioned so
striking it's a real national security
case he's gone the other way and because
of the other extraordinary feature of
Trump's presidency that is he continues
to make money as president with his
businesses although he's not managing
them overseas and so the Chinese
government's lending five hundred
million dollars to a Trump project in
Indonesia dozens of trademarks have been
granted to Donald Trump and Ivanka Trump
business initiatives in China is that
why he is supporting ZTE it's difficult
to figure that out and nobody really
knows the answer but it's certainly
something that goes diametrically
against the national security interests
of the United States when he is
erroneously citing them in other areas I
mean you just want to get your political
reaction to Democrats on the Senate
floor like sherrod Brown
also Chuck Schumer supporting the
president in what is clearly an illegal
use of the national security loophole in
trade law and supporting President Trump
in a seizure of what is supposed to be
Senate and congressional power I think
anyone who supports Donald Trump's
illegal use of the rules the things he's
doing to basically a firm his agenda at
the expense of real Nash security
threats like ZTE itself you know
Democrats should not do that and I
appreciate in a lot of parts of the
country trade is a hard issue and John
Herbert is absolutely right trade with
China is a much more legitimate issue
than a phony trade war with Canada or
Europe and when the president has a
phony trade war and has phony Nash
security reasons for a trade war with
our closest allies Democrats should have
stand up to that but I think what's also
really important is you know we have to
ensure that we at some point get some
investigatory power because at this
point we have a president who has a
trade policy that hurts Americans and
helps his own pocketbook that's that we
have at least reasons to ask questions
about that and because the Republicans
won't do any investigations Americans
don't really know at the end of the day
whether the ZTE deal or other things
Trump is doing is actually helping
himself at the expense of voters Jared
Bernstein the the American government
has done very well in the World Trade
Organization when it comes to trade
disputes it wins almost all of them and
it's always prosecuting these trade
disputes against countries that are
violating the rules now the United
States of America is violating the rules
in a grander more open way than we have
ever seen any other country do there
have been other countries try to violate
the rules they try to do it secretly
here is the president United States
doing it publicly what does that do to a
America's position in the World Trade
Organization
going forward well I think it makes it
obviously extremely difficult for us to
argue for a rules-based system of
international trading and it's that very
system that trumps chaos is throwing a
wrench into and by the way as I've tried
to stress in earlier comments there are
definitely Americans who have been hurt
by the fact that we've run large trade
deficits for many years and Donald Trump
connected with those people during the
campaign they voted for him now he's
hurting them when it comes to the WTO
however you know looking tough
disobeying dismissing the WTO for Donald
Trump is a feature not a bug he views
the WTO as a an anarchic or organization
that has no more relevance in in his
kind of make it up as you go along a
trade regime and and so I think what
what the problem ends up being at the
end of the day is that initially
everybody thought he was just blow ba
ting I'm talking about our trading
partners then they started to talk about
retaliation now they're moving into a
mode of really fighting back
tough and so I think the problem of
retaliation to these measures is enough
to really shave some significant growth
off the US economy if we keep going down
the same path we're going on we really
haven't seen that yet but if Donald
Trump gets his way with a trade war of
the magnitude that I fear he's seeking
we're all gonna feel it in our
pocketbooks that'll have to be the end
of the first round Jared Bernstein near
at 10:00 and John Harwood thank you for
joining us at the beginning here tonight
really appreciate thanks for checking
out our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
