thing one tonight it has been tough out
there for the president's defenders
first homeland security secretary
Kristen Nielsen had to leave a Mexican
restaurant when protesters confronted
her and chanted at her over separating
kids from parents of the border and then
senior policy adviser Stephen Miller an
anti immigration policy architect was
called a fascist when he decided to dine
at a Mexican restaurant even press
secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders who
spent so many hours defending Trump
policies was asked to leave a
farm-to-table restaurant in Virginia
after the owner consulted with her
waitstaff and comped her cheese plate
but perhaps no one no one has had a
tougher right now the renowned Harvard
lawyer and Trump defender Alan
Dershowitz who is now fighting back
against his public detractors by writing
an entire op-ed against quote those who
shunned me on Martha's Vineyard that's
that you do in 60 seconds
alan dershowitz is upset riding at an
op-ed last week that just because he's
quote defended Trump's civil liberties
some people don't want to hang out with
him anymore specifically some of the
people he normally hangs out with on the
elite Martha's Vineyard social circuit
quote they are shunning me and trying to
ban me from their social life on
Martha's Vineyard one of them has told
people that he would not attend any
dinner or party to which I was invited
and according to Dershowitz this is all
familiar to me since I lived through
McCarthyism in the 1950s I never thought
I would see McCarthyism come to Martha's
Vineyard but I have after much mocking
on the Internet including a go fund me
campaign with a five million dollar goal
to buy alan some new friends alan
dershowitz came out swinging defending
his op-ed to the Martha's Vineyard Times
today telling the paper I'm not
complaining I'm not lamenting that his
support of what he calls trumps civil
liberties quote for me it's a Red Badge
of Courage if Alan Dershowitz ever feels
like it's all just too much on Martha's
Vineyard Mara Lago is lovely this time
of year
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
