actually does protect our environment
I'm changing
putting our children
so you can add EPA Administrator Scott
Pruett to the list of Trump officials to
be confronted in a restaurant over the
last few weeks but what's worse for
Pruett that might not even have been the
worst part of his day take this the
Washington Post revealed two of his top
aides have provided fresh details to
congressional investigators in recent
days about some of his most
controversial spending and management
decisions here's the second paragraph of
the story count of any ethics questions
come up in a single sentence the Trump
administration appointees described one
an administrator who sought a salary
that topped $200,000 for his wife and
two accepted help from a subordinate in
that job search three requested aid from
senior EPA officials in a dispute with
the Washington landlord and four
disregarded concerns about his
first-class travel for nearly anyone
else at nearly any other time this would
be career threatening but for fruit it's
just another day at the EPA this isn't
his first time at the rodeo or even his
second or his third in fact over the
last few months Pruett has faced an
onslaught of negative press over actions
he's taken during his during his
political career especially things he's
done in his current post from spending
taxpayer dollars on fountain pens
wanting a soundproof phone booth and
something called tactical pants I'm
gonna have to google that myself to
having a top aide try to get a
chick-fil-a franchise for his wife
people are now shouting from the
rooftops how does this man still have a
job working for a press and media
obsessed President Bill Kristol is back
with us and Bill I'm going to let you
take the first stab at that how is he
still there yeah I don't really know
honestly it's not as if they can't get
someone else in there who has you know
conservative views on how the EPA should
go about regulating and so forth there
plenty of people who have through its
views it wouldn't have all that baggage
to pick someone at a rally who would
agree with who would agree with that and
not have this much I mean I ya know I
mean it shows it away though how we once
Trump decides to be stubborn for all the
media pressure and people coming up to
restaurants and even some congressional
pressure if you have if you control both
houses of Congress and if you don't have
serious oversight to me the house
because the Republicans
above and I've got to say the Democrats
are just on a miserable job even though
they're in the minority of causing
troubles trying to insist on hearings
causing a ruckus when there aren't
hearings and so forth you hear almost
nothing from anyone right so this
teacher goes up to Pruitt in a
restaurant but it's any senior maybe
I've missed it but have senior Democrats
in the house are set up and it all
effective and calling this and instead
of making more of a fuss about this I I
chop this helped a lot by the
incompetence honestly of the Democrats
but I mean bill makes a good point but
even Republicans have become critics and
that this is the former acting director
of the US Office of government ethics
new work for Bush and Obama who says
that prude is a gift that keeps on
giving in terms of examples of how
senior government officials particularly
in this administration abused their
power in their position and really treat
the government's resources of which the
most value Bible our personnel as
personal servants if we were talking
about any other federal employee it
would be that person supervisor to take
disciplinary action this falls squarely
on the shoulders of the president he
seems to do nothing we go out of his way
to praise Scott Pruitt the story the
story that I found particularly
discussing this week it's the one from
Fox where he told two employees to pay
for his hotel and said I'll get you back
and then he didn't yeah he's like
Horrible Bosses Washington Edition like
I don't understand how members of the
Senate aren't like it's not just as Bill
Christmas it's not just you can find
someone else to do this position but
Scott Pruett is gonna start showing up
the campaign ads Scott Pruett is going
to be used against Republicans this fall
like there is no value that he brings to
this administration that is outweighed
by the scandals that he's causing and
all he does is sort of damage and bring
down anything else of the Republicans
trying to do something there's a creepy
factor I'm sorry there's nothing normal
about what I got before I had a LGA
they've got those little phone I think
they're called jabber boxes I always see
them I'm like let's just buy him one of
these I this is a lack of self
sufficiency wanting the cream I mean
that's super weird from the there is a
weird factor that it's the bad headlines
but enough and the idea that you could
pick any man
a woman out of any or child I didn't eat
rum for a lie and they could they could
do the same job without getting all that
bad press there's a wierdo factor to
this guy Oh a total weirdo factor I'm
not looking for President Trump to fire
him and I'm not looking for Democrats to
say anything about him because why let
him just be crushed by the weight of his
own scandal turn them into campaign ads
so they can show the culture of
corruption that is not owned that is the
Trump administration and you just asked
a moment ago what are tactical pants so
while you were talking to everybody
tactical gear you're gonna love this
description tactical pants guide at a
glance tactical pants appear to be a
simple cargo yet upon closer inspection
one fine strategic placement of an array
of pockets tailored for the real-life
action figure come out of my mouth I'm
sticky with it let me ask you an ethical
lapses become legal concerns yeah and so
that's maybe the check just like Muller
is doing some of the checking that
progressional Republicans should be
doing on the president a prosecutor can
check through it and so it's against the
law to self deal you can't use your
government job to try to get people to
hook you up
some congressmen have referred it to the
IG so the next step after an
investigation would be a referral to a
criminal prosecution wouldn't call you
worked in the District of Columbia you
work for the federal grub in the White
House so you know that any regular GS 8
or 9 would have been fired fast was my
ethics officer I heard you Christel
trying to get back in yeah I just think
honestly though people are kidding
themselves so they think Scott Pruitt's
gonna be in a lot of ads I've been on
some campaigns no one's gonna advise the
candidate to put up 30-second ads about
an EPA Administrator no one's heard of
it would take 28 seconds to even explain
this get off we the Weekly Standard
called for Pruett to resign or be fired
we reiterated that call yesterday so I
am appalled by Pruitt's behavior but the
system doesn't correct itself and this
is where members of Congress have more
clout you know even if you're in the
minority you can threaten to hold up
appropriations you can do all kinds of
things that are
from us sitting around saying boy can
you believe this headline I can you
believe that headline I think
Republicans should do it I'm embarrassed
the Republicans have done so little but
honestly there are 49 Democrats in the
Senate that we couldn't a couple of them
make this their theme and hammer away at
it that they really have been so passive
on this as on other issues I think and
11 you make a good point I mean the
political argument seems to be the only
thing that holds any water with this
White House and there is a political
case to be made that he is that the
Prewitt is so so against brand mean he's
against the Trump brand in every way
he's he's the swampy guy they've got he
seems like you Donald Trump likes rich
guys like Gary Cohen he's he's always
trying to scam everything he's got his
aides putting hotel rooms on their
personal credit cards I don't even know
if that's legal he you know he's so
against everything that Donald Trump ran
on I won't say believed in because who
knows what he believes in but he's
certainly against the Trump political
brand do you think that at any point
will bring you you know make his job
less secure bill yeah it's possible
Trump you know does turn on people and
takes his time usually but eventually
gets rid of them's right it'd be kind of
amazing if John Kelly goes next month
though and if others come and go and
Pruitt's hang in there I mean look it's
pretty appalling but on the other hand
with Donald Trump as president nighted
States and look at what he does every
day and what he gets away with every day
and every week and so I even I feel a
little silly sitting here being all
indignant about the EPA Administrator
wait no seriously when chopping some
things trumpet some things that are much
worse yeah yeah and you're right HR
McMaster I couldn't stay a bit through
it can hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
