gulia quite a headline here take us
through the details is this something
that's being discussed as a possible
strategy is this something that's
happening right now at the border so
what it is is a forum Steve and I've got
it right here
we just posted it on Twitter if anyone
wants to take a closer look but
basically it would give parents who are
in detention now who have already gone
through the criminal process but who
might not have finished their asylum
claims to one of two choices they can
either sign here and say they're
requesting to reunite with their
children or child for the purposes of
repatriation that's deportation that's
going back to their country of
citizenship or they can say I'm
affirmative Lee knowingly and
voluntarily requesting to return to my
country of citizenship without my child
the reason they might take that second
option Steve is if they want their child
to have the chance of asylum if they
want that process to be able to play out
here for their child in the United
States but it doesn't give the option to
appeal to an immigration judge to hear
their Asylum claim and it also as we
understand this form has been given to
people who have passed their initial
asylum claim and then would be having a
case pending before a judge that doesn't
rule out the possibility there could be
some people who have simply not been
criminally prosecuted and they don't
have a final order of deportation but we
know that because that criminal process
occurs much more quickly there's likely
a wide gap of people who have that final
order but have not been able to get
their asylum claim completely
adjudicated so it's a tough choice these
parents are having to decide do they
leave with their children or did they
leave their children here and give them
perhaps a chance to become the United
States asylum seekers and yeah just to
make sure we're clear on what's going on
there there's sort of parallel things
that are happening here but at different
speeds and one is you're saying criminal
proceedings because you're talking about
folks who are apprehended crossing the
border illegally and then the second
aspect of that is saying okay but
they're making an asylum claim that they
want to come to this country to escape
something where they came from you say
the criminal one is going quickly
finishing up and then leaving them with
this choice is that what this is yeah
that's right and it's a really confusing
place it's one that we've never really
been in before because typically most
families who are
Crossing and claiming asylum we're just
being charged with misdemeanors it's
just crossing the border illegally once
and they wouldn't have even gone through
those criminal proceedings but under the
zero-tolerance policy that Trump started
in May that meant that all of those
families are separated and they would go
through that criminal process so it was
kind of unclear for a while how they
would be reunited this still doesn't
tell us the whole picture how every
family will be reunited but for a large
portion of them it seems that they will
have to leave the country in order to
see their children again in Jonathan
meanwhile the politics domestically the
Trump administration trying to talk less
about family separation and more about
the Democrats and the movement on the
left of that party and in some
democratic elected officials now joining
it to abolish ice immigrations and
Customs Enforcement the White House
tweeting out against Elizabeth Warren
Kamala Harris both presidential
candidate prospects for 2020 what do you
read into what the White House is doing
here well let me just say first of all
this is really important reporting from
julia and our colleague Jacob Soboroff
and it ties into this question
tremendously because the president has
been on a streak of failing to get done
what he wants on immigration first he
wanted the separation policy at the
border as a deterrent
then he retreated from that now we're
seeing it we were up again and obviously
a lot of those families that were
separated still have not been brought
together this difficult choice they're
facing you saw to house immigration
bills that he had voiced support for go
down in the house this was an issue that
was dividing his party it was one where
he was not fulfilling his promises to
build a border wall Lisa hasn't yet not
not fulfilling the promise to stop
illegal immigration which he is not done
yet and not getting any movement in the
legislature now with the abolish
eyestalk from Democrats president
Trump's allies are very excited about
the prospects of him taking on Democrats
on this they want to fight Democrats
some Democrats want to fight on abolish
ice so does President Trump I spoke to a
former White House official today who
basically described it as a gift to
Republicans to be able to pivot
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
