when you hear Roby wait you instantly
think of abortion well it's much more
than that actually in 1973 roe v wade
recognized a woman's constitutional
right to an abortion but the ruling was
actually much broader it gave women the
privacy to make their own medical
decision saying that that was protected
under the Fourteenth Amendment so let's
talk about privacy
after roe v wade came down it
established that women and men for that
matter have a fundamental constitutional
right to privacy the decision was used
to smack down old laws it was a factor
in getting rid of a Texas law making it
illegal for men to have sex with each
other and another law making it illegal
for unmarried women to live with their
boyfriends roe v wade was used to defend
not only abortions but also extends to
other medical decisions like the right
to use alternative medicines that were
unproven and even the right to die also
now at risk if Roby way is overturned
birth control and in vitro fertilization
this is due to proposed personhood laws
saying people are afforded right
starting the very moment an egg is
fertilized by sperm meaning some common
form forms of birth control like the
pill and IUD could be legal it could be
illegal just a good reminder that roe v
wade is not just about abortion but it's
also about the privacy of women and men
to make intimate decisions joining me
now is Mary Ziegler she's a law
professor and the author of beyond
abortion roe v wade and the battle for
privacy Amy thanks for thanks for being
with us Mary Mary I'm sorry thank you
for being with us you wrote an opinion
piece in The New York Times earlier this
year about roe v wade and privacy tell
us more about how this abortion ruling
influenced things like gay and lesbian
rights as well as unmarried women living
with with men
toom they're not married sure he's right
after Roe was decided people seized on
the fact that Roe said that the right to
privacy was broad enough to encompass a
woman's right to choose and I think what
interested a lot of social activists at
the time was this idea that the right to
privacy could be even broader than Roe
had suggested so after Roe you saw a
pretty broad range of activists really
on the right and left using rode to
argue for new ideas about the right to
privacy unless you mentioned this
included a right to sexual intimacy for
unmarried women for gays and lesbians
it included a right for consumers to try
untested medicines when other options
had ran out
it included a right for mental patients
to receive better treatment the right to
die so there was a lot of new thinking
about what our privacy politics could
look like even I think significantly now
given the world we live in with
Cambridge analytic a a right to date to
control data or data privacy so all of
those ideas were available after Roe and
people used Roe and making those
important arguments I guess that's the
argument about it being established law
that the Supreme Court rules on it it
becomes law and it becomes the basis for
other decisions that are made by lower
courts and sometimes by the Supreme
Court itself right exactly I think the
challenge of about the established law
argument of course is as I traced in my
book the attack on Roe began as soon as
Roe came down and of course the Supreme
Court has modified and chipped away at
Roe in various ways even while Anthony
Kennedy was on the court so I think
we're gonna have a debate about what we
mean by precedent when we're talking
about the future of Roe in the future of
legal abortion and while we have you
here because you're an expert on this
it's useful to to understand the
argument people say people who are
against abortion rights or roe v wade
say roe v wade wasn't in the
constitution doesn't explicitly protect
the right to an abortion so when they
made reference to the 14th amendment
what exactly is roe v wade saying that
people have a right to it's a right
about the right to make decisions about
whether or not to end a pregnancy and
when the court in Roe was looking at
that right they were looking not so much
at the text of the Constitution but at
all of the many precedents in which Roe
was grounded so these included the right
to choose to use contraception whether
you're an individual or whether you're
married even rights involving things
like whom you marry or whether you marry
so there's sort of a larger network of
decisions about personal liberty in the
home and the family
when it comes to reproduction and so one
of the interesting questions I think
going forward is if the Supreme Court is
going to overrule Roe are they going to
do it in a way that threatens for
example contraception or in vitro
fertilization where are they going to be
able to kind of successfully have an
abortion in a way I think that would be
less
we rescue sir hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
