clock is ticking folks were just six
days away from president Trump
announcing his picture replaced Supreme
Court Justice Anthony Kennedy and he's
not wasting any time meeting with
potential replacements the president
actually met with four possible picks
yesterday 45 minutes each and while he
wouldn't name names he was quick to
praise their credentials they are
outstanding people they are really
incredible people in so many different
ways academically in every other way
I'll be meeting with two or three more
and we'll make a decision on the United
States Supreme Court the new justice
that will be made over the next few days
and we'll be announcing it on Monday now
the Washington Post reports the
president met with these four federal
appeals judges Brett Kavanaugh Amy Kony
Barrett emulsifier and Raymond Catholic
and there's a new poll out on one of the
biggest issues surrounding this decision
the impact on roe v wade morning consult
Politico reveals 52% of voters want the
next Supreme Court justice to support
abortion rights and then you break it
down by party 73% of Democrats 49% of
independents a majority of Republicans
though 54% want the new justice to
oppose abortion rights joining me MSNBC
contributor and New York Times reporter
Jeremy Peters my panel is back with me
so Jeremy who are you talking to what
are your sources telling you about how
the president is actually narrowing down
this shortlist well Chris Cavanaugh and
kony Barrett seem to have the inside
track it's all going to come down to I
think what their published opinions and
writings are going to do to the
confirmation process and just how
contentious they make it something
counterintuitive to consider here a me
koni Barrett you know is is somebody who
is known to be deeply religious she's a
Catholic she belongs to a very small
tight-knit group called people of praise
that has received some scrutiny lately
for some of its less Orthodox beliefs
taking a lifetime loyalty oath to the
organization
basically preaching an ideology that
says the husband is the head of the wife
in the family unit you know that's all
gonna come out in a way that when the
wife is the Supreme Court point being
that the Republicans are eager to make
this a fight over a religious test they
want to make the Democrats look
intolerant when it comes to people of
faith and they would love nothing more
than another moment like you saw in
Coney Barrett's confirmation hearing for
the appeals court position when Dianne
Feinstein seemed to belittle her faith
saying the dogma runs deep in you so
while that may seem like the kind of
messy confirmation process the president
wants to avoid there's actually a school
of thought that that might be good for
the Republican Party because that would
really fire up the base at the end of
the 28th can say that and and obviously
the other big thing is abortion you know
they're there you have said not enough
attention is being paid to what what
President Trump said over the weekend
about abortion rights during that Fox
News interview I just want to play that
key part of it
well the campaign trail you said you
would leave it to the states well maybe
some day it will be to the States you
never know how that's going to turn out
that's a very complex question the Rovi
were you know Wade is probably the one
that people are talking about in terms
of having an effect but we'll see what
happens but it could very well end up
with States at some point so what did
that strike you Jeremy
well I it's it's actually consistent
with what President Trump has said
before I was just kind of struck to hear
him say that as he has this short list
in front of him and a very real vacancy
he's made no secret that he doesn't see
an issue with the state's deciding on
the legality of abortion which
effectively means that roe v wade is
overturned you know I think though that
when you look at his list of nominees or
forget about the list even Chris
look at the letter that president then
candidate Trump sent to leaders of the
pro-life groups back in the middle of
his campaign when he pledged in writing
to support an appoint pro-life judges to
the Supreme Court we pretty much know
what kind of justice we are going to get
when it comes down to the issue of Roe
well I think the other thing we know
from exit polling in 2016 Noelle is
exactly how many Republicans and how
many evangelicals voted on this issue as
their number-one issue the Supreme Court
I mean it was significant but I just
have a little surprised by these numbers
and I'm curious about your reaction 73%
of Democrats want the next Supreme Court
justice to support abortion rights I
thought it would be higher actually and
54% of Republicans want the new justice
to oppose abortion rights I also thought
that would be higher yeah I did too
because especially when you look at the
base of the GOP which is you know made
up of a lot of evangelicals and back to
your original point which I'm so glad
you brought this up was the fact that
during the election when people had to
choose between Hillary and Trump a lot
of Republicans were uncomfortable with a
lot of the things that President Trump
had either said or activities he worried
he was accused of and one of the key
reasons people were asking why are these
evangelicals coming out and voting for
someone like Donald Trump was the fact
that they're looking at Supreme Court oh
there they will say very openly
he has vindicated stuff we talked about
the Supreme Court but you look at who
he's placed on the federal bench which
is the farm team right for the but not
only are we talking about somebody who
at 40 or 45 could serve a supreme court
justice to write you know 40 years
literally 40 45 years but you're also
looking at then other federal judges who
later on could potentially also serve in
that role and I don't know Caitlyn I
think the president has said the the
shortlist includes two women there's
also been a lot of talk about how that
would optically
and in terms of
be a good thing for him why well he
wants to remember pressure red state
Democrats right who three of them voted
for judge Gorsuch he's putting pressure
on that one of them includes of course
Heidi Heidi camp of North Dakota I think
what's really interesting here as it
pertains to women and and the role in
this nomination fight we know that on
the Democratic side women have certainly
been driving the energy and you know the
mobilization effort for Democratic
candidates and when you talk to
Democrats they're very much focused on
highlighting the issue of roe v-- wade
in order to energize that force to put
pressure not only on all of the
Democrats trying to keep all of those 49
Democrats together but also putting
pressure on people like lisa murkowski
susan collins and so that's where they
see the pressure point is when it
relates to it and over on the Democratic
side let's let's also note Jeffrey that
they're putting together a number of a
number of different organizations have
millions of dollars that and they've
already been looking at this list the
president put this list out by the way
on the campaign trail they said thank
you very much it gives us a little time
to do our background research but
Jeffrey Toobin in The New Yorker
outlines how he thinks that trumps pick
could actually undo Justice Kennedy's
legacy and we know how hard they work to
tell Justice Kennedy that this is going
to be legacy affirming quote it will
overrule roe v wade it will allow shop
keepers Restaurant tours hotel owners to
refuse service to gay customers on
religious grounds it will guarantee that
fewer african-american and Latino
students attend elite universities it
will approve laws designed to hinder
voting rights it will sanction execution
by grotesque means it will invoke the
second amendment to prohibit States from
engaging in gun control including the
regulation of machine guns and bump
stocks is that a little bit of hyperbole
or at least on the left is that really
the view of what's to come I think the
left is in a real quandary here they
have never really been able to organize
very
effectively around the idea of the
supreme of course it's always been
something that's far more central to the
political culture and the DNA of the
right now I wonder if that changes I
think with roe v-- wade on the line you
are going to see Democratic groups
women's groups everybody from Emily's
list to the National Organization for
Women to Planned Parenthood really
galvanized because it's real now the
idea that roe v wade is one vote away
from being struck down is is going to
send a panic in to just break you use
though it's very instructive to see
whether they will it's not like we
didn't know this was coming it's not
like whether you're on the right or the
left right once Donald Trump got elected
it was pretty clear that at some point
he was going well first of all Mitch
McConnell made it clear that he was
going to be able to point at least one
Supreme Court justice which obviously he
has with Gorsuch but that there would be
maybe two or even three coming so if
they're talking about what they're gonna
do now why why wasn't that something
that was ready to roll the minute this
happened the minute Justice Kennedy put
his letter of resignation in I think a
lot of it has to do with complacency
Chris the right is so used to being on
the losing end of the culture wars at
the Supreme Court in fact they were
often at the losing end due to Justice
Kennedy's vote so they're just much more
revved up about this and they are going
to be in a fighting mood going into
November now the question is whether or
not the left is able to match that
intensity and I think really the jury is
out at this point
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
