happy to have you with us tonight ready
mm-hmm
quote in the matter of search warrants
executed on April 9th 2018 case file 18
- MJ - three one six one k kmw actually
don't know if that's a case file case
number I don't know what that number is
it's an official-looking number at the
top of this and there it is 18 - MJ - 31
61 I don't know what that means
then there's the headline special master
report Barbara s Jones Special Master
the court appointed the Honorable
Barbara s Jones retired federal judge as
Special Master to render decisions
regarding privilege issues related to
materials seized in the execution of
certain search warrants on April 9th
2018 henceforth described in this
document as the seized materials this
report is submitted to provide the court
and the parties with an update of the
special masters progress for so it to
the court's order dated June 26 2018 the
plaintiff and intervenors have submitted
designations to the Special Master for
items in their possession with the
exception of twenty two thousand six
hundred and thirty three items currently
being reviewed by the Trump Organization
that review must be completed on or
before July fifth which is Thursday
quote once the Trump Organization
submits its designations any remaining
items that are not designated privileged
partially privileged or highly personal
will be promptly released to the
government and then there's this quote a
release of 1 million three hundred and
ten thousand three hundred and sixty
five items that were not designated
privileged partially partially
privileged or highly personal by the
plaintiff or an intervenor was made to
the government today all right that's
pretty much the whole special master
report signed by Barbra Jones this is
posted in the public docket in federal
court in New York today what this order
means is that a big part of the Michael
Cohen that legal story is wrapping up on
April 9th federal agents working in
conjunction with federal prosecutors for
the US Attorney's Office in the Southern
District of New York they executed
search more
and seized millions of files and
documents from michael cohen from the
president's long-time personal attorney
who is also a longtime trunk
organization executive and when they
executed those search warrants and they
seized those millions of documents and
files from michael cohen the president
lost his mind soon as he found out about
that raid on Cohen's office he said
quote it's a disgrace it's frankly a
real disgrace it's an attack on our
country in a true sense it's an attack
on what we all stand for president said
that day quote attorney-client privilege
is dead as prosecutors confirmed that
Michael Cohen the president's lawyer was
the subject of federal criminal
investigation
Michael Cohen did tried to build this
legal strategy around the idea that
federal prosecutors actually weren't
allowed to look at all the stuff that
they had seized from his home in his
office because he's a lawyer and so all
his documents all of his communications
all of those files that were seized from
his office and from his home they're all
covered by attorney-client privilege and
the government can't look at any of them
one of the lawyers whom Michael Cohen
hired to defend him in this matter at
one point said in court that
attorney-client privilege would result
in millions of the documents that were
seized being denied to the prosecutors
so the prosecutors might have thought
they were getting everything from Cohen
but according to Cohen's lawyer millions
of those documents would be held back
because they were privileged that has
not turned out to be the way it has gone
today what this new special masters
report says is that there are about
twenty-two thousand documents that are
still going through some layer of review
and she the Special Master will
ultimately decide whether they are
attorney-client privilege and they
should be withheld twenty two thousand
documents sort of still in the mix but
meanwhile today prosecutors were given
1.3 million documents 1 million three
hundred ten thousand 365 items that were
seized from Michael Cohen's home and
office today prosecutors got that many
documents from Cohen's office today that
is the bloody bloody bottom line in this
very short tidy little report today from
the Special Master a release made to the
government today of 1 million
810,000 365 items good we had also
learned in court proceedings around this
search warrant and all this stuff that
was seized from the president's lawyer
michael cohen
we had also learned that there were
about 16 pages that were taken from
Cohen's office even though they had gone
through a shredder agents collected the
contents of the shredder basket and sent
all the shreds down to Quantico for the
FBI lab to reassemble those shredded
documents well this afternoon BuzzFeed
news published what appear to be the
reconstructed stuff from that unshredded
process they published the shreds as
pieced back together by the FBI a bunch
of it is super random and honestly who
knows what it is it looks it looks more
like art than anything else but some of
this stuff does seem fairly clear
Michael Cohen appears to have shredded
what looks like an invitation to a
dinner reception welcoming a business
delegation from Qatar led by the
Minister of Economy and commerce okay
there's also at one point a handwritten
reference to what appears to be the New
York City law firm that employs a lawyer
who at one point was going on TV all the
time saying that he represented Michael
Cohen but it's not actually clear that
he ever did represent Michael Cohen the
name of the law firm nevertheless turns
up in Michael Cohen's handwriting in the
shredded documents so the BuzzFeed got
what appeared to be the documents that
were shredded in Michael Cohen's office
and then the shreds were seized by the
feds they have now published them and we
don't exactly know what to make of them
it's interesting to see them according
to BuzzFeed zone reporting these
document shreds the the piecing back
together of them these were handed over
to Michael Cohen's attorneys and
attorneys for the president so that they
could review them to decide if they want
to assert that there's something in
these documents - that might be
attorney-client privileged regardless
though they're now available online for
your perusing pleasure and the the chain
of custody in terms of who had access to
these documents tells you a little
something about how
might have been obtained by BuzzFeed's
reporters for the purpose of publication
right these thick shreds were taken by
agents they were pieced together by the
FBI
they were then given to Cohen's lawyers
and to the Trump Organization lawyers to
say you guys okay with these are these
attorney-client privileged you need the
Special Master to look at these
at which point somehow BuzzFeed gets
them at which point it is probably also
important to remember that BuzzFeed news
was the first news outlet that published
the Christopher Steele dossier back in
January of last year right that
collection of intelligence memos that
were commissioned during the campaign as
essentially Oppo research on Trump and
his ties to Russia the Christopher
Steele dossier has of course become this
very controversial political hot potato
but it's worth remembering that BuzzFeed
is the outlet that published it and
Michael Cohen is all over it Michael
Cohen is all over the dossier quote a
Kremlin insider with direct access to
the Russian leadership confirmed that a
key role in the Trump campaign Kremlin
relationship was being played by the
Republican candidates personal lawyer
Michael Cohen the dossier says that
Michael Cohen had secret a secret
meeting or meetings with Kremlin
officials in August 2016 quote the
agenda comprised how deniable cash
payments were to be made to hackers who
worked in Europe under Kremlin Direction
quote Cohen now heavily engaged in a
coverup and damage limitation operation
again that the Christopher Steele
dossier is super controversial but the
former Director of National Intelligence
during the time that the dossier was
written James clapper told us here on
this show not long ago that as far as
he's aware nothing in the dossier has
ever been disproven despite all the
political controversy around it Michael
Cohen is all over the dossier named as a
key player in the collusion between the
Russian government in the Trump campaign
for his part he has vociferously denied
what the dossier says about him and at
one point he put his money where his
mouth is
on that he actually filed a lawsuit
against BuzzFeed for for for publishing
the steal dossier specifically for
publishing the parts that mention him
since then though Michael Cohen dropped
that lawsuit
against BuzzFeed several months ago and
I hesitate to say that today we've now
hit peak Michael Cohen weirdness because
if there's one thing we have learned in
this scandal and in this presidency it's
that things can always get even weirder
but with the president's personal lawyer
with this fixer for the president who
worked with him and and worked at his
business for more than a decade we are
really truly in a weird moment when it
feels like something big is happening
alright Michael Cohen has not been
charged with anything
there's not even any indication that he
has met with prosecutors but two and a
half weeks ago June 13th ABC News was
first to report that Michael Cohen quote
is likely to cooperate with federal
investigators now whether or not that
story from June 13th is true Michael
Cohen does not appear to have been upset
about that reporting there was a single
byline on that article from ABC News On
June 13th the byline was George
Stephanopoulos Michael Cohen does not
appear to be holding a grudge against
George Stephanopoulos for that reporting
because this weekend he gave George
Stephanopoulos his first interview the
first interview on which he has gone on
record at length about this criminal
investigation that he is currently
embroiled in and I know this sounds like
a little bit of inside baseball but this
is the sort of thing that's worth noting
at time at sort of pivot points like
this in the news George Stephanopoulos
personally was the first person who
reported that Michael Cohen was going to
flip and start cooperating with
prosecutors George Stephanopoulos also
now just got the first interview with
Michael Cohen about his case and in this
interview this weekend mr. Cohen
strongly hints at the possibility that
he is in fact looking to cooperate with
prosecutors we've actually got a little
bit of brand-new reporting tonight about
how that interview came about and the
strange story of why it was not on
camera we're get to that that reporting
in just a moment that's brand new but at
this point in the Moller investigation
at this point in the special counsels
investigation and the Russia scandal and
so many people have been indicted so
many people have pled guilty so many
people have become cooperating witnesses
of various kinds we are at the point now
when all of us watching this scandal are
watching this investigation unfold we've
learned
recognizer sort of what it looks like
when a person's about to flip we've seen
that happen enough times that we know
how to recognize the signs from
Thanksgiving of this past year
Thanksgiving 2017 I have two very
distinct memories from that holiday this
past year which will always distinguish
this past Thanksgiving from every other
one I've ever had in my life
first thing I will never forget about
this past Thanksgiving is that Susan and
I got a turkey by accident that was too
big to fit in the oven it was her mom's
neighbor it was a farmer and he told us
we were getting a little turkey we got a
gigantic turkey it did not fit in the
oven we had the raw turkey it's
Thanksgiving Day we had no idea what to
do we had to cook the turkey on the
barbecue which was really weird
I will it was ultimately delicious but
it was weird the other thing about this
Thanksgiving which was different than
any other and that I will always
remember is that while we were figuring
out how to cook the turkey on the
freakin barbecue the New York Times
published this on Thanksgiving Day quote
a split from Trump indicates that Mike
Flynn is moving to cooperate with Muller
quote lawyers for Michael Flynn
president Trump's national security
adviser notified the president's legal
team in recent days that they could no
longer discuss the special counsels
investigation according to four people
involved in the case this is an
indication that mr. Flynn is cooperating
with prosecutors or negotiating a deal
quote Flynn's lawyers had been sharing
information with Trump's lawyers about
the investigation by the special counsel
but that agreement has now been
terminated that was a really big deal
this past Thanksgiving Day that was the
sign that this legal concern was gonna
spread Mike Flynn had had a joint
defense agreement where his lawyers and
the president's lawyers were sharing
information working collectively they're
all sort of pulling in the same
direction on Thanksgiving Day we learned
first in the New York Times that that
joint agreement between Mike Flynn and
the president had been called off Flynn
was going his own way and as The Times
nailed it this is an indication that
Flynn is cooperating with prosecutors
are negotiating a deal they got it right
in the
story and the president's legal team at
first tried to say like no no don't read
that into it this doesn't necessarily
mean that nothing to see here the day
after Thanksgiving the president's
lawyer Jay Sekulow told CNN that Mike
Flynn calling off that joint defense
agreement was quote not entirely
unexpected he said quote no one should
draw the conclusion that this means
anything about general Flynn cooperating
against the president general Flynn was
in fact cooperating against the
president and it turns out that dropping
the joint defense agreement was in fact
a really good sign that that was about
to happen within a few days the
following Tuesday ABC News was first to
report that Flynn's lawyers were talking
to lawyers in the special counsel's
office and by the end of that week eight
days after Thanksgiving Mike Flynn in
fact stood up in court in Washington DC
and he did plead guilty and he filed his
cooperation agreement instantly you
should know that we're gonna see Mike
Flynn in court again very soon next week
that was ordered today in a brief ruling
from the judge in Flynn's case the order
literally it's only as long as you can
see on the on the screen here but the
order sets up a joint status report
hearing in Flynn's case for next week
next Tuesday July 10th 10 a.m. and the
judge says explicitly quote mr. Flynn is
directed to attend so that hearing next
Tuesday in DC we will see Mike Flynn in
court it's likely to be the start of a
long process that will result in Mike
Flynn ultimately getting his sentence
his sentence of course will depend in
large part on how much help he's
actually given the government since he
pled guilty and agreed to cooperate with
them at that hearing on Tuesday we may
get some information some indication
from the judge as to what exactly Flynn
might be looking at in terms of
potential prison time or other
punishment but the first sign that we
had that Flynn was gonna plead guilty
and cooperate was Thanksgiving Day when
the New York Times reported that he was
cancelling the joint defense agreement
that he had with the lawyers for Trump
well ABC News is now reporting that we
are seeing that same process unfolding
with Michael Cohen they're reporting
specifically is that at the end of this
week Michael Cohen will drop his
existing legal team which has
represented him through this whole
process of wrangling over whether or not
the
seized from his office are protected by
attorney-client privilege whether or not
prosecutors can use those documents that
process is now ending it is ending in a
way that looks sort of disastrous for
Michael Cohen his lawyers said in court
that they were gonna get millions of
documents held back by executive
privilege or excuse me by
attorney-client privilege that has not
happened instead millions of documents
have just been handed over to
prosecutors and not very much stuff
turned out to be even remotely
privileged at all but that process of
prosecutors actually getting their hands
all that stuff they seized from Cohen
it's gonna come to an end at the end of
this week Michael Cohen is due then to
drop the lawyers who have been
representing him in that part of the
fight and then a new legal team will
start representing him at the end of
this week and when that transition
happens - - to his new lawyers Michael
Cohen's joint defense agreement with
President Trump will end so you see the
parallel there with what we saw happened
with Flynn right before Flynn flipped
he dropped his joint defense agreement
we're now seeing Cohen drop his joint
defense agreement there's also a
parallel to what happened with Trump
deputy campaign chairman Rick gates
before he flipped you might remember
that Rick gates and Paul Manafort
the Trump campaign chair and deputy
campaign chair they were initially
charged together on a whole bunch of
felonies like Paul Manafort Rick gates
initially started off fighting those
charges pled not guilty right out of the
gate but a few weeks into it after
prosecutors filed a superseding
indictment dumping a whole new round of
felony charges on them gates changed his
mind
dumped his legal team instead he signed
up a veteran high-end white-collar legal
defense lawyer who's had lots of
experience in political scandals and who
himself was a former former federal
prosecutor in the US Attorney's Office
in DC where Gates is now being charged
Flynn dropping his joint defense
agreement was the big red flag that he
was about to flip with gates it was that
change of lawyer that was the sign that
he was about to flip he brought a new
legal team on board and that was the
warning that he was going to stop
fighting the charges against him and
would instead plead guilty and agree to
cooperate and it all happened pretty
fast with gates on January 23rd we had
the first report from CNN
that Gates was getting this new lawyer
exactly one month later on February 23rd
there's gates in court pleading guilty
and flipping so Michael Cohen we can see
the pattern emerging here right
dropping asteroid defense agreement with
the president bringing on a new lawyer
who happens to be a highly regarded
white-collar criminal defense attorney
who used to work in the office that now
may be assembling charges against mr.
Cohen I think there's all these red
flags but he hasn't met with prosecutors
if he's going to be charged with
anything there's no reason to believe
that mr. Cohen knows yet what he's going
to be charged with I mean in terms of
our window into his potential criminal
liability one of the unshredded
documents that was published by BuzzFeed
today appears to be a receipt for a wire
transfer payment made into an account in
his name at first Republic Bank a wire
transfer of sixty-two thousand five
hundred dollars that would appear to
match some of the reporting about mr.
Cohen's involvement in at least three
different women being paid hush money
being given money in exchange for their
silence about alleged affairs or sexual
conduct Michael Cohen is involved in
these stormy Daniels hush money case
he's involved in the Karen McDougal hush
money case and he's also involved in the
hush money case that reportedly involves
Elliot Brody who is a deputy finance
chair of the Republican National
Committee from other Michael Cohen
banking records we know that Cohen
received a whole bunch of gigantic and
still mysterious corporate contracts
right after the Trump election from big
blue chip companies like AT&T and
Novartis but also from a famously
corrupt Korean aerospace company and
also from a financial firm linked to a
sanctioned Russian oligarch who's close
to Vladimir Putin who Michael Cohen
appears to have also brought to the
Trump inauguration Cohen was also
involved in the clandestine effort to
pursue a Trump Tower Moscow real estate
project in 2015 and 2016 that's an
effort that was kept secret by the Trump
campaign and denied by the candidate
himself when he pledged yet no deals
with Russia even though he had signed
the letter of intent for that project
right in the middle of the Republican
primaries literally on the same day as
one of the Republican debates George
Stephanopoulos says he asked Michael
Cohen this weekend if President Trump
was involved in or had advanced
knowledge of the Trump Tower meeting
that took place during the campaign for
a whole bunch of Russians connected to
the Putin government showed up at Trump
Tower offering dirt on Hillary Clinton
and they got this meeting with Paul
Manafort and Jared Kushner and Donald
Trump jr. mr. Stephanopoulos says that
when he asked Michael Cohen whether or
not Donald Trump himself was involved in
that meeting or had advanced knowledge
of it mr. Cohen refused to answer on the
advice of counsel he said he wouldn't
talk about that in at least in the
context of this interview so do you
think about all the different stuff that
Michael Cohen is known to have been
involved in there's got to be a lot of
concern at the White House as to what
Michael Cohen could say to prosecutors
what evidence he could provide to
prosecutors if he did decide to
cooperate that is presumably why the
president reacted so strongly and so
negatively when Michael Cohen was first
rated the president literally called it
an attack on the country no it was the
execution of a search warrant to the
president that day it looked like the
end of the world we don't exactly know
why but given what we know Michael Cohen
has been involved in we can imagine if
mr. Cohen is now about to cooperate with
prosecutors and all these red flags
flying make it seem like he is why is
this all happening right now how quickly
do we expect this process to play out
when we saw these same kind of red flags
from Michael Flynn in the first instance
and Rick gates in the second instance
things happen very quickly as soon as we
saw these first signs well Emily Jane
Fox at Vanity Fair tonight has some new
reporting on how quickly this does seem
to be coming together and in fact how
how barely strung together it's been
just over the past couple of days as
somebody's rushing towards something
Emily Jane Fox is here with that new
reporting next
hey there are miss Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
