we're gonna begin right now though with
longtime trump organization legal fixer
Michael Cohen changing his tune
yesterday from an unflinching defender
of the President to wavering under the
threat of federal charges Cohen's
comments to ABC News that if given the
choice between protecting the president
or his own family quote my wife my
daughter and my son have my first
loyalty and always will
I put family and country first
Vanity Fair reports that Cohen viewed
the interview as a way of repositioning
himself between Trump and prosecutors
this has more than 1.3 million items in
Cohen's files seized by investigators in
April and reviewed under court order
were turned over to federal prosecutors
yesterday president Trump stayed silent
about Cohen on Twitter and the White
House stonewalled against questions
about Cohen's interview comments this
morning that Michael Cohen is one to
flip and he considered at all pain as
you know I'm not gonna answer questions
on this topic and would refer you the
president's outside counsel attorney
said that he would his wife assign his
family in this country first
once again I'm not gonna weigh into this
issue two things I noticed number one
the president comments on just about
everything from the most inappropriate
things and nothing so that's interesting
and then you just have to wonder what
what exactly the dog-whistle is is it
for a pardon or is it in him he
mentioned family and country and that
seems very pointed yeah well so Emily
tell us what what is what exactly is the
answer we've heard a lot of people
saying for some time that Michael Cohen
was going to protect his family first
but is easy sending a message to Donald
Trump now I want a pardon he's sending a
message to prosecutors say come on give
me a deal I think that there were a few
things at play in the interview
yesterday there is a very small
window of time in which he's no longer
represented or will not be by the end of
the week by a lawyer who refused to let
him do press so that is a big reason why
you saw on and speak on the record for
the first time what he said in the
interview is what he's been saying
privately to friends for months now but
the fact that he came out and said it
publicly is it it is a huge deal and it
is a signal not necessarily for a pardon
that's not what my reporting shows it is
a signal that he is finally ready to say
publicly that this is basically what I'm
going to do and it is a huge shift I
interviewed him last August and he said
I would take a bullet for the president
right he said to me he could not walk
past Trump Tower with basically without
tears coming to his eyes because how
hard is it for him though to see one
story after another after another
reading that Donald Trump all along has
just considered him to be a stooge
didn't trust him to go to Washington
didn't trust him even you know to do his
campaign work up here everyone one story
after another Donald Trump saying
horrible things about Michael Cohen
behind his back when Michael Cohen's
thinking that they have this great bond
it's only going to get worse and that's
another reason why he spoke up now he
had reason to believe that in the coming
weeks there was going to be an onslaught
of people close to the president around
the president now who are going to come
after him and his businesses and his
character as they've been doing over the
last couple weeks we've seen Rudy
Giuliani on television making comments
do not help this legal case we've seen
the president say things that were
hurtful to him when he when the
president was on the White House lawn
and said I liked Michael Cohen in the
past tense yeah Michael Cohen heard that
Michael Cohen didn't like it and that's
why you're seeing him giving an
interview where he's saying this and is
it safe I mean it's Michael Cohen's
family chiming in to him about how they
feel about all this because it's I would
think it's got to be very hard for them
to watch and if you know you would
probably share very deep concerns that
he's being taken advantage of and dumped
for months his family and his closest
friends have been saying to you no one's
looking out for you so you have to look
out for yourself but what's been
interesting in the last couple of weeks
is I've been hearing people around him
start
to also hammer in the message that you
could change the narrative from being a
villain to a hero and that is that is
what gave him a little bit of consort of
the John Dee you you could go down in
the history books like John Dean did as
the guy who took this all down and I
think having a lawyer who is not getting
in his way
having that message sent to him and
knowing that there's going to be an
onslaught against you in the next couple
of weeks this is why we saw this
interview happen on the record for the
first from the president I'm just it's
funny to me I guess that the presumption
and we all are assuming it is that he
has dirt right like he'll flip and
there's good stuff that he'll throw our
Trump and he'll take him down
we don't know I mean we suspect right
that there's some malicious stuff behind
the scenes but realistically we don't
know secondly we don't we know what is
the level because I know that about a
payment to a porn star or is that not
how much yesterday the first time in the
interview there are two things that I
thought were particularly interesting
these are things that I had heard you
know upfront from the orbit and but they
were on the record yesterday there were
two things that were in there George
Stephanopoulos asked him a pointed
question about whether or not he was
directed and he said at the advice of
counsel on answering that and at the
advice of counsel he didn't answer a
question about the Trump Tower meeting
with John Jr and the Russians as well
yes that sorry those things in that
interview were not in let me be clear I
also believe he has a lot of good dirt
I'm just saying it's a little funny that
we're all in fact now the other thing is
why and you would know this better than
anyone else but why doesn't he just if
he wants to cooperate why not just
cooperate there's a process so we're
getting to the end of one end of this
legal process where the document review
for privileged material was finishing up
it finishes up at the end of this week
and so now we enter of new territory he
has a new lawyer who came from the FDNY
division and that's what's going to
usually you just do this privately
behind the scenes and you work with the
attorney it's not a usual situation this
is a man who worked for a show man for a
very long time
and you're seeing a little bit of a
champion playbook at play at the same
time he's got to get the phone call from
the Southern District of New York yes
and and so you're waiting you don't just
go down there and throw yourself and say
please please
but again the prosecutors sometimes will
sit back and wait because they're
calling through what over a million
documents yeah they don't know what they
need him for right they don't know what
what what blanks he can fill in so
they'll review and then they'll go to
him and it's kind of great for them that
you've got a guy out there that score
Manila wants to do the deal as much as
he does they may get a better deal out
of him so a federal judge has ordered
former national security adviser Michael
Flynn
to appear in court next week this would
be Flynn's first court appearance since
he pled guilty lots December to a felony
count of lying to investigators about
his contacts with the Russian ambassador
to the United States the hearing which
has been set for next Tuesday morning
will be regarding a possible sentencing
date for Flynn according to Politico the
repeated delays in Flynn's sentencing
have led to speculation that prosecutors
believe his testimony could be useful at
some future trial or that the sentencing
process might disclose some aspect of
the investigation that special counsel
robert muller still wishes to keep
secret and this morning there's also
some news connected to X Trump campaign
chairman Paul Manafort and his longtime
aide Constantine Callum Nick who men
afford would reportedly refer to as my
Russian brain that according to the
Atlantic he told me that he was from
Westport Manta Ford said that goes was
born it's not from West not a
Connecticut guy now internal memos and
other business records obtained by The
Associated Press purport to show how
limnic release indited by the Muller
probe on witness tampering charges
worked with men afford to advance
Russian interests a reported 2004 memo
from column neck two men afford details
his dire forecast for Russia after their
failed attempts to manipulate political
events in former Soviet states
quoting from the ApS report the records
show that Callum neck part issah pated
in an early metaphor plan to influence
Western politicians and media outlets a
propaganda operation intended to target
Washington and European capitals and
quote train a cadre of leaders who can
be relied upon in future governments
according to one memo the record show
Callum Nick helped conceive strategies
that men afford sold to clients and that
he served as a key liaison between men
afford and principal financial backers
including Russian oligarch Oleg
Deripaska to whom mana Ford reportedly
offered private briefings in July of
2016 while he served as Trump campaign
chairman it's not the guy he owes like
19 20 million dollars to that's quite a
plan any Russian oligarch I don't know
how it happens but Paul Manafort does
Michael Steele
this story shows that serious allegation
yes I know how mana fort was more than a
useful idiot
for Putin and the Russians he was
inactive I want to be careful with the
word because I'm sure the yet whatever
word I'd choose would be afraid in with
legal significance but he's an agent for
him I mean I know he probably
technically was not but certainly he
certainly was a promoter of Putin and
Russia's interest looks actively yeah I
think the word promoters is a very good
word because it's apropos to a lot of
what we're beginning to learn about how
Manta fort acted before he got to the
campaign what he brought into the
campaign and the fact that you know he
he had connections that reached a lot
further than than we thought in terms of
the relationships in Russia and as as
well as the influence on the campaign we
saw it play out Joe I remember being on
the show back when the RNC changed its
platform to sort of reflect this sort of
Russian influence this is all part of an
ongoing strategy as as indicated in the
reporting to to get friendly players
inside government
to carry the water on behalf of Russia
and one of the key operatives of that
was Paul Manafort and Richard Haass
during this time you had Putin
aggressively trying to push back on any
prospects of further NATO expansion and
there was not a cold war but there
certainly there were heated efforts to
try to extend Russian influence as far
as possible in this region and obviously
a lot of money was exchanging hands and
manna fort was a recipient yeah I mean
Putin's entire world philosophy was
based on the idea that the loss of the
Cold War the breakup of the Soviet Union
was one of the great geopolitical
calamities of the 20th century NATO
enlargement was a humiliating kind of
stick in his eye that NATO try to fill
the vacuum and he is basically made it
his life's business to reestablish a
Russian sphere of influence and money
get passed around for people to try to
help expand Russia's sphere of influence
across Eastern Europe and Paul Manafort
clearly these documents and there's
another show that Paul Manafort was
actively working doing Vladimir Putin's
bit II can't say it more clearly that
the single most important thing to
Vladimir Putin politically Paul Manafort
was actually doing his bidding running
around and trying to help expand Russian
info to persons of influence who would
essentially take their lead from the
Kremlin that is money money passes from
Putin to the oligarchs money passes from
the oligarchs to Paul Manafort
and Paul Manafort as these documents
show working actively to promote
Vladimir Putin policy NATO thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
