welcome back everyone joining us now
from Washington DC with a look at Axios
am the co-founder of axis Mike Allen
Mike great to have you with us on this
Tuesday morning what is axis is one big
thing for us one fourth of July Eve the
Axios one big thing is all the ways to
hack an election so Americans vote in of
course 50 separate state-run elections
every single one of them has potential
points of failure think about it
voter registration both when you go to
fill out the form and once they collect
all the data voter tabulation once you
voted and they send it in voting
machines which sometimes come from
third-party vendors of their security
problems become the security problems of
the American democracy and of course you
have also problems at the polls the pull
books sometimes online sometimes on
paper what we learned from looking at
this list which has just popped up on
Axios comm is that as we look ahead to
November we think about the fact that
intelligence agencies have told us there
are already intrusions in the midterm
elections that this is a huge fix and
you think about the respect that there
are some states don't even have a paper
trail for their ballots so basically
like what you're saying is on the eve of
Independence Day when we as Americans
should be feeling the most confident
about our country who are feeling very
vulnerable about those very same
elections come November what are you
learning about some of these
vulnerabilities because it sounds kind
of scary that you know we're once again
at this crossroads of a possibly a
rigged election well when you put it
that way
yes no question and this is a place that
America is far behind intelligence
agencies have been warning us that
people are banging outside forces
banging on these elections looking for
ways to get into the states we know that
in 2016 and at least 18 states there
were efforts to infiltrate those
elections now we think that those
probably weren't
successful but what we're seeing is that
in addition to the well-known efforts to
affect the hwachun environment and
affect our Social Feeds also physical
voting now is very much in danger let's
switch gears for a moment and talk about
internal democratic politics for a
moment how could the blue wave within
the Democrats his own party impact the
candidate they put forth in the 2020
presidential race it's been getting a
lot of attention in the wake of the
victory here in New York by Oracle
Cortes no that's right and that energy
that we're seeing from Democrats is
great news for them the bad news for
them and the reason that Democrats are
more worried than they were before
is this progressive blue wave that you
see right there from Axios be visuals
and what we're seeing is that the wings
of the Democratic Party are fighting
each other instead of just focusing on
Republicans
so that amazing interview that we saw
with Connor Lam here on Morning Joe
after his victory in a Democratic
primary or Democrats then said oh but
the path to win is to have moderates but
now we're seeing this progressive wave
and including in states where Democratic
legislators have been beaten in
primaries from the left in a couple of
dozen cases so can Democrats focus on
Republicans can they figure out a way to
keep these two wings of the party from
swapping each other all right Mike Allen
thank you very much of course we're
gonna be reading access em in just a bit
in to all of our viewers out there you
too can sign up for the newsletter by
going to sign up Axios com hey there our
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
