two days after antoine rose jr. was
buried last week something truly
extraordinary happened it was sadly not
extraordinary that he was shot in the
back by a police officer while he was
unarmed and running away posing no
threat to anyone unarmed black men have
been getting shot in the back by
American police officers for as long as
the police have had guns the
extraordinary thing is that the police
officer who killed
Antoine Rose junior in East Pittsburgh
was actually charged with criminal
homicide last week criminal prosecution
is the rarest possible outcome for
police officers who kill unarmed black
men who pose no threat to anyone I have
been studying this tragic subject for
decades the very first article I ever
published was an op-ed piece in The New
York Times in 1979 about police use of
deadly force and that was the first time
that the New York Times ever printed
anything indicating that there was a
problem with police use of deadly force
the first killing of an unarmed black
man by police that I read about and then
investigated myself was the 1975 killing
him James Boden by two Boston police
officers James Boden was a 25 year old
husband and father of a four year old
daughter and a six month old son he had
no criminal record James Boden had a
steady job as a maintenance worker at
Boston City Hospital to Boston police
officers stopped his car because like
the car antoine rose was riding in james
Bowden's car resembled the description
of a car used in a crime
earlier that day like Antoine Rose James
Boden was shot in the back
James Bodines Widow came to my father
for help my father was a lawyer and he
immediately agreed to take her case and
that surprised a lot of people
especially the Boston Police because my
father was a former boston police
officer himself my father filed a civil
rights wrongful death lawsuit against
the boston police in federal court his
fight with his old police department was
long and intense and bitter and deeply
personal I did my own investigation of
the case and spoke to even more
Boston police officers than my father
was able to cross-examine in court and I
reported it all in my first book deadly
force which was first published in 1983
and has now been republished in
paperback with new material that links
the killing of James Bowden to the more
recent killings of Eric garner Tamir
rice laQuan McDonald and now Antwon Rose
facing an all-white jury in federal
court in Boston in 1980 my father won
the case
proving that James Bowdoin civil rights
were violated and that he was wrongfully
killed by the Boston Police the City of
Austin appealed the case went all the
way the United States Supreme Court
before going to trial for a second time
and with another all-white jury my
father won that case again and I don't
think anyone else could have done that
in those days when no one was paying
attention to police use of deadly force
no one outside the black communities
where people knew police use of force
was a deadly serious problem it took
everything that my father knew about
being a cop as an ex-cop himself and a
lawyer to fight his old police
department and when and the police threw
everything in our way that they could
because our whole family was involved in
this fight and today it's even more
remarkable to think that my father was
able to win that case win justice for
James Boden's family without any video
of what happened we have a video of what
happened to Antwon Rose in East
Pittsburgh and so we know that Antwon
rose was shot in the back while he was
unarmed running away from the police
officer and that video is the reason the
officer who killed Antwon rose is facing
criminal charges tonight here is that
very disturbing video of what happened
to Antwon Rose when he was unarmed and
threatening no one
why are they sue in a home no I'm a
quarry name why are they sue in thank
God idea was running or shooting at them
video changes everything
35 years ago when I began collecting
police reports in cases like this when
unarmed men usually black were shot in
the back while running away from police
officers the police reports repeatedly
included this phrase usually word for
word he turned in a threatening manner
as if to shoot that's all the police
officers needed to justify the shooting
even if the fleeing suspect turned out
to be unarmed he turned in a threatening
manner as if to shoot and prosecutors
knew what was going on they were in on
it in those days they never looked at
these cases no matter what eyewitnesses
said the police officers did but video
changed everything
and so now thanks to video some police
officers are being prosecuted for very
bad shootings and some individual police
departments have actually really
improved and Boston I'm very glad to say
is one of them Boston's Police
Commissioner Bill Evans is one of the
very best police leaders in this country
but that's not much consolation for
people who still suffer from
unjustifiable police use of deadly force
over 40 years after James Bowdoin was
shot in the back by Boston police
officers when he was unarmed and posed
no threat to them Antoine Rose was shot
in the back when he was unarmed and
posed no threat to a police officer two
years ago
Antoine Rose wrote a poem in his
sophomore honors English course in high
school his friends read the poem at his
funeral the poem is about mothers and
sons mothers like James Boden's mother
and Antoine Rosa's mother who lost their
sons over 40 years apart to the same
thing police bullets in the back
Antoine Roses poem is entitled I am NOT
what you think and it begins this way I
am confused and afraid
I wonder what path I will take I hear
that there's only two ways out I see
mothers bury their sons I want my mom to
never feel that pain I am confused and
afraid
Antoine Rose jr. was 17 years old thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
