Ashton Taylor is a medical student at
the University of Texas Medical School
who volunteered last week in Texas to
help migrant children and parents as
they left Border Patrol processing
centers here is some of what she saw
this child had a scalp abscess but his
mother was afraid to tell immigration
and customs enforcement officers for
fear of them taking the child away from
her and this woman had welts and
blisters from an ankle bracelet that was
too painfully tight and this woman was
kept in what immigration officials
called a cold box for seven days because
one of her daughters had an ear
infection and the other had the flu they
were told the Border Patrol uses the
cold boxes to kill germs journey our
discussion now
Ashton Taylor she's a pre-med student at
the University of Texas who has been
volunteering at the border at these at a
center that helps migrants who have been
released by u.s. Border Patrol
processing in McAllen Texas Ashley can
you tell us more about what you saw
there and especially in terms of medical
issues hello Lauren thank you as far as
medical issues when we're seeing
immigrants who are coming from these
detention centers it's it's pretty
atrocious from a humanitarian
perspective and just from a personal
perspective most everybody who's coming
out of these detention centers and into
the respite Center they're febrile they
have fevers they're dehydrated a lot of
them have very very easily preventable
diseases
you know flu cough cold bacterial
infections things that are just rampant
when you have such close quarters and
under the conditions in which they're
kept which are extreme cold
insufficient hydration insufficient food
and insufficient sanitation this story
about the cold box being an idea that
the water officials are using to kill
germs where did they get that idea
laurens I have no idea and that's what I
find particularly too
stur being is that CBP officials seem to
be assuring everybody that these people
are adequately adequately cared for and
given medical attention but as far as I
know I don't see any medical basis at
all for keeping people in cold rooms and
as it was reported to me directly in the
clinic office by people who came through
by immigrants who came out of easily
dose which are the cold boxes they were
kept in there they showed any signs of
illness so these are think of you know
concrete walls floors and ceilings and
maybe temperatures of 50 to 60 degrees
and these people don't have layers on
they have everything taken off of them
they're basically stripped down to the
the barest layers of you know pants and
shirt or shorts in shirt and if they're
lucky they may be given a change of
clothes but oftentimes if they've
crossed rivers or jungles or cities they
have to dry off in those same clothes in
these cold conditions so I just if you
can imagine you know being in these
freezing cold conditions what what does
it do as far as a health perspective
after it's hard to believe that this
government has a department called
Health and Human Services and no one
from that department concerned with
health has communicated to these people
in control of the initial custody that
there's something kind of
eighteenth-century about the idea that
cold is going to kill those germs right
I mean it's it's absolutely barbaric and
I don't see any scientific basis in it
and it contra indicates the the notion
or the statement that there's any
sufficient medical attention there at
all because I believe if there were
sufficient medical attention if there
were a sufficient amount of competent
physicians there attending to these
immigrants this wouldn't this wouldn't
be a practice in place as you don't want
to get to your motivation of why you
decided to take yourself down there as a
volunteer and get involved Lawrence my
motivation for being down there was from
a personal perspective it's one thing to
hear everything that you hear in the
media and you know see pictures and
things that can be easily distorted but
this isn't an issue of partisan politics
this is an issue of humanity and I think
the biggest the biggest thing that I can
stress is that people need to see eyes
themselves that they need to lay eyes on
this situation and that's exactly what I
went down there to do I wanted to lay
eyes on the situation assess what was
going on in help in any way I could
Ashton Taylor thank you very much for
joining us tonight really appreciate it
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
