interviewed and met with four potential
justices of our great Supreme Court I'll
be meeting with two or three more all
right so that was Donald Trump saying
that he talked with potential Supreme
Court nominees today as this fight gets
underway fast Trump saying he'll
announce the pick a week from today but
already threats of a revolt from a key
Republican senators Susan Collins a
moderate who says she supports Roe
versus Wade drawing a line in the sand
on that single issue a candidate for
this important position who would
overturn roe v-- wade would not be
acceptable to me because that would
indicate and activist agenda that I
don't want to see a judge have all right
so Democrats trying to enlist Collins as
a potential defector who can help them
block Trump's pick now Trump saying this
about an abortion litmus test are you
going to ask your nominees beforehand
how they might vote on Roe vs. Wade well
that's a big one and probably not
they're all saying don't do that you
don't do that you shouldn't do that but
I'm putting conservative people on all
right so that's what Trump is saying now
but during the campaign Trump was
explicit about what he would want from
Supreme Court justices watch this do you
want to see the court overturned well if
we put another two or perhaps three
justices on that's really what's going
to be had that's will happen and that'll
happen automatically in my opinion
because I am putting pro-life and
justices on the court all right joining
me now former congresswoman Donna
Edwards Democrat from Maryland and
former Hillary Clinton campaign advisor
Jess McIntosh great to have you guys
with us congressman if I may begin with
you do you have any doubt where Trump's
nominees will stand on the issue of Roe
vs. Wade when you hear what he was
saying as a candidate and what he said
in that interview and knowing that some
of his nominees are being vetted by
organizations like the Federalist
Society
well we know that most of those nominees
are being vetted by the Federalist
Society they already know the answer to
that question and that's the reason that
President Trump doesn't have to answer
the question and so let's be really
clear here and
want to make sure that Susan Collins of
course needs to know that that line in
the sand has to be clearer which is why
I believe that there has to be an inside
and outside strategy so that we can make
sure to shore up Susan Collins and maybe
a potential other maybe Senator
Murkowski on this question but no doubt
about it
those nominees have already been vetted
for where they are in row v Wade and no
doubt about it
they will overturn roe v-- wade and we
can't accept that congressman what would
be the outside or inside strategy that
you refer to that needs to happen to
shore up somebody like Susan Collins
well I think there are several things
one I think the women of Maine need to
speak up and the people of man speak up
to Susan Collins I mean she values very
deeply what the people of her state care
about as well as around the country and
I think one of the ways to do that is to
do what was done frankly with the
Affordable Care Act we didn't just sit
around and wait for Senate procedure we
took to the streets we made our voices
heard we visited offices all of that
outside strategy needs to take place
right now and on the inside monkey up
the works I mean Democrats need to be I
think a little bit more aggressive here
I mean I've heard them say things like
you know we'll figure out what the
procedure is we don't have a lot of
tools I don't buy that at all there are
tools that are available to Democrats
they can jam up the works in the Senate
and they really frankly should do this
until they have clarity on a consensus
nominee that is not going to overturn
more than 40 years of precedent yes I
see your head I see shaking your head in
agreement there so I assume you're
agreeing with what the congressman in
fact I would feel a lot better about the
likelihood of that happening if former
congresswoman Donna Edwards was sitting
in the Senate right now I wish that she
were there to be a part of that fight I
think Democrats need to hold very very
strong and so do the women Republicans
who have shown movement on this issue
and for three reasons one they held up
Merrick garland
we have the McConnell rule that says now
you can't concern to confirm a Supreme
Court justice this close to an election
the people deserve to be heard they made
the rule they should get to own it
we should wait until November the second
one is we have a president who is
currently under investigation for
possibly colluding with a foreign
adversary to take the White House that
means he shouldn't get to pack the court
for a generation somebody who is there
by by unboard means shouldn't be in
charge of a generation of this important
policy and third if we overturn roe v
wade American women will die
that's not hyperbolic we know what
happens we know what happens when
abortion stops being legal women will
continue to seek them and they will no
longer be able to do them safely let me
play devil's advocate for a second and
if we say that you know large crowds of
women go out into a state like Maine put
pressure on Suzanne Collins to stick to
her guns so to speak what happens if
large crowds show up in West Virginia
against a Democrat like joe Manchin and
put pressure on him you're just not
gonna see that roe v wade abortion is
one of the least controversial issues in
the country wouldn't know it from the
media and you wouldn't know it from
Republicans but seven in ten Americans
want roe v-- wade to stay exactly where
it is you don't get those kinds of
numbers with just the Democrats being in
favor of it so the idea that somehow
Republicans are going to mobilize
millions of people to say yes we're done
with the right to an abortion we don't
want it anymore it's just not going to
be borne out congressman let me play you
this soundbite from senator Maria
Cantwell I heard she had some very
strong words warning Democrats take a
listen I think that my colleagues on
both sides of the aisle know that this
vote could be a one of the key votes of
their entire career and they know that
no matter what spin comes out of the
White House if they vote for somebody
who's going to change precedent it could
be a career-ending move do you agree
with that congresswoman that this could
be a career-ending move for anyone who
goes with a pic that changes precedent I
absolutely agree with that and
especially for Democrats because keep in
mind that even in these states that are
you know red states with blue senators
those states depend on voters like me to
go out and vote for them and that will
simply not happen this is a mobilizing
moment the president has already said
that he wants to appoint somebody who
could be on the court for
years not even just a generation a
couple of generations and so this is a
this is a career-defining vote and I
think that we need to make it clear from
the outside that that is what we believe
as well let me play you this soundbite
from Susan Collins because she's
obviously come out and said that she
doesn't want an activist judge who
overturns precedent take a listen to
this what she said about Neil Gorsuch
don't you think he's probably going to
vote to overturn Roe versus Wade if
given the chance
I actually don't I had a very long
discussion with Justice Gorsuch in my
office and he pointed out to me that he
is a co-author of the whole book on
precedent but interestingly enough that
very same justice for such justice
Gorsuch he was part of the decision that
broke with precedent on a vote on unions
that was in place for almost 40 years so
how is it is there a fail-safe mechanism
that people like Susan Collins and
others can vet or to predetermine that a
judge is not going to say one thing
behind closed doors and then go do
something else oh no of course not and
and I her optimism about Neil Gorsuch is
entirely unfounded
he was vetted by the Federalist Society
the Federalist Society is a hard-line
conservative group that will not approve
any nominee who isn't committed to
overturning roe v wade so I I'm sorry
that he was able to obfuscate in her
chambers when they had their one-on-one
meeting but based on his decisions on
this court he is clearly capable of
being an activist judge and I have no
hope that we don't overturn Roe if Trump
is allowed to add one more hey I'm
already melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our youtube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
