and we have the shortlist President
Trump said today that he spent the
morning interviewing four candidates for
the United States Supreme Court The
Washington Post is now reporting who
those four were they were all federal
appeals court judges the four judges are
Brett Kavanaugh Amy Kony Barrett M wolf
apar and Raymond Catholic the president
also said he would be meeting two or
three he said two or three more
candidates The Washington Post reports
that two other federal appeals court
judges the president will probably meet
are Thomas Hardiman and William Pryor
jr. it is typical for presidents to
choose federal appeals court judges for
two reasons first they have generally
demonstrated the legal skills and
scholarship that meet the basic
standards of a Supreme Court justice and
more importantly they have all already
been confirmed by the United States
Senate and all of these judges were
appointed by Republican presidents and
most of them attracted some Democratic
votes in the confirmation process in
fact only one of them got no Democratic
votes according to past confirmation
precedents the next two months will be a
rush to confirm a Supreme Court nominee
with a simultaneous desperate rush to
try to block a Supreme Court nominee by
Democrats in the Senate for the past 15
Supreme Court nominees which takes us
all the way back to 1975 the average
number of days between being nominated
and having a hearing is 40 days the
average number of days between being
nominated and having a confirmation vote
on the Senate floor is 66 days that
means what the president planning to
nominate a candidate next Monday July 9
for the confirmation hearing will
probably be on or about Monday August
20th with a final confirmation vote on
the Senate floor on or about Thursday
September 13th now contrary to popular
belief on twitter and elsewhere outside
of the United States Senate this will
not be a confirmation process in
which the Democratic minority in the
Senate has any parliamentary procedural
power or trick that they can use to stop
this nomination among more credible
sounding misconceptions advanced this
weekend was the idea that the Democrats
could quote exploit the Senate's
unanimous consent structure to grind the
Senate to a halt that was suggested by
the former President Pro Tem of the
California State Senate Kevin de Leon a
Democrat who is running for the United
States Senate against California's
senior Democratic Senator Dianne
Feinstein senator de Leon may have done
a masterful job leading the California
Senate and he is certainly an expert on
parliamentary procedure in the
California Senate but the unanimous
consent norms of the United States
Senate actually have nothing to do with
the confirmation process of a Supreme
Court justice Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell has the parliamentary right to
bring the nomination to the Senate floor
anytime he wants to and Senator
McConnell will then ask for unanimous
consent to proceed to consideration of
the nomination the Democrats will of
course refused to give unanimous consent
and then Senator McConnell will call for
a roll call vote to proceed to the
nomination and the Republicans will then
vote to proceed to that nomination in
the elapsed time between the denial of
unanimous consent and that roll call
vote to proceed will be a matter of
seconds the Senate will not be ground to
a halt Democrats in the Senate already
know all of this and their supporters
around the country should soon be
realizing that there is no trick on the
Senate floor that they can pull that the
only way to stop the next Supreme Court
confirmation is with Republican votes
against the nomination which is why
there is now so much attention on
Republican senator Susan Collins of
Maine one of the two Republican senators
who is pro-choice and wants to preserve
access to abortion under Roe vs. Wade
the Senator Collins said this yesterday
a nominees
position on whether or not they respect
president will tell me a lot about
whether or not they would overturn roe
v-- wade a candidate for this important
position who would overturn roe v-- wade
would not be acceptable to me because
that would indicate and activist agenda
that I don't want to see a judge have
joining us now Jason Johnson politics
editor at the root calm also joining us
Sam Stein the politics editor of The
Daily Beast both our MSNBC political
analysts Jason the shortlist is out and
there's one woman on it at this point
there has been talked that a woman
nominee might be the way to go and that
might actually help hold on to Susan
Collins and Lisa Murkowski the two
Republican senators who are the only two
pro-choice Republican members of the
Senate
I guess if they somehow think that
voting for a woman is going to have some
ideological difference I would say go
back twenty years everybody who voted
for Clarence Thomas because they thought
him being black would make a difference
obviously learned their lesson look at
the end of the day I think senator
Collins is lying because every single
nominee that the president is going to
pick whether it's a man whether it's a
woman whether they're Indian American
whether they're African American is
going to want to end Roe vs. Wade at
some level so either she needs to make a
commitment now and simply say I can't
vote for anybody while this president is
in office because I know what they're
gonna want to do or she should stop
performing and simply say I'm going to
get in line with the rest of my party
and no one's going to have access to
abortions at least state-by-state within
a year and a half because that's the
reality we're facing and even if it's a
woman they will still vote to end Roe
vs. Wade and Sam Stein Susan Collins
seems actually confident that even with
a new justice who wants to repeal Roe
vs. Wade that it won't happen because
she actually said on TV yesterday she
doesn't think Neil Gorsuch would vote to
repeal it and she seems to have a real
faith that Chief Justice Roberts won't
let's listen to what she said about
Justice Roberts Justice Roberts has
made very clear that he considers roe v
wade to be settled law I would not
support a nominee who demonstrated
hostility to roe v wade because that
would mean to me that their judicial
philosophy did not include a respect for
established decisions established law so
Sam that translates into what at the
White House what do they have to do to
get Susan Collins you know I actually
think that was the more important clip
from the content of you because what it
says is if you are trying to push a
nominee through the Senate you have to
adopt and it's not a hard playbook the
Gorsuch Roberts playbook which is
casually referred roe v wade is the law
of the land say you you respect
precedent and then don't give one iota
or one inkling of indication about how
you would vote in the matter if it came
to you by saying you know I can't
prejudge these matters and then you
would get Susan Collins's vote so it's a
very simple playbook actually to get
someone to get the senators oh it does
not translate into roe v wade being
secure in the slightest these people
have not been offered the opportunity to
take a whack at roe v wade from a
judicial perspective and we don't know
how they would vote when we're given
that opportunity there's certainly
different ways to go at roe v wade you
could chip away at it but one of the
things that is striking to me is that we
are told time and time again by
conservative legal scholars that roe v
wade is flimsy legally and morally
reprehensible but how dare how dare you
assume that they would do away with it
when granted power and those two things
just don't compute there is a long
generations long pursuit by the federal
society to get rid of this law the
federal society put together the list of
people who Donald Trump is choosing from
it goes to reason that they would choose
people who would also get rid of roe v
wade the Washington Post is reporting
that the president is especially drawn
to contender's with namebrand degrees
such as from Ivy League universities
such as Harvard and Yale which makes him
like every president before him he also
wants to see a portfolio of solid
academic writing which is also like
presidents before him and then there's
the Trump part Trump does not care to
actually read it he simply wants to know
that that it exists and actually to be
fair that that may be true of most
presidents also Jason Johnson yeah I
really doubt that Donald Trump is up
late at night reading law reviews at the
golf course saying my goodness I stared
ascesis this is amazing he's not doing
that right and I can't imagine at these
45 minute conversations he's supposedly
having with these nominees are
particularly engaging either look
everybody knows that they're gonna play
the pantomime here Donald Trump is gonna
meet with these people as long as they
don't personally offend him or insult
him he's fine with them these nominees
desperately want to get on the court so
they're going to be as milquetoast as
they can so that they can get this
opportunity 66 days gentlemen we're
gonna be on this for 66 days according
to the past precedent Jason Johnston Sam
Stein thank you for joining us thank you
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
