thousands of Americans gathered in
cities across America over the weekend
to protest the Trump administration's
immigration policies from coast to coast
there were more than 600 families belong
together rallies and joining us now from
Miami ms NBC correspondent Mariana
Atencio and Mariana you were there when
a mother was reunited with her
seven-year-old daughter yesterday tell
us about what you saw
Mika I was with that mother hours before
as she bought clothes for her little
girl and the toy as she walked the
hallways of the airport clinging to
those court documents and her 10 month
old baby boy and then finally that first
embrace two months in the making this
little girl had been kept in a child
welfare agency in Michigan the dad
prosecuted and jailed in Atlanta he's
facing possible deportation so family
scattered due to the Trump
administration's zero-tolerance policy
and right there at the airport I asked
the mother from Guatemala when I went
dude I'm at Athene what her messages to
other families seeking refuge in this
country what is your message when I went
do that for so many mothers who are
coming here with their children seeking
a better life when you look a little
it's a constant okay you can go through
otro pa√≠s then they would advise you to
find another country to seek refuge in
stelae aqui esta muy duro tiene Corazon
this law here is too tough people here
don't have a heart okay it's okay
oh no tienen la vida because the kid is
a treasure that you have in life you can
say piranhas leviston porque de Cicco
son live in this UN day even when they
take it away it hurts a lot because the
kids are our blessing in your life you
saw especially the little girl's face
makeup when one talks about the language
barrier with these families this girl's
first language is mom it's an indigenous
language out of Guatemala so she doesn't
speak any English barely speaks any
Spanish so imagine the sense of
isolation
the trauma she tells me as she made
these heartbreaking calls to her mother
asking when they would be reunited they
only got the information a couple of
days ago so again the long-term trauma
of a family that is still separated
because the dad is going to be deported
it's something that any family can
identify with Nica and there are so many
so many out there still waiting not
knowing if they will have this moment
Marianna Atencio thank you very much for
being on the show and President Trump is
criticizing Democrats who have called
for abolishing Immigration and Customs
Enforcement or ice last week senator
Kirsten Gillibrand and New York City
Mayor Bill DeBlasio both called for
dismantling the agency on Saturday
senator Elizabeth Warren said ice should
be replaced but not all Democrats are on
board Senate Minority Leader Chuck
Schumer said last week ice does some
functions that are very much needed and
pushed instead for reform President
Trump
weighed in tweeting the Democrats are
making a strong push to abolish ice one
of the smartest toughest and most
spirited law enforcement groups of men
and women that I've ever seen I have
watched ice liberate towns from the
grasp of ms-13 and clean out the
toughest situations they are great in a
follow-up tweet he wrote in part to the
great and brave men and women of ice do
not worry or lose your spirit the
radical left
Dems want you out next it will be all
police zero chance it won't never happen
joining us now is the acting director of
ice and former acting general counsel of
the US Department of Homeland Security
John sandwich former acting director
okay I guess first of all give us a
sense of exactly the functions ice
performs for those who are asking and
what you think of the call by some
Democrats to abolish it well I think
it's unfortunate and misguided I mean I
understand the frustration when you see
policies like we've seen at the border
where you're separating kids when you
see the interior immigration enforcement
policy is what we're targeting the wrong
people and no longer going after the
criminals I can understand where all
this frustration stems from but frankly
it should be an abolished
movement not in a Polish ice movement
it's not ices fault that the policy
administration's adopted these policies
it's it's not and Jeremy Peter is what
we just see these parallel we have the
political fight over issues like ice and
trying to throw that into the middle of
the conversation and then you have the
reunion that we just saw that it's going
to be so hard fought for about 2,000
children they get to this moment right
exactly I mean - that was so jarring to
hear that woman say that this country
does not have a home that's but isn't
that what Trump wants yes this was
supposed to be a deterrent and inside
the Department of Homeland Security this
despite what Christian Nielsen said this
was meant to be a deterrent that's
exactly why this person Nielsen was not
prepared for that briefing when she said
that the one that she took over for
Sarah Sanders and then proceeded to say
everything that this policy was not I
mean she said it was not sending a
message they've sent the message and you
saw that mother saying don't come here
Americans this country doesn't have a
heart this is not the place to come
that's what Trump wants that's what they
got Stephen Miller wants yeah no that's
exactly right and I think this is
exactly what we were talking about
earlier how Trump plays in these culture
war fights right he is casting the
Democrats as the lawless ones he is the
law and ordered very Nick Sounion
leaders Democrats we will crack down on
these Democrats who basically want to
turn the country over to bands of
illegal immigrant gangs Richard know
exactly right I was curious with John
which is okay Democrats are some of them
are now saying abolish ice mr. Trump has
jumped all over that for political
reasons let's put the politics aside if
you had a mandate to reform ice if there
could be a democratic legislation that
would say here's what we want to keep
but here's what we need to change what
would what would ice 2.0 look like well
I think guys 2.0 first of all I think we
need to take a hard look at how we use
immigration detention
we have this adopted this concept you
have to detain people to be tough eyed
border security or tough at immigration
enforcement that is not true it advances
in technology like you know with
alternatives to detention ankle
bracelets we could you know
we utilize those technologies to
actually have effective immigration
enforcement without the tension but the
reality is ice does a lot of critical
work if people don't understand that ice
is divided into two halves one half of
it is criminal special agents combating
transnational crime and when I was there
we were doing amazing cases like saving
children from child exploitation you
know large sophisticated money
laundering cases the chapo guzman plate
case people don't realize that ice
played a critical role in identifying
the whereabouts of chapo guzman or
working with Mexico that's the kind of
work that needs to be emphasized there
really is the problems not ice itself
Isis made me filled with men and women
who are really trying to do a great job
and who are committed to public safety
it's how this administration has chosen
to use it and I think you're starting to
see that with ice itself with that
letter from the special agents in charge
19 of whom had basically said break us
away and our criminal work because the
way this administration is using the
agency as a whole is making us less
effective no yeah director you you
touched on essentially what I wanted to
the point to raise there is that
essentially where this is this
bureaucracy has come into some
controversies when it begins begins to
perform police functions you had noted
that it's essentially and was designed
to be an investigative mechanism but in
the Trump era we've seen warrantless
raids in Oregon and New York and on
Greyhound buses and arrests that are not
necessarily legal according to
Democratic senators is that necessarily
an abuse of this agency or is the agency
prone to abuse meaning that is it
designed to perform a law enforcement
function and there really is no way to
get rid of that under its current as
it's designed well it's a law
enforcement agency to be sure but I
think that really the problem is at the
end of the day they're tasked with
enforcing a set of laws that this
country is divided upon you know we have
not modernized a report you know our
immigration laws we desperately need
immigration reform we have 11.5 million
undocumented immigrants in this country
the overwhelming majority of whom commit
no crimes I've been here for more than
12 years at this point I think 86
percent have been here since 2006 so
when you have a law enforcement agency
that is now you know there's tasked with
enforcing those laws against that
population and when you have an
administration that says unlike the
Obama administration we said let's focus
on the bad guys but you have this
administration saying let's go get all
these people who've been here along
who have US citizen children let's
separate families I think the backlash
is inevitable
John Sedgwick thank you very much for
being on the show this morning and you
Misha I want to go back to the children
and ask you what are we learning about
where the remaining children are we saw
a little girl I've been asking the
question on the air for weeks now where
are the girls where are the babies the
little girl was obviously traumatized
and so relieved to see her mother crying
but there are so many other little girls
aren't there where are the children and
exactly what is the plan to reunify with
them with their parents and are there
some hiccups in reunifying them all we
have been told repeatedly that this
would happen and days are turning into
weeks why well the main question is
because the federal government can I
answer the the critical question of how
are you going to reunify each and every
family John was just on he said on the
record that some of these separations
might be permanent so permanent
separation happens it happened under his
watch it happened it might happen under
the Trump administration watch and that
happens because adult cases might move
faster through the court system so you
might have someone like I talked to a
17-year old whose father is being held
in a New Mexico facility his dad might
be deported before the 17 year olds case
comes up so as a result the
seventeen-year-old might be staying here
for years waiting to hear whether or not
he'll get asylum in the United States so
you can imagine if these if there wasn't
a good tracking system in the United
States for these families and then you
deport the parent to a total foreign
country Honduras Guatemala El Salvador
and then you leave a four-year-old in
the United States that poor you don't
might become an orphan or that
four-year-old might become an orphan at
least in the system and then end up in
the system so long that that that four
you'll ends up getting adopted
the other thing that's important is that
while they say that they are that the
government says that they have a plan to
reunite these 2000 families they there's
hasn't been a tracking system that least
from what I've been told there has been
a tracking system that consistently will
tell you where every single child is so
some people got a number
some people were photographed with their
child the agencies that are supposed to
be working together which is the
Department of Health and Human Services
and the Department of Homeland Security
they also have all these bureaucratic
issues that they need to work
to make sure that their systems work
together so it could be weeks or even
months before these families are back
together and for some never damaged
thank you and that I you know truly
believe will be a stain on this
presidency separating children from
their families in order to throw perhaps
red meat to the base perhaps not it's
cruel and it's not who we are and
Richard
amidst all of this there's an election
in Mexico it was tell us how that plays
into all of this
well it's yet another example of
anti-establishment populist winning an
election very vague about what he will
actually do stands against corruption
against crime and so forth from any
vague promises again what's so
interesting about it it's the umpteenth
example though about how establishments
have essentially been overwhelmed around
the world and how all sorts of
implications russki you know him indeed
spend a lot of time with them my last
visit there and then and the question is
how successful is Mexico whether for
example he and Trump to populous can
actually get along despite some of the
rhetoric coming here whether NAFTA can
be preserved or modernized because if
Mexico succeeds on so many levels it's
good for us if Mexico however descends
ironically enough that will create once
again pressure on our southern border so
it is in for many reasons it is in our
strategic interest that he succeed but
again his his plans are at a level of
36,000 feet generality and how he's
going to deal with the the pressures of
office of translating the promises but
what you have is in Mexican people who
are so fed up with a corrupt failing
establishment that they will turn to
someone who is a true outsider who can't
be pinned down it just shows you what
happens in democracies when people feel
that traditional politics fail and they
are willing to turn to an alternative
and that's what we have in Mexico so
coming up conservative groups break with
the president on trade Americans for
Prosperity compared his tariffs to
placing speed bumps in front of a
Ferrari the organization's president
joins us next on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and May
sure you subscribe to stay up to date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
