on Air Force One this week President
Trump when he was speaking to reporters
seemed to leave the door open to
recognizing Russia's annexation of
Crimea saying we'll have to see what
happens when the issue comes up in the
meeting is the u.s. endorsing the idea
that international borders can be
redrawn by force is this actually a
topic no that's not the position of the
United States but I think the president
was newsworthy when he said it well I
don't know that that's what he said I
think he I think the president often
says we'll see to show that he's willing
to talk to foreign leaders about a range
of issues and hear their perspective
President Putin was pretty clear with me
about it and and my response was we're
gonna have to agree to disagree on
Ukraine but that's not up for
negotiation that's not the position of
the United States right but saying we'll
see suggest might be well we'll see well
that's shocking for our European I don't
think it's shocking at all as I said the
position of the United States is clear
on those right but is that open to
changing as the United States position
if the president saying the door is open
the president makes the policy he said
it's not shocking at all he mean every
body watching that could have finished
the sentence but John Bolten doesn't say
it but he probably wanted to say it's
not shocking at all Donald Trump is the
president the United States so just like
he owns the separation policy of
children at the border if this policy is
announced by this president we'll see
what happens but it will be owned by him
that would be to the extent there's any
rule in international relations that
keeps the world from being a jungle it's
the idea that you cannot use military
force to change borders the idea that
people are even thinking about thinking
about plan accepting what the Russians
have done in Crimea is stunning in a
world where you think you can't be
stunned anymore that is not again so
there's a lot of daylight between
president Trump and national security
advisor John Bolton regarding opinions
of Russia and Vladimir Putin as recently
as a year ago Bolton wrote an op-ed in
The Telegraph entitled Vladimir Putin
looked Trump in the eye and lied
correct we negotiate with Russia at our
peril correct incoming this guy's Jim
I've always Bolton called Putin a serial
liar who committed a quote act of war by
interfering in the 2016 election with
Anya
and as Russia's invasion of Crimea was
beginning Bolton wrote another op-ed
slamming Putin's agenda while arguing
the West should arm Ukraine here here
news goes news who is this guy David
Ignatius and where has he been all my
life and one for me actually for those
of us who have been concerned about John
Bolton the two Ares at least for me
where I took some comfort that John
Bolton would be inside there would be
Russia and Iran it's gonna be very
interesting to see well at North Korea
my god he was he was the he was the the
the hawk who was always pointing out the
fallacy of trying to negotiate with the
Kim family either way and talked about
actually bombing North Korea and bombing
Iran we're we're a long way from that
well that was then this is this is now I
thought that that little passage who
showed Walton yesterday was one of the
most squirm worthy I I have watched it
in the sense that every time you was
pressed on what is our policy about the
Russian continued holding of Crimea for
example he just said we'll see what you
did do you mean to say that that could
these officials are terrified of
contradicting a president whose
judgments from our tower day to day they
just don't know I think that's one of
the great untold stories of national
security at the Pentagon at the National
Security Council at the State Department
you have people who literally don't know
from one day to the next where the
president's going to end up and this is
after worrying our allies who try to
look at this and are finally just
shrugging their shoulders and saying you
know we're just gonna have to make our
own plans it's in Asia the the South
Koreans the Japanese are key allies in
Asia have watched the conduct of the
negotiations with North Korea in the
same way what's this guy gonna do next
right they don't know and they're
beginning my point is they're beginning
to make alternative plans for their
security and that's really what should
concern us as they begin to move away
from what's been a reliable American
security umbrella toward different ways
of thinking about how to stay safe I
only wish Republicans on Capitol Hill
would make alternative plans for what
the gops national security plan looks
like Casey not because on the hill for
those Republicans who were afraid of a
more fearful of a tweet being directed
their way than North Korea they're
taking advantage of us when it comes to
nuclear negotiations Republicans on the
hill are in the same position where
they're afraid to speak out because they
don't know what Donald Trump is going to
say tomorrow and here you have again the
question of hanging over Congress this
week even though you know Russia's
telling Reuters that it's not on the
agenda Russia doesn't know whether it's
on the agenda or not because well Donald
Trump may put it on the agenda and you
know we may not have any idea what the
president actually says in this meeting
I mean you'll remember one of the last
times he encountered the the Russian
president he didn't have a translator
with him that was on the American side
so to a certain extent we have no idea
you know what those conversations are
about and I think you know this is one
of the things where you have actually
seen members of Congress come out and
and speak pretty forcefully about this
president's relationship about America's
relationship with the Russians about the
dangers of Russian meddling in the
election you actually had the president
acknowledge a little bit more along the
lines of what act happened and and their
attempts to sow discord in our elections
and I had heard before in his interview
with Maria Bartiromo
but you know I do think there's a
serious divide on this there are a lot
of Republicans who didn't think that he
enforced the sanctions strongly enough
so this is a this is a potential
opportunity I think for Republican
members to step out front on something
well and Lindsey Graham actually decided
to do so maybe it was coordinated with
the White House I don't know but Lindsey
stepped up pretty aggressively over the
weekend
take a look I'm concerned when the
president tweets you know Russia denies
they meddled in our election when they
say they didn't meddle they're lying so
I'm glad the president is going to
confront Putin show him the evidence you
got mr. president because it's
overwhelming in many ways this
administration's been tough on Russia
we've armed the Ukraine we've imposed
sanctions we kicked out diplomats but
the idea that Russia did not meddle in
our election is fake news they did
meddle in our election and they're doing
it again in 2018 please nobody tell
people on other networks that I'm
surprised more Republicans haven't
spoken like that yeah and you can be
supportive of the president a team
player on the Republican side and still
be honest forthright and critical of
Donald Trump when he deserves to be
criticized if you're a Russia Hawkin
there's a lot to be happy with this
administration about many have talked
about it the extent to which we've
supplied arms to Ukraine we've put the
interceptor missiles and in Central
Europe sanctions people who deserve
sanctions etc etc the exception to that
rule is in Syria where the
administration came in with the design
of extra cating America from Syria
handing that responsibility over to
Russia essentially outsourcing our
responsibilities as a superpower to
Syria Russia is not going to maintain
our interests they are working hand in
glove with Bashar al-assad and Bashar
al-assad sees a very valuable presence
in the form of Isis in the form of
terrorist groups Islamist groups which
he can say we're the force of
civilization they are darkness you are
with us or against us outsourcing our
job in Syria to Russia which i think is
the extent to which there's any agenda
for a summit
I mean broke up our Donald Trump and
Vladimir Putin would be probably
disastrous for American objectives and
beyond that I see no reason to hold a
summit a presidential level summit with
Vladimir Putin especially just months
after he was accused of using well UK in
in the UK and
and allowing what's going on in Syria
and we're talking about Donald Trump
retreating his cowardly retreat from the
world it's cowardly proposal to retreat
from Germany it's cowardly proposal to
retreat from South Korea and of course
is cowardly and disastrous proposal to
retreat from the small presence that our
troops have in Syria where he wants to
turn Syria over to Russia to Assad and
to the Iranians it is hard to find a
single place where the investment of
four to five thousand American troops
can alter the balance of power more on
the globe than all right there with
three countries who consider themselves
to be enemies of the United States no
look there's a threat here and it's and
it's obvious and it's a it's a pattern
of American withdrawal from all these
institutions and arrangements an
American withdrawal of troops in America
and undermining of our alliances and
this is the worst possible way to walk
into a summit with Vladimir Putin you
know the idea that we're flirting with
the idea of recognizing the annexation
of route Ukraine we're flirting with
taking US forces out of Germany by the
way three-quarters of US forces have
already come out of Germany since the
end of the Cold War the idea that we're
criticizing the EU and the transatlantic
relationship what we're essentially
saying is our we have no more special
relationship with our allies we have no
more special commitment to our allies
than we are open I know we have to go
but David Ignatius Donald Trump accused
Barack Obama of being the founder of
Isis of creating Isis because of the
speedy retreat from Iran I mean from
Iraq and so he wants to he's wanted to
repeat the same mistake in Afghanistan
he wants to repeat the same mistake in
South Korea he wants to repeat the same
mistake in Germany he wants to repeat
the same mistake in an area that you
know a great deal about again that Syria
he wants America to cower and retreat
from the world this isn't even leading
from behind this is just being behind
Joe why President Trump has decided he
wants to
pull these troops out after what were
hard-won victories the truth is that in
four years under a policy initially
launched by President Obama embraced by
President Trump carried through but by
him in in in a sensible way we had an
overwhelming victory against Isis it's
nearly completed why at Trump now wants
to lose that leverage is a puzzle that
you know generals Admirals all the
senior Pentagon officials just are
struggling to understand in effect we
are in the process of turning the future
of Syria over to Russia and and seeing
Syria as as a battleground simply to
contain Iranian influence moving west
it's an important goal but it's not that
it's not the end of Syria policy one of
the most interesting things things has
happened in the last few months is that
Russia and Israel now have found common
cause on some elements of Syria policy
that's what's really driving the agenda
towards this Helsinki summit is that is
that is the Israeli Russian agreement
about what serious should look like
which the United States is gonna go
along with in the meantime all that hard
work that we did in the East I've been
there three times traveling with our
troops and I'll tell you they worked
hard to get the stability that they have
there now it's gonna go away
as soon as those troops come out all
right so speaking of Russia a
controversial call in the Russia Spain
match Vladimir Putin the greatest upsets
the VAR World Cup history really an
upset if it's a scam oh now you don't
know now a lot of people are ones rain
players in the box
who is that the controls we're gonna
discuss that ahead on the morning job
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
