all right joining us now from Washington
DC with a look at access am
editor-in-chief for Axios Nicholas
Johnston Nick great to have you with us
on this hot morning in humid morning
what is ax is one big thing for us yeah
our one big thing this morning is a
scoop that Trump administration
officials are thinking of New York City
as a place for round two of the North
Korea summits this would be happening in
September possibly on the sidelines of
the UN General Assembly this is when a
bunch of world leaders show up in New
York for meetings at the UN the Trump
administration officials we're talking
to our saying this could be used as a
carrot maybe an incentivization to keep
North Korea moving forward you know
there's been a little bit of a gap
between some of the language about
denuclearization and the actual actions
so offering the second round already
might be a way to sort of buy some time
to give the North Koreans more time to
begin to act remember Secretary of State
Pompeyo will be in North Korea I think
later this week to try and push that
process along yeah if you thought
traffic was bad during the ung I can
only imagine how much worse it would be
when Kim German is in town all right
so axes report comes though as questions
mount over Werth whether North Korea is
actually taking steps to denuclearize
how might that interact that's a second
summon that's exactly the tension point
here that they're floating the idea of
the second summit to try and get some
movement on the issue of
denuclearization there were a lot of
really rough headlines over the weekend
reporting at North Korea might still be
undergoing nuclear operations at secret
sites might still be working on missile
development it might be working on
secret plans to continue to our place
continued work on nuclear operations
even after they say they're stepping
back on this a lot of the experts we
talked to by this issue are very bearish
on this kind of progress that's i'ma run
out of a line room what Ronald Reagan
said about the Soviets trust but verify
about the North Korean that's don't
trust and verify and the verification
process is that the real sticking point
here about whether to make sure that
they're moving forward on what they
promise to in that first summit so is
there a widening gap right now between
the president's optimism in what he is
saying with his tweets with what he said
after the historic summit and what the
US intelligence community is saying
because it seems they're not now on the
same page about this issue right I think
that's a good way of reading it Donald
Trump over the weekend in an interview
said he would seal North Korea was
making progress but the
evidence of that doesn't exist yet
inspectors haven't been into the country
to where the figure this is actually
happening and in the reporting of Axios
and others are showing that North Korea
hasn't lived up to those promises yet
and hasn't even followed up on the
rhetoric from the first summit so I
think that's the big concern here that
whether floating an idea for a second
summit now might show North Korea that
the u.s. is serious about trying to get
progress on that but it's unclear North
Korea would actually respond
all right let's switch gears for a
moment talk about another exclusive
reporting you guys have over at access
this one about a bill that President
Trump is considering or at least his
administration is considering to blow up
or blow open the world trade order what
kind of steps would that bill take right
this is a follow-up to our scoop on
Friday when we reported that Donald
Trump been telling people administration
that he hates the World Trade
Organization and wants to get out of it
well now we have the proof on paper a
draft bill that Trump himself ordered up
that one last US pull out of the World
Trade Organization be able to set carats
unilaterally across the board and was
certainly completely up end sort of the
global trade order which is existed the
night around the world for decades so
how does this decision if it does happen
and play out play into the bigger policy
of this administration when you think of
all of the other organizations
agreements that he's taking the United
States and whether it's issues like NATO
g7 climate change right exactly this
that bets the list right there you can
see from the very from day one of his
administration Donald Trump went to war
with the global order which he says
wasn't helping American companies and
with him helping American workers that's
why he pulled out a TPP that's why he's
offered whether we're renegotiating
NAFTA pulled out of the Iran deal pulled
out of the Paris climate deal and now
talking about this blowing up the World
Trade Organization President Trump has
been sort of very consistent in his
rhetoric from day one that he thinks a
lot of these multilateral global
organizations don't help America and so
he wants them changed all right one more
for you before we let you go
what are you watching out for this week
oh we're on one week away from a Supreme
Court announcement Trump told us on
Friday that he's got a list of five so
we're gonna spend all week trying to
figure out those five before he lets us
know yeah keep the cameras on on the
west wing see who's walking in and
Nikolas Johnson great to have you with
us of course we're gonna be reading Axia
Sam in just a little bit and to all of
our viewers out there you too can sign
up for the newsletter by going to sign
noxious calm hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
