Mitt Romney's political comeback is in
full swing the 2012 Republican
presidential nominee won a landslide
victory in Utah's GOP Senate primary on
Tuesday I caught up with Romney in the
wake of his win this week and I started
out by asking him why at a time when so
many Republicans seem to be leaving
Washington he wants to go well I think
these are times a call for people of
sober judgment I hope I fit that
qualification and I think it's a
critical time I think we're going into a
a turbulence internationally of
significance and I think domestically
our economy is going to get turned it's
set by virtue of artificial intelligence
and automation and I think you need to
have people in Washington to understand
how the economy works and I think I'm
one of those you mentioned a foreign
policy in the world in 2012 you called
Russia our greatest geopolitical foe
this is to Russia this is without
question our number one geopolitical foe
do you still think that's the case and
do you feel a little bit vindicated well
there's no question they've acted like a
geopolitical foe
they backed some of the world's worst
actors they've invaded neighboring
nations and of course they've interfered
with democracies and electoral processes
not only in the US but around the world
but they're not alone there other
geopolitical adversaries that doesn't
mean we're ever going to be in a kinetic
conflict with them or with other major
nations like China but China is also
becoming a bit of a geopolitical
competitor if you will if that's a
better word and that they're there
pushing against our interests and
various parts of the world you've got
these authoritarian regimes who want to
denigrate democracy and the nature of
our Republic and substitute a form of
authoritarianism do have any advice for
President Trump when he meets with
Vladimir Putin his national security
adviser is in Russia right now planning
that meeting you know I don't know that
I offer advice to the President on
meeting with Vladimir Putin I think that
we as a nation and as our leaders have
to recognize that their interest is to
weaken democracies like our own and as
the if you will the leader of the free
world they want to see us in particular
be weakened and so pushing back against
them and holding a strong hand always
makes sense do you think Putin
enemy of the United States well I think
he sees us as a a competitor and an
adversary if you will in a geopolitical
sense we're not gonna go to war with
Russia hopefully never and likewise with
with other major nations but but his
interests are very different than our
interests and and his interest is to
play a greater greater dominant role to
oppress people and nations around his
nation former Soviet states and that is
not something which is acceptable to
people who value freedom do you think
the Russia investigation is a hoax no I
think it's a totally appropriate
evaluation by our government Russia is
clearly trying to become involved in the
electoral process here and distort that
process we need to find out how and
where punish the people who have
potentially been involved in that kind
of disruption and I'd like to see the
Moller investigation completed take it
to its conclusion I are going to see
something which implicates the president
I think that's very unlikely based I'm
kind of the soundings that that have
been heard so far but I do think we need
to understand where Russia has been
trying to play and to make sure they
can't do so in the future on the
domestic front the house is set to vote
this week on an immigration bill
Congress has tried over and over and
over again to try to pass immigration
legislation it's been decades do you
think this has become the third rail for
Republicans immigration well I think
it's become a great source of economic
success for the Democrats they talk
about bringing in place a a new
immigration policy excuse me political
success for the Democrats I think I
think immigration is something they use
to stimulate their base to get people to
turn out and to support them at the
ballot box but then they don't do
anything about it I mean there was a
time as you may recall when President
Obama had a supermajority both the House
and the Senate he could have passed
immigration reform like he said he was
going to in his first year he promised
but he did was true of George W Bush
though too he wanted to do comprehensive
immigration reform yeah and he put but
he put his bill forward he worked on his
bill put it forward fought for it got
turned down all right you can respect
someone who fights for something even if
it gets turned down President Obama
President Obama had both chambers
supermajority didn't do
anything now I happen to believe that
there's goodwill in both parties and
that if we have some real leadership and
hopefully that comes from the White
House to say look let's get this part of
it done that we're gonna be able to see
something happen if not I'm gonna keep
fighting for it as one of those that
really cares about this issue it's just
it's just nuts to see what we've seen
for all these years support a pathway to
citizenship for our dreamers I believe
dreamers ought to be able to get in line
like everybody else no special pathway
and I agree with what the president said
early in the year which is the dreamers
ought to be given legal status until
they work out what they want to do with
regards to citizenship you mentioned a
goodwill you say there's goodwill in
both parties the country has kind of
been embroiled in this debate over
civility and whether or not it's even
possible in in the climate that we're
living in currently do you think
civility is dead well I don't think it's
dead I think it's just not being
practiced in many corners of Washington
DC I mean you see in most state houses
people get along Republicans and
Democrats whether it's a Republican
governor or Democrat governor people
tend to get along but in Washington it's
become extraordinarily divisive and
particularly what's covered in the in
the news obviously someone lights their
hair on fire that's what makes the news
but there are of course this past week
of us children being separated from the
border well that's of course that's
something that's not just relating to
civility that's just humanity basics
what sparked many of these altercations
Sarah Sanders being kicked out of a
restaurant Stephen Miller being
confronted etc yeah and I I think we've
over our history when people have felt
that there's been a part from what they
consider to be moral conduct they're
gonna stand up and and make their their
positions well I think it's I think it's
fine to express your your viewpoint and
not I'm not going to tell people what to
do and what not do but I would far
prefer people going to public places
if you will parks across in the White
House or or parks occur you know the
mall across from the nation's capital
and gathering together and protesting in
that way the message is heard loud and
clear but harassing people I just don't
think that's very effective and frankly
as someone who hopes to go to Washington
I hope it doesn't catch on final
question cuz I know we have to wrap it
up but you said recently that you voted
for your
and Romney highly highly qualified
capable person for president in 2016
will you vote for president Trump in
2020 you said you think he's going to
get reelected it's too early to say who
I will support yeah I did say I think
he'll get reelected that's not an
endorsement I mean I you know I also
think that Gavin Newsom will get elected
in California that's not something I
want to see it's just something that's
probably going to happen do you want
somebody to run against him against
president Roth is that a question of
want there will be people who decide I
presume to get in a Republican primary I
think the president's support among
Republicans what is it now 90% approval
suggests he will be able to become the
nominee relatively easily and I think
the Democrats are gonna go further left
they're likely to nominate someone
further from the mainstream of American
thought and in a setting like that I
think the president gets reelected
you're not yet willing to say that
you'll vote for him I'm not willing to
say who I'm gonna support at this stage
that's a little early for that but the
time will come hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
