you see anybody from that cabinet in a
restaurant that moment of Maxine
congresswoman waters was attacked by
Donald Trump and her own colleagues and
she even received death threats
hashtag civility but on Saturday at a
California protest against Trump's
draconian immigration policies the
congresswoman had a message for her
critics I know that there are those who
are talking about centering me talking
about kicking me out of Congress talking
about shooting me talking about hanging
me
all I have to say is this if you shoot
me you better shoot straight there's
nothing like a wounded animal joining me
now is California congresswoman Maxine
Waters congresswoman thank you so much
for being here and I want to first start
by asking you to just assure our viewers
who we as you know we you're a favorite
of the show are you have you been safe
tell us a little bit about that aspect
of things you want to know about the
have you been safe you know our things
okay I know that there were some death
threats this week sure absolutely
as you know I've had several death
threats one such person will be in court
in July was arrested was charged some
time ago but since the president's a
speech and so-called response to my
words that I said early on about what
was going on with those in his cabinet
who were booed and who were asked out of
a restaurant etc I've received more
death threats and one talked about Lynch
and me the other one I believe talked
about shooting me so you know basically
I believe in peaceful protests but when
they say they're gonna kill me I do
report it yes yes absolutely and to you
you have had the unusual and
extraordinary and it has to be
frightening experience of being
personally attacked by named by the
President of the United States who
tweeted earlier this week attacking your
intelligence saying you and put a Nancy
Pelosi to become the faces Democratic
Party claiming that you called for harm
to his supporters which you did not be
careful what you wish for max a pretty
ominous ending to that tweet then I want
to play what Donald Trump said on
Wednesday and this was during one of his
rallies
take a listen okay Maxine she's a beauty
I mean she practically was telling
people the other day to assault can you
imagine if I said the things she said
can you imagine seriously if I said that
or somebody else said that I mean with
the caveat that some of the things he
said at his rallies do seem to have
called for people to assaulted but can
you just you know for the average
citizen who's not experienced had it
having the president I states go after
them personally like that you know what
is that like as a citizen of this
country let alone a member of Congress
well you know I was blessed with courage
and I was blessed with the kind of
strength that does not allow me to be
intimidated by the likes of Donald Trump
as a matter of fact early on in your
program today you played several clips
showing how violent he is and how he
supports violence and why he calls other
people names and all of this
extraordinary outrageous activity of the
President of the United States the likes
of which we've never seen before so I am
prepared for him again I'm not
intimidated by him I think he does not
deserve to be the president of the
United States and I simply stand up to
him and so he'll keep doing that as he
has done throughout his limited career
views and I'm going to get on we're
talking about what we as Democrats are
doing to deal with the most important
issues of our times important issues
that we need to be focused on and
providing the kind of public policy that
will help create housing in this country
we have a housing crisis that will try
and protect Obama care the ACA that they
are trying to tear down every day that
will deal with infrastructure so that we
can create jobs we can walk and chew gum
at the same time I can defend against
him and I can promote good public policy
I intend to do that and let him call me
whatever he wants to call me let him say
whatever he wants to say he will not
stop me he cannot cause me to shut down
that's what they would like to do they
want
to run away they want me to stop talking
they want me to be quiet but he can't do
that to me I won't stand for it
and not only did you have that you know
that the the right came after you but
you had even the leadership of the
Democratic Party Nancy Pelosi issuing a
statement criticizing you and this is
Chuck Schumer the leader of the
Democratic leader of the Senate on
Monday I strongly disagree with those
who advocate harassing folks if they
don't agree with you
if you disagree with the politician
organize your fellow citizens to action
and vote them out of office but no one
should call for the harassment of
political opponents that's not right
that's not American were you surprised
to have the leadership of your own party
come out and essentially call you an
American
well you know I was surprised that Chuck
Schumer you know reached into the other
house to do that
I have not quite seen that done before
but you know one of the things that
recognized being an elected official is
in the final analysis you know
leadership like Chuck Schumer's will do
anything that they think is necessary to
protect their leadership and so what I
have to do is not focus on them I've got
to keep the focus on the children and
the fact that this administration is
endangering children in the worst kind
of way we have children that spread all
across this country in detention centers
basically in cages in jails separated
from their parents we have parents who
may have been deported and their
children are here in the United States
somewhere and then they talk about how
these detention centers have volunteers
that are doing what are they taking
these children away are they allowing
people to have access to these children
in the most unusual way without vetting
them without knowing who they are we
want these children reconnected I'm not
going to let them get me off of that
path of talking about that I'm going to
continue as many others in the Congress
are doing going to jail for we've got to
stand up by the children and as I've
said and I said yesterday if we can't
protect the children we can't protect
anybody yeah I think in the requited was
on the same page when she talked about
this sort of general call for civility
she said give me a break what's more
uncivil and cruel than taking children
away it should be met with resolve and
strength and if some of that comes
across as a little uncivil well
children's lives are at stake their
futures are at stake that is ridiculous
concept of both sides ISM I want to ask
you as a member of Congress one of the
challenges has been our Democrats able
to get the information that as members
of Congress one would think you'd be
entitled to on behalf of your
constituents about the locations of
these children and what the
administration is doing to comply with
the federal judge's order to give them
back to their parents we don't have the
information we don't know where they are
this administration tried to trick
people the President of the United
States said he was coming out and
reversing his position and was going to
connect the children he has not done
that the only children that was ever
connected were those who were already at
the border who had not been dispensed
out into the country and so no we don't
know where they are we don't know where
the parents are we don't know anything
it is outrageous
that America led by this unworthy
president could be in a position where
we're endangering the lives of all of
these children and we can't account for
them they can't account for them I don't
know if they ever will be able to do it
and we've seen many many hearings on
everything from Benghazi to Hillary
Clinton's emails as a member of the
House of Representatives on the calendar
are there any plans for hearings about
the disposition of these migrant
children who've been taken from their
parents I don't know that there is as a
matter of fact it has gone on too long
without these hearings as a matter of
fact if Democrats were in the leadership
we would not allow this kind of thing to
take place without having hearings
without doing more Democrats have been
going to the borders Democrats have been
trying to find out how this
administration has operated you know in
this immigration policy and so no the
Republicans are not doing it they're not
doing the hearings they're not visiting
the borders they're not doing anything
but lying to us about where these
children are because I don't think they
even know and you know did a lot of what
you know the folks are hearing when you
when you hear from Democratic voters
woman is that there's not a lot of
confidence particularly among young
Democrats that if the Democratic
leadership won't stand up to the Trump
administration and won't stand up for
someone like you who's calling for
peaceful civil disobedience it gives
people a lot of doubt that if the House
and the Senate were to change hands the
Democrats would actually be much
stronger than what they've seen to date
it should people feel confident that the
Democratic Party would strongly oppose
this president if they were to regain
leadership in the House and Senate well
let me just tell you this first of all
the people of this country no matter
Republican or Democrat do not like the
idea that children have been separated
and so Republicans are making a mistake
thinking they can hold on to that
constituency that so-called belongs to
Donald Trump on this issue Republicans
and Democrats independents alike or
opposed to what is going on and yes
people do want to see us be stronger and
more forceful and to confront them on
these policies and I'm hopeful that even
Democrats haven't seen the kind of
outpouring of protests over 700
incidences of protests this weekend
seeing that they will be more forceful
more confrontational and more prepared
to push back on this administration I
think that the people are showing them
this is what they would have us do well
before I let you go congressman I have
to show you this hopefully you can see
it on the monitor this is a tweet
showing congresswoman Maxine Waters with
chadwick boseman and I believe he was at
the immigration rally on Saturday you
can see what the the person who tweeted
that said two heroes you and King
T'Challa there you go so I wanted to
show that with another moment of Maxine
that happened on Saturday and I want to
thank you congresswoman have a great
Sunday thank you for being here you're
welcome thank you very much and still
ahead the Texas woman hoping to flip a
deep red district with the help of one
of the most viral campaign ads of the
year she joins me live next
you're watching MSNBC International
wherever forces clash we've been hearing
incoming rounds have been whistling past
wherever leaders assert their power the
easy part is over now the hard part
begins wherever crowds gather two
syllables or voices shout to be heard
our journalists will be there bringing
the world into focus
we got the dolphin out there and that we
held it there for quite some time my
hand underneath the underneath I could
feel the heart just racing I mean it was
just certainly a strange and actually
Ziller ating moment to know that we
actually got those dolphins back out
bunch of strangers all working together
- dolphins on their way back to where
they belong
I did not know you were a dolphin
whisperer Bravo to you my friend Kerry
Sanders you are amazing
I love it what America works it's never
the purists imposters the critics and
complainers who get things done it's the
leaders that's our pride and they don't
speak for us they roar like lions they
keep me going nonstop Good Morning Joe
speaks truth to power he is destroying
the Republican Party for years to come
with access to the people who matter
it's not about your dad it's about the
country from the Senate floor why isn't
there more of a sense of urgency about
Porter we go to the Oval Office you
can't be a counselor to the President
and not commented through every hallway
in the Beltway
I said America will be strong we will
survive this morning Joe weekdays 6:00
to 9:00 on MSNBC wheel number ten
section 2a states a player shall not run
with the ball without dribbling it
that's the rule but what about our
politics are there any rules anymore and
if so will anybody play by them these
days politics could use a little referee
and we're not afraid to blow the whistle
you told one reporter I had no meetings
of the Russians and now you're telling
me I had no means are the Russians about
the things they were talking about I'm
just trying to get a straight answer
like did you meet Sergei kiss Locke in
Cleveland did you talk to him I I'm not
gonna deny that I talked with him I
don't say I will say that I never met
him anywhere outside of Cleveland let's
let's just to say that much the only
time that you met him was in Cleveland
what that I may have many of them
possibly order
have been in Cleveland tomorrow's
headlines before they go to print
what would your lead be about this event
at the White House
tomorrow's questions before anyone's
asked them how far is this from normal
the 11th hour with Brian Williams
weeknights on MSNBC coming up much more
on Donald Trump Supreme Court pick and
what Democrats might do if anything to
stop it in MJ Hegar the candidate whose
campaign video went viral last week
joins me live don't go anywhere
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
