the decline in civility ahead of the
midterm elections appears to be only
getting worse in Virginia the Republican
Party they're posted a photo on its
Facebook and Twitter accounts of
Democrat Leslie Cockburn saying that she
hates America
Cockburn is running against Republican
Denver Riggleman for the state's fifth
congressional district a spokesman for
Riggleman has declined to comment on the
post while Cockburn spokesperson said
that the Democrat was stunned that his
opponent wouldn't condemn the attack
meanwhile in Pennsylvania Republican
gubernatorial candidate Scott Wagner is
walking back comments he made in a
campaign video against Governor Tom wolf
in which he threatened violence
governor wolf let me tell you between
now and November 6 you better put a
catcher's mask on your face because I'm
gonna stop all over your face with golf
spikes because I'm gonna win this for
the state of Pennsylvania and we're
throwing you out of office Wagner took
the video down and posted a new one in
which she said he may have used a poor
choice of words
man this is a guy who he made the video
and then chose to release it there were
so many steps involved wasn't exactly
like somebody wrote that script and
everyone looked at it and said this is a
great idea and then they shot it and
then they looked at it and then they
released it I mean usually when you
release a campaign video you're psyched
about what you've created yeah so all
those people are really I think they'd I
think you know they I think they may
have misread the mood at the moment
especially when so many Republicans are
making an issue out of Democrats
supposedly being captain of the
left-wing mob it suddenly landed in that
moment people were like oh if we're
gonna make that argument it's hard to
say this this is it's crazy time still
ahead did Newt Gingrich paved the way
for Donald Trump's rise to the
presidency the former Speaker of the
House seemed
to think so we'll have that new
reporting next on Morning Joe
governor wolf let me tell you between
now and November 6 you better put a
catcher's mask on your face because I'm
gonna stop all over your face with golf
spikes because I'm gonna win this for
the state of Pennsylvania and we're
throwing you out of office thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
