the night show male and gayleen who
protects immigrant yo mama now y'all did
and gives courage leaders are addressing
the growing crowd at the rally in
Washington DC one of the hundreds of
rallies around the country demanding an
end to trump zero zero tolerance policy
on immigration we have reporters spread
out at the rallies from coast to coast
NBC's Blake McCoy is on the ground in
New York City
NBC's kau Perry is in El Paso Texas and
MSNBC chorus part Mariana Atencio is in
Los Angeles ok Blake McCoy tell us what
you're seeing in New York well this is a
rally joy that started in lower
Manhattan outside of City Hall and has
now turned into a march across the
Brooklyn Bridge this crowd spans the
entire length of the Brooklyn Bridge
right now thousands if not 10,000 people
out here standing up for immigration and
this is all happening you know here in
lower Manhattan in the shadow of the
Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island you
can see the Statue of Liberty perhaps
off in the distance there and the people
we've spoken to say you know they know
they're speaking in an echo chamber here
in New York City but they believe so
firmly that trumps immigration policies
are changing the fabric of America and
against everything but that statue in
Ellis Islands stand for that they they
can't let it continue any longer and
they want their voices heard right now
they're marching from lower Manhattan
across the Brooklyn Bridge into Brooklyn
where there will be a rally joy thank
you very much uh played like can you
just tell us where does this terminate
is this gonna be is there gonna be a
second rally wherever they're going to
yeah that's exactly right it has in a
square in Brooklyn there's going to be a
rally so there were there are kind of
two points there was the meeting point
and then there's a rally point in
Brooklyn all right like thank you very
much appreciate it let's now go to Cal
Perry who's in El Paso Texas give us an
update from where you are Cal yeah hey
joy so we're at the border take a look
just over that wall is Juarez we're
still in El Paso this March has really
gotten gotten larger and larger by the
minute most of all because if you take a
look at the storefronts that run this
whole area I'm sorry you take a look at
the storefronts I run this area people
are literally just coming out of these
stores they're joining this March the
goal was to get here to the border and
obviously make the point that these camp
cities these tent cities are just not
acceptable to the people that are here
I'm going to try to grab you so excuse
me sir sir give a minute no all right
some people don't want to talk joy for
obvious reasons other people do want to
talk the message here yeah is that the
administration's policy of detaining
these children separating them from
their families especially when you talk
to this community is just unacceptable
this is a community that believes the
children that are in that tent city just
about 40 minutes to the south of here
our children that belong in this
community lots of signs saying that
people wish those children would just be
released back into this community that
this community would take care of them
keep in mind joy this is a community
that deals with Juarez every day people
cross back and forth every day for
school and for work so the idea for
example that I so we were talking a lot
about ice the example that people would
be separated from their families it's
just ridiculous to have a minute to shed
I can't sign it right now why are you
here you know a lot of people are
talking about ice
what is ice like for this community
there you go joint listen yes ma'am so
there you go when you talk to you about
ice it sucks what you also hear from
people is that they're viewed here
frankly if you talk to people here like
the secret police they pull people away
from their families they pull people out
of schools and that's that's just a way
of life here joy yeah absolutely count I
can tell you just from being down there
how integral that community is with
waters on the other side of the border I
even met a couple who were an American
couple who were heading down to waters
to go to the dentist you know like I
mean it happens all the time
can you just very quickly talk about
that integration of those two
communities because that would make
sense as to why you have so many people
who are out touring where you are yeah
this community again I mean this is a
community you just look at these stores
this is a community that survives on its
relationship with Mexico this is a
community that survives I mean we saw
people crossing back and forth every day
going to school one of the problems that
people gonna have today is that
footbridge has been shut down out of an
abundance of caution out of an abundance
of national security people here are
tired of hearing about national security
it doesn't make any sense
El Paso is a safe city warez has its
problems Mexico has an election going on
but for the people in this community who
crossed back and forth every day it just
doesn't make any sense because the
relationship joy is truly truly
symbiotic yeah absolutely calipari thank
you very much we'll come back and check
in on you a little bit later let's go to
Mariana Atencio who is at the rally in
Los Angeles what's going on where you
are Mariana not much just yet joy this
rally is set to start in about two hours
from now but you can see they're already
setting the stage for speakers like
Senator Kamala Harris the mayor of Los
Angeles
Garcetti also expected here the start
point of this rally is City Hall over
here to my left and they're expecting
almost 10,000 people they tell me joy I
spoke to Jorge Mario Contreras from
cheer LA one of the organizers and he
says they are asking people to rally for
three things to stop the deportations to
stop the separations and to stop what he
called the Trump administration's zero
humanity policy he says that the outrage
and the indignation at what's happening
has reached a breaking point in this
community and he's asking people who'll
be out here rallying today to also do
two things to register to vote that will
be made available for folks here but
also to donate to the organizations that
are helping reunify these families
because as we have been discussing
throughout the morning according to the
organizers and according to these
parents it is not happening fast enough
joy and Mariana very quickly you know
you we talked about ice and there is now
a growing sort of call for ice to be
abolished among some people who say that
they are cruel in the way that they've
treated immigrants but you actually have
interviewed some people who are board of
security officers themselves and I
wonder in some of these communities
where they live in the community where
there are the community as well what are
they telling you is this a policy that
is popular among people who were in the
border security who are on the ground
doing this job I was embedded with them
last week for several days joy and many
of them tell me they are also human
beings too they are also parents they
see the desperation in these mothers
when they have to take in a woman who is
six eight months pregnant trying to give
her children a better life they can't
help but feel for them so this is a
policy that is is really tugging at the
heartstrings of many of the officials of
many of the workers inside these
facilities and at the border as well and
ironically I spoke to one of my contacts
at the Border Patrol yesterday and I
said what do you think about all of
these abolish ice chants that we're
hearing about throughout the nation and
he said actually it it puts the focus
somewhere else it lets us do our job in
a smoother way because we still have to
and all the people that are coming here
and deal with the smugglers but at the
same time they need ice in order to hand
over the folks that need to go into
detention so it it's almost a vicious
cycle and it's why you have so many
lawmakers and people out here calling
for comprehensive immigration reform you
seem to come right back to that every
single time and we still get nowhere
with it exactly we'll see maybe this
time Arianna Atencio thank you very much
really appreciate it coming up more live
coverage or the families belong together
rallies here in Washington and around
the country stay with us dear friend I
wish I could meet you and help you to
follow your dreams because that is
something no one can ever take away from
you the pain they feel today is the
strength you will need to carry on and
keep going it may feel hard but you can
do it I know you can this is a letter to
all the children in the detention
centers do not think of America as a
cruel place where people hate you and
put you in jail there are people good
people who are going to help you find
your families again
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
