if you ever feel alone just think of me
and all the other people in the world
that want to help you and your family
get back together I know that if we met
we would be great friends and we could
talk about what you are going through
and make you feel better
your friend attitude this is a letter to
all the children of the detention
centers do not think of America as a
cruel place or people hate you and put
you in jail there are people good people
who are going to help you find your
families again family separation is not
right and then and we will keep fighting
until in each and every one of you is
back in your families again that is a
promise
my father came to America at age 17 with
$400 in his pocket
now he has his own business a wife my
sister and I a nice house in a beautiful
neighborhood is a proud American citizen
so don't give up hope
anything is possible
and you can't be with your family that
is so messed up I would miss I'll miss
my family cute I would miss the hugs and
playing with my sister I wish I could
give you a big hug I know that kid
should be with families
welcome back to am joy right now people
across the country are rallying against
Donald Trump's cruel immigration
policies and demanding that children be
reunited with their families joining me
now is former State Department senior
adviser Nara hawk Madalena incopy a
executive director for the National
Immigration Law Center and Anousheh Hill
saying contributing writer for Forbes
magazine so that was very difficult to
get through that crying I've done so for
little kids just read letters to kids in
detention who were separate from their
parents we got 2/3 of them because we
were doing it live I think that last one
might have been Lucy Meneses sheets cuz
she's the youngest 7 NOLA chinny da da
who is 10 also read a letter Addison
silver who's 10 and Olivia Friedman
who's 9 that's lovely these kids wrote
letters to the kids in detention but how
depressing is it that American kids are
writing letters to American kids who are
incarcerated by the American government
but they're being taught that ok that's
what I got they're being taught empathy
and what we've been seeing around the
country for people who are standing up
and saying of course you should be you
know if a parent commits a crime and the
you bring a child along with you in a
crime then the child has to suffer also
that is a distinct lack of empathy for
another human being and so I'm finding a
lot of hope in this rally and the
language and just the people being
together in this way we're coming
together solidarity that this we will we
can have in a better direction and money
Lena can you just reiterate for people
just the the you know people talk about
illegal entry as a crime it is a
misdemeanor and also presenting yourself
for asylum right it's not illegal that's
right joy the first thing I'll say just
in reaction to these children is that
this is such a defining moment for this
country meet today's March all over the
country is a march for the soul of our
nation and these children right the fact
that they are they are set themselves
being transformed just as the children
who are being incarcerated are being
transformed and look seeking asylum
seeking safety in our country has been
part of the bedrock of our nation and it
is their right to do so under both US
law and international law and this
administration is trying to criminalize
and prosecute them for something they
have a right to do let me before I'm
ready to come back to the table for just
want
let's listen to John Lewis he is
speaking at the Atlanta rally
we will never get a woman like that
we all can do we all can do is go to you
it doesn't matter hope you find a pilot
you Asian American later
I came to this man in different ship
and we must keep them rather teach
people in power
that's what the each and every one of
you when the election they come around
we gotta walk
alright that was the great John Lewis
has been doing civil rights work since
he was 22 years old he was the younger
speaker at the march on Washington he's
speaking today in Atlanta at one of the
rallies that are taking place all over
the countries that are called families
belonged together protesting the Trump
administration policy of forcibly
separating children from their parents
of incarcerating children of caging
children of taking babies or
breastfeeding away from their moms and
putting them in detention understand
this is not summer camp they are in
detention I've seen it with my own eyes
taking children away from their parents
and putting them in detention I it's
hard to believe we're talking about the
United States of America initially I was
saying but we are we're talking about
children three-year-olds standing on a
table having to climb on a table and
represent themselves in court ardently
that's America but it is Hillary Clinton
recently asked about what the right
would like to talk about which is
civility meaning you know be nice be
nice nice too that Morris she said Oh
give me a break
I was whining and indignation give me a
break what is more uncivil and cruel
than taking children away it should be
met with the resolve and strength and if
some of that comes across as a little
ugh civil well children's lives are at
stake their futures earth exactly and I
think what's so amazing about these
marches and I completely agree with you
this is a battle for the soul of this
country and it's so great that people
are out on the streets not only
protesting and mobilizing but this
conversation needs to be taken over and
framed by women of color and mothers it
needs to stop being seen as a national
security issue where we have old white
men
telling us about you know ms-13 we have
dehumanized the president and this
administration immigrants to the point
that we think now seeking asylum and
seeking immigration is a crime it's not
a crime or illegal to seek asylum at
America's borders and so I think it's
amazing that what's happening because we
need to frame this this is a human
rights story isn't a criminal story so I
think it's great that people are out
there and we need more mothers and women
of color out there organizing and
framing this conversation it belongs to
us all so you know you're I you know I'm
sitting at a table here with the Hossein
in copying and hawk right and for women
of color from all you know backgrounds
sitting here this is America this is why
people come here because this is sort of
the magic that my parents saw at lo mein
and Carroll who came from this is the
magic of it but this is precisely the
thing that Donald Trump seems to believe
his base despises and that he can use as
a wedge to get reelected and to get more
Republicans elected that's a pretty
cynical view of his own base oh it's
actually a very cynical view of what
America is right now what America will
become we know that in the next 10 or 15
years America will look more shades of
brown than it will shades of white that
is very scary to some people who have
actually never interacted with
potentially another human being and what
Donald Trump is playing on is sharing
now images of fear making every person
who's brown with a tattoo look like a
gang member versus somebody who's just
expressing a you know eight it's similar
to white people who wear tattoos
expressing a freedom of expression and
that it the fact that these are the
images that are being put out for
communities to react to is what's
problematic can you talk freely too
quickly just for a second now you're
having work for the State Department how
does this look when the rest of the
world sees that America the American
people have to be in the streets to
protest taking breastfeeding babies away
from their moms in the United States I
think we have over idealized what the
United States has been to other
countries other countries are very
familiar with this type of activism
themselves they have had to do that to
maintain their old democracies or even
just to get to being a democracy in the
developing world so while it does take
the United States down a peg it does
humanize us in a way look we also have
to be
active in protecting and maintaining our
democracy we have been lazy
in years past people have not exercised
the most basic thing you're supposed to
do as a citizen which is vote and now
yes we are not only marching in the
streets but we are doing so in a
non-violent way that should give hope to
the rest of the world and matter Yelena
what hope do these families have in
terms of the legal avenues of getting
the kids back so I think there's a great
concern about whether the families will
all be able to be reunited this
administration is doing everything
possible to stop that we're waiting for
a decision in the Flores case we just
filed 16 FOIA at the National Gration
Law Center to get the data about what
exactly is happening how do we reunite
these families and there's gonna be
litigation on many many fronts the
courts will block this I'm hopeful for
the American people for voters and if
they don't you know what America has a
history of separating families we cannot
ignore the race factor in this slavery
Native Americans this is not going to
happen in 2018 on our watch we will do
whatever we can we must thank you very
much now you're on Hawk money Elena and
copy and Anisha Hossein I love
introducing this panel I love dispose of
these panels today this is America this
is America it should be more enjoy
coming up like Washington DC where the
families belong together rally is
underway along with hundreds more cities
nationwide stay with us else marching
that day we let those children know we
are fighting for them
we all have choices to make choices that
will define us as individuals and as a
nation especially those people working
in immigration right now
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
