thousands of protesters in more than 750
cities are expected to march in today's
families belong together rallies as the
future of at least two thousand and
forty seven children still in government
custody remains unclear joining me now
is MSNBC's Garrett Haake who's on the
ground at the rally here in DC is a
slight delay but Garrett please tell us
what you're seeing joy forgive the delay
and forgive me shouting into the
microphone here a little bit it is loud
and hot and people are fired up to be
out here today just before we came on
the speaker's started they interrupted a
very loud cheer thousands of people in
unison chanting vote them out this is a
political rally and people are fired up
about this issue and I have to tell you
just sort of wandering through the
crowds the mix of groups represented
here there are Jewish rights groups here
there are LBGT LBGT groups here there
are immigrants rights groups here of
course there are spanish-speaking groups
there english-speaking groups and God
bless them there was even a pro-life guy
out here with a microphone getting
shouting back and forth with people here
don't let anyone tell you the First
Amendment is dead we're looking at
probably a couple thousand people out
here just as the program is starting to
get underway as I think I mentioned
earlier today the sort of bold-faced
names here are some of these celebrity
speakers like lin-manuel Miranda Alicia
Keys is going to be here but we do
expect also hear from some of these
immigrant families both in English and
in Spanish and I think that's going to
be a very powerful moment for people who
have felt emotionally connected to this
story to this situation in a way that I
have not seen in Washington since the
health care debate that was sort of the
last thing where we saw people take this
show personally show emotionally and
come out with such fierceness to want to
speak their mind we're seeing that again
today and before I wrap up just a PSA
for folks who are watching or thinking
about attending one of these rallies
today particularly here in the Northeast
wear loose clothes bring water it is hot
joy thank you very much
Garrett appreciate it yeah it is one of
the hottest days of the year let's go
now to NBC's Blake McCoy he is at the
rally in New York City give us a sense
of what you're seeing Blake
well this is a rally on the move joy it
started near City Hall in lower
Manhattan we're now crossing the
Brooklyn Bridge into Brooklyn it's hard
to get a sense of crowd size when you're
in the crowd but easily easily thousands
of people this is Alexa from Brooklyn
Alexa what made it so important for you
to be here today I care about families I
care about children I think that all
families that have been separated there
needs to be guaranteed that they're
going to be reunited and as my shirt
says 98 it's illegal in theatres Obama
nobody's illegal in stolen lands
all right that's Alexa from Brooklyn
who's actually volunteering to help with
this March today their joy there's a
sense here in New York I've heard
several people say hey we live in a
bubble we know we're preaching to the
choir here in New York they want this to
be visible to the rest of the country
the people who live in middle America or
in Trump country so to speak that way
they see that this is a united force
coming to support these immigrants hey
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
