I think Stewart home for joining us this
hour happy Friday it is going to be a
big newsy weekend I have to let you know
we are expecting large-scale
demonstrations and a lot of them all
over the country there's going to be at
least one demonstration in every state
in the country tomorrow and most states
are going to have multiple
demonstrations we're expecting a
particularly large one in Washington DC
all of those coordinated demonstrations
we think there will be more than 700 of
them are all in opposition to the Trump
administration's policy of separating
kids from their parents now there have
been a whole bunch of developments on
the story of the Trump administration
separating kids from their parents just
in today's news including a big scoop on
that subject from NBC News and a whole
bunch of officials who actually work at
ice who are currently employed at
immigrations and Customs Enforcement
coming out with a surprising public
statement on this issue we're gonna have
more coverage on that over the course of
this hour I also need to tell you we've
got senator Cory Booker here tonight
live and in person very much looking
forward to talking with him senator
Booker has begun making a forceful case
in the US Senate that now that Supreme
Court Justice Anthony Kennedy has
announced his retirement from the court
according to senator Booker there are
real conflict of interest issues that
ought to constrain what happens next
year in terms of that Supreme Court
vacancy no president has ever made an
appointment to the US Supreme Court when
he and his campaign were the subject of
an ongoing serious FBI
counterintelligence investigation if the
President himself ends up personally
criminally implicated in that ongoing
investigation which is not an insane
prospect I mean the president's campaign
manager is about to go on trial next
month in federal court in Virginia on
multiple serious felony charges I mean
if that case or any of the other ongoing
elements of this investigation end up
personally criminally implicating the
president that will instantly call into
question a whole bunch of legal and
constitutional issues that have never
been formally settled by the Supreme
Court can a sitting president be
compelled to testify
if you give him a grand jury subpoena
that is not settled as a matter of
constitutional law can a sitting
president be indicted that is not
settled as a matter of constitutional
law can a sitting president pardon of
their people for the express purpose of
D railing a case against himself for or
members of his own family that is not
the sort of thing that's ever
definitively come up in federal court if
that possibility arose in relation to
this scandal the Supreme Court would
likely have to settle that matter can a
can of President pardoned himself while
he's continuing to serve as president
and that one I mean the president says
on Twitter he can but that doesn't count
as binding president yet if the
president actually tried to do that the
Supreme Court would likely have to
decide if that is kosher if there ends
up being a criminal case against the
president and if it is serious enough
that he tries to invoke one of these
never-before-used
heretofore hypothetical
get-out-of-jail-free cards well then
who's on the Supreme Court and how they
view these unsettled matters will become
a sort of life and death issue for this
moment in American democracy
so can the president appoint someone to
fill a seat on the Supreme Court while
this investigation is still open and
ongoing and just just to show that this
is not some esoteric concern consider
that one of the candidates the president
says he's considering actually the guy
who's considered by most observers to be
at the top of the shortlist the guy who
is considered by most people to be the
most likely nominee is a judge on the DC
Circuit named Brett Kavanaugh judge
Kavanagh has written explicitly about
whether or not a sitting president can
be indicted he has expressed in writing
that the indictment of a sitting
president president would quote cripple
the federal government rendering it
unable to function and you know that's
interesting from Judge Kavanagh right as
an abstract point of argument it might
be a fun thing to you know chew over
with him on the Law Review or whatever
you know but it's another thing entirely
that he is being considered for the
Supreme Court by a president whose
campaign manager is on trial whose
deputy campaign manager
national security advisor and foreign
policy advisor from the campaign are all
awaiting sentencing and cooperating with
prosecutors in this ongoing FBI
counterintelligence investigation I mean
no president has ever picked a Supreme
Court nominee when looking down the
barrel of this specific kind of personal
potential criminal liability for himself
senator Cory Booker says a Supreme Court
nomination under these circumstances
shouldn't happen just as a simple matter
of legal conflict of interest senator
Booker will be here in just a moment to
make his case on that point but but in
terms of how long this is a live issue
how long this is all gonna go on the
president told reporters today that he's
going to start meeting with Supreme
Court candidates this weekend
he's decamping to one of his golf
courses for the weekend and he's gonna
meet with Supreme Court nominees
potential Supreme Court nominees he says
he expects to make an announcement on
who he's gonna pick for the court within
a week and a half which is very fast why
the rush lots of reasons presumably but
to the extent that the special counsels
investigation and the way the
president's own fate might end up in the
hands of this Supreme Court nominee he
is picking well we got a bunch more news
today about the pace at which all these
legal proceedings are unfolding Trump
national security adviser Mike Flynn
pled guilty last year in December
today the prosecutors in the Flynn case
and Flynn's defense lawyers said in a
joint filing that yet again they are
still not ready to wrap up his case
they're still not ready to to end the
legal proceedings involving Mike Flynn
and that's because when when Flynn pled
guilty his guilty plea and his agreement
to cooperate with prosecutors in their
ongoing investigation
those two things were linked right
guilty plea and the cooperation deal
Mike Flynn did plead guilty and so he is
expecting some form of punishment from
the court but how much punishment he
gets will depend almost entirely on how
much he helps prosecutors in the
meantime so this filing today from from
Flynn's lawyers and prosecutors suggests
that
even now seven months after he pled
guilty and started to cooperate
it suggests that Flynn is even now still
helping prosecutors with their work so
they're asking for another two months
extension before they start to wrap up
Flynn's case quote on May 3rd 2018 the
court ordered the parties to file a
joint status report by no later than
June 29th 2018 just today due to the
status of the special counsels
investigation the parties do not believe
that this matter is ready to be
scheduled for a sentencing hearing at
this time but actually right below that
though you can see in the filing they do
ask the court that at the end of this
60-day extension they're asking for at
the end of 60 days they would like the
court to move ahead with a
pre-sentencing report for Mike Flynn and
that that's the first baby step toward
Mike Flynn finding out what his
punishment ultimately will be it is the
first step toward ending the
government's involvement with him here
we've seen how this goes with other
defendants right a few weeks ago we saw
prosecutors ask the court for a
pre-sentencing report on foreign policy
advisor George papadopolis since then
we've got a sentencing date for George
papadopolis he will be sentenced on
September 7th we don't yet have a
sentencing date for Flynn we know that
it won't be in the next 60 days but the
very first signs of when Flynn's case
might start to end just came into view
today with prosecutors and the defense
asking for a pre-sentencing report on
him 60 days from now in late August
that's kind of the pace at which things
are rolling with cooperating Mike Flynn
on the Michael Cohen side the
president's personal lawyer that is not
being handled in Virginia or DC like the
other cases the Michael Cohen situation
is being handled in federal court in New
York City within the last few days the
judge in the michael cohen case set a
firm deadline of next week by which time
all evidentiary issues have to be
wrapped up in terms of whether or not
prosecutors are going to be able to look
at the documents and materials that were
seized from cohen under under search
warrant back in April all the wrangling
around those materials that were seized
for Michael Cohen it's been going on for
weeks and months now but the court says
it'll be over by next week
prosecutors in the Southern District of
New York by next week should have their
hands on all of the evidence they're
going to get in terms of what was taken
out of Michael Cohen's files and his
office computers so if if Michael Cohen
is going to be arrested and charged as a
result of that evidence you might expect
that that arrest and indictment would
happen fairly soon after prosecutors
finally nailed down all the evidence and
again the nailing down of all the
evidence will happen before the end of
next week
if Michael Cohen is charged he will then
have to make a decision in pretty good
time about whether or not he's going to
fight the charges or whether he's going
to plead guilty and agree to cooperate
with prosecutors in their ongoing
investigations so that's all coming down
the track very fast now when it comes to
president Trump's personal lawyer
Michael Cohen we can see what's
happening with Flynn we know what's
happening with George papadopolis we can
pretty much see what's happening with
Michael Cohen and then there's president
Trump's campaign chair Paul Manafort now
we just got in the transcript all marked
up and highlighted because I'm in Coober
we just got in the transcript just
tonight of the the court hearing in the
mana fort case today Paul Manafort is in
jail in Virginia waiting for his trial
to formally start next month Paul
Manafort actually had the opportunity to
leave jail and travel to court today to
be at today's hearing in person but he
asked permission from the judge to not
attend complaining about the long
two-hour Trek each way between the jail
and the courthouse which is interesting
but for whatever reason Paul Manafort
didn't want to make the trip he stayed
in jail today while his lawyers fought
on his behalf but there's two things
that you should know about what happened
today at this hearing one is that it was
sort of a landmark moment for the first
time today at this Paul Manafort hearing
we got a live witness testifying for the
prosecution about the special counsels
case against bana for we haven't had
anybody on the stand before answering
questions getting cross-examined in this
case but today we got that and it was
quite revealing the other thing you
should know about this hearing today and
I say this as a non-lawyer who reads
things in a petty way because I'm a
caddy small person is that this
France can maybe it doesn't read this
way to lawyers but reading this
transcript for me today I feel like one
of the important things that I've
learned about this case is that the
judge in this case this is the judge in
the Eastern District of Virginia judge
Ellis this judge is a little bit of an
unusual cat and I know there's an
appropriate way to say that while
maintaining appropriate you know
deference and respect for the bench here
I'm not I do not mean to cast aspersions
I'm not saying there's anything wrong
with them I just mean that reading
transcripts of his remarks in court it's
a little weird there are very surprising
moments and that has to affect how the
prosecution and the defense of
approaches things in his courtroom it
has to because it's it strikes me as
weird let me give you an example so this
is a moment in the transcript this is a
prosecutor from the special counsel's
office prosecutor named suzhou asan yang
and he's questioning this live witness
first time we've had a live witness on
the stand in the special counsels
investigation right he's questioning
this live witness who was an FBI agent
the agent who obtained a search warrant
in the Paul Manafort case and so this
from the transcript mr. asagna
prosecutor says question did mr. truss
go tell you if mr. Manafort had
previously used that residence to
conduct business FBI agent he did
prosecutor and what did he say FBI agent
he said that mr. manna port had used
that residence to conduct business
question from the prosecutor after mr.
truss co told you that he had moved
business records into that storage unit
did you ask whether he knew if the
records were still in the facility now
and then the judge interjects and the
judge says to the prosecutor quote
you're leading why don't you say what if
anything did you ask him the prosecutor
says well judge I simply didn't because
the federal rules don't apply in this
type of hearing meaning I'm allowed to
ask leading questions but I can ask it
in a more as a more open question if you
prefer and the judge says yes I would
prefer you did that go and at that point
in the transcript I won't read that
exact part of it but at that point the
judge just himself
starts asking all of his own questions
to the witness the way
thinks the question should be asked by
demonstrating to the lawyers in the
court how he would prefer it to be done
more to his taste and so then the
prosecutor in fact starts asking
questions more like that in a more
open-ended way and then just a few
minutes later in the transcript they are
taking a break because Paul mana forts
defense counsel has to look at something
that's been introduced into evidence
that the the defense lawyer hadn't seen
before so he asked for a second to look
at that and then this happens the
defense counsel for Paul Manafort says
may I ask for a moment your honor the
judge says yes you may
Paul mana for its defense counsel says
thank you and then the judge says while
he's doing that mr. Sonnier well you're
correct that the rules of evidence don't
apply strictly speaking as you'll know
from looking at the law they often are
referred to and impose because they help
ensure the reliability of the evidence
that is presented and that includes
whether leading questions should be
asked because it's well-known that
individuals with a gift as you have a
gift of engaging in verbal atomic
footwork you get a rhythm going and who
knows what the witness will agree to so
I prefer to have direct open questions
asked the prosecutor mr. Sangay says
fair enough your honor
and then the judge says may be surprised
what answers you get I worked for one
lawyer at a law firm when I first
arrived he never asked leading questions
and he had a very successful litigation
life and experience he's in the great
litigation land in the sky now but he
did well while he was here the judge
says next question okay it comes from
here before we all end up in the great
litigation land in the sky I didn't even
edit that that was exactly how it went
anyway next question I know a lawyer
once who didn't ask leading questions
he's dead now the judge also at one
point just seems to get hungry at page
67 of the transcript the court quote no
just tell me in a sentence it's
lunchtime there's also this this one
this one testy moment the judge says to
the prosecutors
you have anything further you want to
say about that and one of the
prosecutors Scott meisler Rises actually
for the first time in the hearing at
that point and he says good morning your
honor it was the defense motion and then
the judge interrupts and says it's not
morning it's afternoon and that's the
point that I want you to have and then
the prosecutor says time flies when
you're having fun and then the judge
says yeah and even when you're not so
the prosecutors and the defense lawyers
clearly have to tread a little bit
lightly with the testee hungry snippy
judge here which I think that is how he
likes things in his courtroom but check
out this discussion about about leaks
the big picture here is that Paul
metaphor its defense team sort of seems
to be running out of steam a little bit
all of their efforts to limit the case
to get the charges thrown out to get the
charges dismissed they've all failed
thus far and they've tried a lot of
different things what they seem to be
sort of boiling down to now is a claim
that Paul Manafort should be let off the
hook because of the amount of
information about his case that has been
reported in the press his lawyers are
now essentially asserting what a lot of
people in political scandals over the
years have tried to argue which is that
the intense public interest in his case
and all the public reporting that's
being done around his case has resulted
essentially in the defendant being tried
by the leak that people are so they have
their minds so made up about him because
of all this all the the leaks to the
press and all the reporting about it
that he can't possibly get a fair trial
so the courts would basically let him go
Paul manna forts defense counsel today
actually tried a little little shy Hail
Mary where his defense lawyer actually
said the case against Manta for it
should be dismissed because there have
been leaks to the press about the case
watch the watch the judge shut this down
Kevin downing defense counsel for Paul
Manafort may I be hurt your honor
briefly the judge yes the magic word is
briefly mr. Channing you talked about it
bit earlier about voir dire which is
questioning potential jurors you are
going to inquire about what people know
about the case the manner in which
they've heard about it and and and
whether or not they can be fair and
impartial we'd like to do we don't have
to take too much time but
like to do some supplemental briefing
with you your honor about the nature of
the leaks that occurred here I mean we
have highest level government officials
that have said to the press that mr.
manna fort and then the judge intervenes
well have you filed let's assume for a
moment that you're right what is the
remedy that you would seek and then
downing says well the question becomes
how can you have a fair trial when the
press and media have been so saturated
with false statements about the evidence
the judge says all right so what's the
remedy assuming you're right downing
well given the pattern of conduct one
remedy is certainly dismissal the judge
no putting that one aside mr. downing
I'd like to stick with that one briefly
the judge no go on and actually in that
moment the judge is saying no to
dismissing the case on the basis of
media leaks then mr. downing says your
honor what I'm trying to deal with is I
think you've kind of glossed over this
issue in terms of you talking to
somebody and asking them some questions
in voir dear I think we can do some
supplemental briefing to just show this
court how satiated the populace the
judge will you listen to what I'm saying
to you what remedy would you have asked
for if you're right that it has been
satiated as you put it mr. downing it
would have to be a change of venue the
judge ah finally finally mr. downing I
was brief the judge have you made a
motion mr. downing we haven't made a
motion on that the judge it is a remedy
but I have to determine whether the
remedy is warranted you better marshal
all of your evidence on that before we
determine whether you go to Roanoke or
Richmond or someplace to try that this
case mr. downing we'd asked leave of
court to file a supplemental briefing on
that issue the judge well do it do it
right now
do it quickly I expect to see it by the
close of business Friday a week from
Friday mr. downing thank you your honor
the judge that was obvious the first
time I saw the motion and the knee goes
on to complain about how honestly it is
time for lunch you do not envy people
having to argue in this courtroom right
but that this change of venue thing
appears to be the latest gambit from the
manna fort defense now they want to try
to move Paul Manafort trial to another
part of Virginia too I guess
escape
the media coverage that emanates from
the DC metro area about his case
presumably they think they'd get a more
conservative environment I don't know
mana forts defense team is gonna try
that now though and meanwhile they're
starting to put up live witnesses to
defend the propriety of the evidence
that the special counsels office has
seized from Paul Manafort and that they
are using in the case against him and
last point here there was a really like
ooh interesting moment from that live
witness on the stand today this is an
FBI agent on the stand and the FBI agent
explained today in court that the FBI
apparently only learned that Paul
Manafort kept some of his business
records in a storage locker which ended
up getting searched and ended up being
really important apparently the FBI only
learned about the storage locker when AP
reporters contacted the FBI to ask them
for comment on a story the AP was
pursuing about mana forts finances all
right question it's the prosecutor could
you please state your name for the
record
answer Jeff Pfeiffer are you currently
employed yes where do you work the FBI
what's your title special agent how long
have you been a special agent with the
FBI since 2002 let me direct your
attention to the spring of 2017 were you
assigned to a particular FBI squad at
the time yes which one international
corruption squad and are you currently
assigned to that squad yes during your
tenure at international corruption squad
were you involved in an investigation
relating to Paul Manafort yes and in May
2017 did you obtain a search warrant
related to a storage unit and Alexandria
Virginia
I did what location is cited in the
warrant 370 Holland Lane unit 30 13
Alexandria Virginia and what is that
exactly
that's the storage unit in question now
you testified earlier that you searched
the storage unit how did you come to
understand that mr. mana fort used a
storage unit answer I don't recall
exactly
it was either through my investigative
efforts or through a meeting that
occurred with reporters of The
Associated Press
question a meeting with reporters did
that occur on April 11th 2017 answer yes
it did where did that meeting take place
in the bond building of the Department
of Justice and who was present members
of the FBI Justice Department and The
Associated Press what did you understand
the purpose of that meeting to be answer
to receive
information from the reporters to
receive information from the reporters
not to give the reporters information
but to get information from the
reporters question can you explain to
the court generally what happened answer
the reporters offered information in
regards to an investigation they had
been conducting on mr. manna fort
question and how did government
representatives respond generally no
comment as far as questions involving
any sort of investigation question based
on the meeting did it appear as though
the reporters have conducted a
substantial investigation with respect
to mr. manna for answer they had during
that meeting did one of the reporters
mention a storage unit in Alexandria
Virginia associated with mr. manna for
answer he did question did you
subsequently issue a grand jury subpoena
to a facility named public storage
answer I did that's how they found it
why would the AP reporters be giving
information to the FBI that's the way
the FBI agent described it the suicided
press later clarified exactly what
happened there they put out a statement
today explaining how they think the
public should see this meeting this is
from an AP spokeswoman quote Associated
Press journalists met with
representatives from the Department of
Justice in an effort to get information
on stories they were reporting as
reporters do said ap spokeswoman Lauren
Easton quote during the course of the
meeting they asked Department of Justice
representatives about a storage locker
belonging to Paul Manafort without
sharing its name or location so that's
how it happens
and you know I can't help but think that
this is sometimes just the way these
things go reporters go to the government
they go to get confirmation or comment
whatever information they can get the
government mostly no comments but by
accident the government actually learned
something that becomes important for
their investigation later when they get
asked something by these reporters that
they didn't know about before they heard
the question and now we know based on
this hearing today that that's how the
FBI figured out that Paul Manafort had a
storage locker which they subsequently
raided which we now know turned up
evidence among other things that manna
fort had a previously unknown
million-dollar outstanding loan from a
Russian oligarch named Oleg Deripaska
that was paid into a Paul Manafort
controlled shell company that he used
for among other things paying more than
three and a half million dollars in cash
to buy an apartment in Trump Tower
remember how when he wrote to Trump
about becoming his campaign manager part
of his pitch was hey I live in Trump
Tower the president's personal jeopardy
in this investigation is still an open
question Papadopoulos proceedings and
flynn and cohen and gates and all the
rest of them it's all part of that but
the president's campaign manager is
going on trial now and the proceedings
in his case are moving fast and at least
thus far they are proceeding in front of
a very unpredictable very testy judge
who gets hungry right around noon and
who has started to get testimony from
the first live witnesses for the
prosecution will the president be
picking a new Supreme Court justice in
this context hold that thought hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
