two of the least heard from voices in
the resistance movement against
President Trump coming out of the
woodwork last night to make their pleas
former President Barack Obama speaking
to a group of Democrats he tried to
assure the audience saying quote you are
right to be concerned
but Obama also warned the crowd not to
sit on their hands waiting for what he
called a magical Savior no cameras were
allowed in the event Politico was one of
the few news agencies with a reporter
inside and according to Politico Obama
told the crowd quote do not wait for the
perfect message don't wait to feel a
tingle in your spine because you're
expecting politicians to be so inspiring
and poetic and moving that somehow okay
I'll get off my couch after all and go
spend the 15 20 minutes it takes for me
to vote because that's part of what
happened in the last election I heard
that too much if we don't vote then this
democracy doesn't work Politico also
reports the former president explained
to Democrats that quote they would be
foolish to believe that they're in good
shape to beat Trump just because they've
been doing well in winning recent
elections also last night for a
late-night host Jon Stewart took over
the Late Show with Stephen Colbert to
deliver a message that he hate that he
aimed directly to Donald Trump and the
country I just want to say if there's
one hallmark to your presidency that I
think we're finding the most difficult
is that no matter what you do it always
comes with an extra layer of gleeful
cruelty and dickish
it's it's not just that you don't want
people taking Annie it's not their sons
of bitches if they do it's not just
denying women who accuse you of a sexual
assault
it's saying they were too ugly anyway
you can't just be against the media
they're enemies of the people
it's not even partisan anyone in the
Republican Party dare speak against you
they also must be humiliated even if
they have a terminal disease which
brings us to immigration boy Donald you
could have absolutely made a more
stringent border policy that would have
made your point about enforcement but I
guess it wouldn't felt right without a
Dickensian level of villainy you
casually separated people seeking asylum
from their children from babies what
Lincoln said in his Cooper Union speech
was to point out the one thing southern
slaveholders really wanted for the free
states this and only this cease to call
slavery wrong and join them in calling
it right it was on this point that
Lincoln said the Union could not bend
and what Donald Trump wants is for us to
stop calling his cruelty and fear and
divisive nasaw
but to join him in calling it right and
this we cannot do after the break is
ralina maxwell evans siegfried maria
theresa theresa kumar all gonna join me
to discuss the latest in that resistance
movement against the president
everything's off its axis it's a little
unusual apparently now putin and kim
jeong-hoon are noble intelligent role
models and canada's a bunch of giant ass
like that's hard to get used to you're
redoing the post-war alliances only this
time we're with the Axis powers joining
us now is ralina Maxwell senior director
of progressive programming at sirius XM
radio and an MSNBC political analyst
maria theresa kumar and evan siegfried
are back with us Jelena let me start
with you we don't have the video of it
but we got those quotes from Politico
president and former President Obama
talking to a group of Democrats last
night the thing that struck me was he
was describing himself he was describing
how Democrats reacted to him when he
sort of rose to the presidency in the
first place and he was saying don't be
looking for that don't be
for that but Democrats need that well I
think that a lot of people are waiting
for that but I think Barack Obama was
really once-in-a-lifetime not just as a
historical figure but as someone who has
both the policy chops and the charisma
that's almost like a unicorn
and so what Democrats need to do is
essentially focus on turnout because
that is what's going to win the election
in 2018 and also in 2020 you saw in 2016
that turnout was down among many of the
most important groups in the Democratic
base black turnout was down Latino
turnout was down and so you have to
ensure that our voters get to the polls
and cast their ballot there is no other
way to change this country in Evin the
the flip side of this is we look at a by
all indications right now a motivated
Democratic base at least in 2018 in the
midterm the number that strikes me on
the Republican side that was president
Trump's support from Republican voters
it's sitting there at ninety percent
right now and if you look at modern
presidents within their own parties his
is about as high as it gets which is
even more striking because it's overall
numbers not that great is there what is
it what is it that drives that because
this is a guy that got less than half
the vote among Republicans in 2016 in
their primaries and yet now this is like
W after 9/11 with them you're forgetting
one thing the Republican Party has been
shrinking and the people who support
them are the ones staying so of course
you're gonna have closer to a hundred
percent than 0% when between December
2015 and March 2017 twenty three percent
of Republicans aged 18 to 29 left the
party compared to eight percent of
Democrats we have a massive demographic
crisis in this party and that we can
only really field a an electorate to
help sustain us for maybe two three more
cycles unless we start appealing to
other groups and that includes African
Americans Hispanic Americans gays and
even urban Americans which Republicans
don't even compete in anymore
there are tumbleweeds running for office
that do better than Republican
candidates and it's disappointing there
was a study this week that came out of a
study of Millennials that I found
interesting and it showed that the
number who identified as Democrats
actually in the last couple years had
dropped by a fairly significant number I
think it was it was about a nine-point
drop and it was attributed most directly
to two white male Millennials and the
suggestion was that the way our politics
are all playing out right now you know
everything in Pilot
in life there's a reaction right and
Democrats we've seen this rise of female
candidates of this year at historic
levels is there a possibility there that
you know there's sort of a subsequent
defection of males to the Republican
parties that is that wouldn't say it's a
defection of males for the Republican
Party NBC News and Gen 4 did have an
amazing survey in January which found
that 66 percent of Millennials want a
third party they look at government and
they see something that's broken they
think they can impact change more
effectively from a non-profit than they
can by actually voting so the key is
rebuilding trust in government and you
have to actually accomplish things as a
government and that means doing things
in a bipartisan manner and right now
that's not happening so we have to vote
for candidates who are willing to reach
across the aisle and say you know what
we might not agree a hundred percent but
let's do something good for the country
Maria Theresa comer I'm curious when you
look at that we played you know Jon
Stewart there that that soliloquy on
uncle bear show last night and obviously
that speaks I think you know directly to
to you know Democratic voters out there
folks who are offended by the president
but I do wonder that level of activation
does that trigger a backlash among
Republican voters at all that caused it
that binds them to Trump and
responseware and maybe we don't like
Trump on this maybe we don't like him on
that but hey he's under such attack we
better stick with him because we don't
want to be with the other side well I
think that you what you speak to Steve
is that we actually have to create a
space where people could admit that they
voted for the wrong candidate and by
constantly attacking and trying to label
all Republicans with a broad brush
saying that they are bigoted erases it
actually doesn't improve or advance in a
political agenda it doesn't heal wounds
it doesn't allow people to come forward
and say you know what I thought that I
was going to get something else but in
reality this man is a con man people get
back to their corners but let's be clear
in the next three years we're gonna have
a tsunami of young generation Z voters
voting for the first time we're
expecting 12 million voters who are
becoming eligible two-thirds of them
young people of color disproportionately
they're going to be 12 million more
voters than baby boomers so you have
that faction then you also have the 93
million of Americans who decided that
they were gonna sit it out they didn't
want either party and I think that not
only a majority of Americans identifying
more with independent they also want
people to feel that they're providing
them with actual solutions
you look at what happened in Virginia it
was down ballot candidates that were
speaking to issues that people cared
about bread-and-butter issues how to fix
community how to talk to each other how
to be civil about providing solutions
and that is at the end of the day what
American people want to talk about they
are tired of pendulum elections but
they're also tired of the stress level
that they're feeling every single time
the president tweets if anything they
want to tone it down they want to get
back to basics and they want to be able
to know that tomorrow there's gonna be a
new America their majority of Americans
are incredibly hopeful and the
president's providing very little hope
but a lot of chaos in in Zerlina that
generational shift that Maria Teresa
Kumar's talking about there I thought
this week we got an example of that New
York Joe Crowley one of the top
Democrats in DC he's toppled by a twenty
eight-year-old latina I wonder when we
look ahead to 2020 if you take a poll
right now to the extent these things
mean anything the frontrunners in the
Democratic side are Joe Biden north
it'll be 78 at the end of 2020 Bernie
Sanders well into his 70s Elizabeth
Warren who will be in her 70s is that
generational shift going to mean trouble
for the candidates who right now enter
this thing on paper in the strongest
position I think it it will be a problem
if they can't appeal to that young
demographic of voters I think that we
definitely do have a structural problem
in terms of the pipeline of candidates
that can rise and become presidential
contenders in the Democratic Party
that's absolutely true that's why you
don't have the age diversity in terms of
the 2020 prospects but I do think that
there are a number of candidates that
are that you mentioned I think Elizabeth
Warren absolutely can appeal to that
millennial demographic that evident is
speaking to because they are a lot more
progressive than the baby boomer
generation they are for marriage
equality or for for choice and so with
those issues becoming I think front and
center as we go into the midterm
elections with a Supreme Court vacancy
now going to be at the center of the
fight I do think that's going to
encourage the Republican base to turn
out but at this it the flip side of that
is that there are a lot of Millennials
who have no capacity to imagine a world
where there is no access to birth
control where there is no access to
legal and safe abortion they have that's
not happened in my lifetime that's not
happened in a Millennials lifetime and
so I think that this is going to be an
election that is really for the fight of
the soul of the country
and the moral center but that that is
all about this millennial generation
being more progressive than our mothers
and our grandmothers even listening to
you diagnose the the Republican
predicament as you see it and saying
they need to change on all of these
things are you one of those Republicans
sort of like George Will who wants them
to lose this November to precipitate
that change it's not necessarily that I
want them to lose I want them to wake up
and recognize that there is the sky
falling what do they do they need to
lose to recognize that I think they need
to have listened to smart people to be
honest with you I think Democrats can
actually blow it in 2020 if you nominate
somebody who's too far and outside of
the mainstream and more beholden to the
Bernie base than to the more moderates
and the independent voters you're not
going to win that's why I actually
believe the smartest ticket Democrats
could run would be Joe Biden and Seth
Moulton a no-drama
and just returning to decency all right
this ralina maxwell maria theresa kumar
evan siegfried thank you for that thanks
for checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
