so Melania Trump was on the air as well
she was she was concerned about the
family separation policy Ivanka called
it a low point for her and the president
talked last night about the family
separations and somewhat defended it
what about the forced separation of
children from their migrant children
that was the same as the Obama law you
know Obama had the same thing it was on
the books but he didn't enforce it you
enforced it you launched that pop of
zero-tolerance policy being to deter
families with children oh but then
everybody decided and the courts don't
want separation and frankly when you
don't do separate when you allow the
parents to stay together okay when you
allow that then what happens is people
are going to pour into our country
you're gonna go back to that well we're
looking at a lot of things really what
we want to do is change the immigration
laws because they were they're a
laughingstock all over the world can I
just ask this simple question yes or no
are you willing to reinstitute that
policy you said we're looking at
everything yes you can't say yes or no
what I can say is this there are
consequences from coming into a country
namely our country illegally so I guess
that wasn't enough yeah I'm Jon Meacham
one of one of the Bleecker moments of
the trump presidency certainly
historians were recorded as such the the
family separation policy appears to be
coming in for round two Stephen Miller
is drafting a second approach in the
president still awaiting the president
is open to it well it was it was hard to
debate what is the low point and we
could take the rest of the week and try
to figure that out the whole era has
been a race to the bottom and this is to
my might he must have some sense that
the people he's talking to at these
rallies which interestingly even Fox is
not running which i think is an
interesting inflection point possibly
they must think that they that they want
this because there's no there's no
principle involved here right he doesn't
think that it's a policy that works
doesn't think that there's this is
somehow important in some way that this
is we're in the midst of this inherently
transactional moment where the present
it√≠d States thinks of us as an audience
not as a country and so everything he's
doing is I think designed to keep that
audience engaged and interested in him
well that's really good well how he
thinks
the thing is though John Heilemann I've
been saying it from getting his audience
that he's reaching right it's a niche
audience it's 33 percent of Americans
you there's a reason why even on Fox
News
they've stopped showing his rallies he's
saying the same thing over and over
again like to invite you to speculate
what are you speculate well I don't
usually like this by the way but yes let
me offer you an invitation to speculate
him the president cares about nothing
more than ratings nothing nothing
nothing alright more so the ratings are
down right on his rallies to the point
as John just said that Fox News is no
longer carrying them live and because
they realized they're losing about
advertising revenue what's better right
so what is the when the president hears
that the Fox News his ratings are down
so much the Fox News is no longer
covering the rallies what does the what
the president's reaction to that what do
these rallies now look like going
forward as the president desperately
tries to get his ratings out let's see
what happens into the next rally I don't
have any first-hand knowledge of this
but bill shine does work at the White
House now I'm sure bill shines been
calling Fox News again just wild
speculation I'm sure that Jared has been
calling Murdoch right and I'm sure
they've been pressuring them to make
sure that they put rallies on let's see
if Fox News puts rallies on between now
and then if so you will know yeah that
those phone calls so does the president
change his act at all the president
would amp it up yeah obviously
yeah because again for this niche it is
so important for Donald Trump to imagine
what that was like have adoration from
any front oh really
look at Chicago no I know I mean I mean
look at look at what what he did when he
started talking about beating people up
yeah whatever Donald Trump starts to
feel the energy go down later no
campaign the spotlight turn away action
monkey he he goes crazy and he becomes
more in temperate and starts talking
about beating people up and I'll pay for
your legal bills if you beat him up and
so perhaps we have that too
can I make a bet his bet his
effectiveness at these rallies he said
last night that Cavanaugh would not have
been confirmed had he not attacked
Christine huazhi passage that is not
true the Cavanaugh effect had already
shown up in polling everywhere before he
spoke he was jumping on it either way
when I had held back to some degree
because he wasn't sure which way this
well John you could tell when he went
out that night that he had seen internal
polling that told him this is broken
two days before three days before he was
timid as a mouse or as some would say a
baby and he was saying let's listen to
both sides and I don't know if I'm gonna
support Cavanaugh midweek it was
starting to break we were all feeling it
talking about it then suddenly he
decided to attack right dr. Ford he
wasn't ahead of it he transform the
political moment he was riding the wave
of a political moment and he does that
that's why the you know he increasingly
has has done that and I think what's
interesting about the this stuff about
family separation is he may be going
back to something toxic and
controversial in order to stir up the
dust because he also was very ginger
about it remember he's like I do I
didn't want to do this like you I the
Democrats have to change change things
on the hill they did it which is the
most preposterous thing he ever said but
it was like it was like I I really this
is not a controversy I want on my hands
and now he's like hinting maybe I got to
say the immigration this by far the most
galvanizing issue in the politics United
States and other Western countries by
the way we doubt and divide by the way
we talked about John McCain time and
time again for good reason so much to
admire about Senator McCain in his
memory but it is important to remember
before his last contested
Mary why did he say in his 30-second
spot build that dang wall build the dang
fence I build the dang fence or
something like that so as you get closer
to election time perhaps he thinks this
chins up the base thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
