thing one tonight scott pruett still has
a job as head of the EPA despite an
ever-growing slew of scandals like one
of our recent favorites involving an old
Trump Hotel mattress as you may recall
Scott Pruett
asked a top aide in charge of his
scheduling a government employee paid
with public money with helping him
secure a used Trump branded mattress
from the president's Washington DC hotel
the Trump home luxury plush eurotop to
be specific now Pruitt's aide told a
congressional committee about this in
May and when news of her testimony broke
this month and blew up into mattress
gate she resigned but that wasn't enough
for Pruitt according to new reporting he
wanted vengeance and that's thing too in
60 seconds we learned about Scott
Pruitt's desire for an old Trump
mattress thanks to one of his former top
aides mil and Hough who resigned shortly
after her testimony about the incident
went public now sources tell The Daily
Beast that Pruitt was livid over Hopps
testimony which he felt had been
particularly humiliating and he
proceeded to mount a campaign to
blacklist her in the conservative
movement a move that former senior EPA
officials have described as and this is
a direct quote rat effing Pruitt quote
personally reached out to allies to
insist that she had lied about or at
least misunderstood the request for a
used Trump mattress he also stressed
that hub could not be trusted the
implication being that she should not be
hired at their institutions end quote
apparently that kind of vindictive
behavior is par for the course with
Pruitt who reportedly demands loyalty
among those in his inner circle but
doesn't reciprocate it to his aides well
that sounds familiar I guess you can't
blame him for just following his boss's
lead
hey they're armed cruisers from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
