this was a defining week for Donald
Trump's legal legacy from a retirement
that can reshape the Supreme Court to a
Smackdown of Trump's border policy that
you might not have heard about yet to
this controversial ruling on
presidential power we began with a major
Supreme Court victory for President
Trump the court declaring his travel ban
on citizens of several Muslim majority
countries is legal this is the third
version of the attempt to restrict
travel from mostly Muslim countries and
the court said the travel ban is
constitutional because it does conform
to a law which since 1952 has given
every president the broad authority to
restrict entry to this country the
Supreme Court upholding the most
controversial thing Donald Trump has
probably done with his immigration power
he refined his once blatant calls for an
illegal Muslim ban into a country based
ban that the court said didn't meet the
test for avoiding religious
discrimination while passionate dissents
on the court likened this new decision
to upholding the internment of
japanese-americans during World War two
a line that clearly hit its mark and
drew Justice John Roberts into a very
rare response announcing this week that
the court was wrong to ever endorse
internment and the dissenters responded
to that acidly justice Sotomayor telling
Roberts the travel ban decision merely
replaces one gravely wrong decision with
another Justice Kennedy departs this
Court now after decades of service but
he leaves a court that is actually
battling some of the same immigration
dilemmas of bygone eras I don't think he
could have predicted that one of his
last decisions would tackle that
internment and today's debate over
refugees actually channel a Casablanca
style set of questions like who we owe a
duty to help get out of harm's way
who should we let into America and
there's nothing new about isolationism
in our politics or culture something
we've talked about on this show before
remember in that movie Humphrey Bogart
played a man who was simply done with
the world's problems and the film
depicted his world weariness quite
sympathetically
figuring that people could relate to his
notion that sometimes it's hard to be
noble and that people's refugee problems
well maybe they don't amount to much
well I'm going you can't follow what
I've got to do you can't be any part of
I'm not good at being noble it doesn't
take much to see that the problems of
three little people don't amount to a
hill of beans in this crazy world this
may be a good time to recall it was
Bogaerts character who ultimately
evolved risking his life to help
refugees and that's the spirit that many
of trumps critics have been drawing on
to condemn his very punitive approach to
people fleeing danger to get to our
border these orders that isolate an
orphan innocent children and set up
these tent camps settling them for
tender age baby migrant shelters and we
also saw those shocking images and heard
the disturbing audio of children crying
for their parents all because the US
government has split them apart many
asking the big question how do you end
this what is ultimately going to end
what Trump has done with these thousands
of kids who are spread out all over the
country right now tonight without their
moms and dads what's ultimately going to
end it is going to be local activism and
local advocates putting these families
back together ending it with everything
happening this week it would be easy to
miss the news the Trump action lost this
fight twice first under waves of
pressure that led him to narrow that
order then a judge taking it further
ordering on Wednesday the White House
legally must reunite these families
noting the facts that forth portray
reactive governance responses to address
a chaotic circumstance of the
government's own making that's the Trump
administration's own making the judge
saying this belies measured and ordered
governance so here we see the law was
able to basically take those families
and try to put them back together and
note that immigrants do have a right to
some due process that's a sign that the
courts do still work so who leads them
is now I can tell you the defining
question of the Trump presidency because
of what happened this week Justice
Kennedy of the Supreme Court today just
handed us this letter dated today it
says dear my
dear mr. president this letter is a
respectful and formal notification of my
decision effective July 31st of this
year to end my regular active service as
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court
that was big news Justice Kennedy a part
of many decisions including upholding
the travel ban which was controversial
but in that same opinion he does leave a
final message he knew we didn't when he
wrote this that this was one of his last
messages and anxious world must know our
government remains committed always to
the liberties the Constitution seeks to
preserve and protect so that freedom
extends outward and lasts was he talking
to the president
there's no single vacancy in the entire
government right now with more long term
consequences than Kennedy's seat his
replacement could decide some of
America's largest questions for more
than a generation now this open spot is
up to the President to fill in the
Senate to confirm and it will impact how
America operates long after Donald Trump
is out of office
Democrats Valley to apply the McConnell
standard and force Republicans to wait
until after the midterms 2016 when our
fundamental liberties are in danger and
we're gonna use every tool available and
we will possibly be creative about some
new ones based on every conversation
I've had with my colleagues so far this
afternoon everybody's prepared to play
hardball this is not a drill there's no
bigger fight in American politics right
now than this fight over this Court
which is also a fight over what justice
will actually comprise in this unfolding
Trump era in America courts are the last
constraint on political passions as
Alexander Hamilton wrote why has
government been instituted at all
because the passions of men will not
conform to the dictates of reason and
justice without constraint I repeat
without constraint that word constraint
may not sound all that exciting but it
was constraint that ultimately stems
the excesses of trumps anti-family
orders at the border it was constraint
that Justice Kennedy invoked after 9/11
he ruled that even accused terrorists do
get due process in America because this
is America you can bet that wasn't a
popular position then it probably
wouldn't have won a popular vote but
justice is not about what's popular in
the moment just as that cold
isolationism in the face of other
people's problems may be momentarily
appealing at different times it is also
not always the best reflection of our
idealism or of the due process that our
Constitution affords human beings this
is a momentous time it is no time to let
up or tune out and certainly no time to
give up it's a time to stand up because
America's High Court not only hangs in
the balance America's founding values
are on the line too
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
