in just a moment justice Gorsuch will be
sworn in by Justice Kennedy a great man
of outstanding accomplishment throughout
his nearly 30 years on the Supreme Court
Justice Kennedy has been praised by all
for his dedicated and dignified service
we owe him an enormous debt of gratitude
and I am honored that he is with us
today it was just a blip on the
seemingly odd but secretly deliberate
things Donald Trump says at public
events the president going out of his
way to praise the courts swing vote
Justice Anthony Kennedy who many of his
own supporters despise even vilified for
his rulings on abortion gay rights and
the death penalty but perhaps there's a
reason for everything that may have been
part of a larger plan the New York Times
reporting today quote and subtle and not
so subtle ways the White House waged a
quiet campaign to ensure that mr. Trump
had a second opportunity in his
administration's first 18 months to
fulfill one of his most important
campaign promises to his conservative
followers that he would change the
complexion and direction of the Supreme
Court Franken the panel are still here
pretty maniacal and suggests that at
least one office in the West Wing is
functioning and that would be Don
McGann's office of the White House
Counsel well and also that the president
is a con man and unfortunately Justice
Kennedy was con by it yeah this idea
that the Trump actually has any desire
to appointed justice who has an open
mind like Anthony Kennedy does is absurd
I mean the fact that Kennedy believed
that it's just that credulous in a way
that a Supreme Court justice shouldn't
be let me read through I mean you talk
about the campaign and me of a sleazy
soul every from Vanity Fair Trump had to
demonstrate to Kennedy that he could be
trusted to nominate quality jurors to
the Supreme Court
the campaign was multifaceted over the
course of several months
Trump systematically nominated three of
Kennedy's former clerks for plum
judicial posts while he criticized other
more conservative members of the court
he lavished praise on Kennedy despite
the fact that the Justice has been
pilloried by the right for his votes on
social issues and he cultivated a
relationship with Justice Kennedy's
on Justin who works closely with the
Trump Organization his role at Deutsche
Bank that's the global head of
real-estate capital markets you couldn't
not make up the intersections between
Trump's businesses and Trump's picks on
of all places the Supreme Court no you
couldn't and you know I think during the
campaign Trump learned that he had a
very powerful bargaining chip and that
he would put an originalist on the on
the court if he were only elected you
know many Republicans at that time
weren't crazy about Trump but they knew
if if they would only elect him they
could get someone to continue the Scalia
era balance of the court this will be
more powerful by the way because this
isn't continuing the Scalia era balance
of the court this is changing the
balance of the court and and it's at a
time when the president increasingly
needs the Senate and increasingly needs
the court and he's going to be able to
make an even more compelling case to his
base which is already more aligned with
him than he was even able to do with
Gorsuch I'm afraid it may be an
understatement to say he needs the court
I mean the court could and I mean I've
been told that if Bob Muller has made a
decision as to whether or not he can or
will indict the president he wouldn't
have told anyone so we don't know that
he's made that determination but that's
the kind of decision in the Russia
investigation that could potentially end
up in front of the Supreme Court right I
mean let's play this out so the
president's under investigation the
investigation may well lead to a grand
jury subpoena of the president or an
indictment of the president both of
those scenarios would lead quickly to
the Supreme Court and be challenged by
the president and the president's about
to pick one of the people who will help
decide that matter that's what we're
looking at right now and and trying to
view this through the eyes of Muller we
now have to time factors that must be
present in his mind first was the always
the midterm elections when do I come out
with my my findings do i bifurcate this
maybe do obstruction first before the
elections maybe do rush in collusion
after now here's a second time factor
which is a supreme a new Supreme Court
justice could actually play into the
success of Muller's investigation and
that's got to be foremost in his mind
right now and let me come back to
the campaign to influence Kennedy's
decision making and ask you about
something else reporter the New York
Times about Justice Kennedy's son the
younger mr. Kennedy spent more than a
decade at Deutsche Bank eventually
rising to become the bank's global head
of real estate Capital Markets and he
worked closely with mr. Trump when he
was a real estate developer according to
two people during Kennedy's tenured or
cheb bank became mr. Trump's most
important lender dispensing well over a
billion dollars in loans to him for the
renovation and construction of
skyscrapers in New York and Chicago at a
time other banks were weary of doing
business with him and let me play you
Trump talking to Justice Kennedy about
his son couldn't make this up
special guy who would be a billion bucks
no I think when I was reading The Times
there early this morning when you take
the connection of the Sun the
appointment of the clerk suddenly he did
the New York card on Justice Kennedy
there's no question about it and I think
the timing a lot of people said well he
wanted to do it so you could appoint
someone before the midterm elections no
it's about the Muller investigation
because the goes to the Supreme Court
and would ever stage so you got a guy
now that has his guys in the Senate
saying give us the evidence or stop this
and you're gonna stack the judges now
that's gonna decide I mean he couldn't
have dreamed this up with what Colin was
purely advisor this question of me how
can you be so his friends will say
privately and some of them publicly that
he's too incompetent to have colluded
with Russia but he's so good that he
wore two guys off the Supreme Court two
guys off the Supreme Court one day I
just wonder and these will be the guys
that will determine his legal fate and
in the balance is Roe versus Wade
affirmative action all of that did he go
to his base and say yes I may do all of
the things that you advantage Ella khals
have been preaching against but look at
what I've given you and he can survive
to destroy another day and this is scary
as scary as a gift Frank you're leaving
us after this block something to give
you the last word too incompetent to
collude with Russia but he can lure
Anthony Kennedy off the Supreme Court
doesn't add up
so look I've worked I've looked at many
criminals career criminals organized
crime figures then none of them were too
incompetent to commit crimes and be for
us that's that's my last word thank you
so much we asked you to come on at the
top you can stuck here for 43 minutes
and we're grateful still ahead hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
