everything congratulations that was an
interesting behind the curtain look at
how the President of the United States
receives calls when he's on board Air
Force One made more interesting by the
fact that that wasn't Senator Bob
Menendez on the phone it was actually a
prank call
- it sounds an awful lot like the real
Donald Trump courtesy of the stuttering
John podcast the host got through to
call screens even reportedly Jared
Kushner and his Axios points out quote
this calls into question White House
security White House staff members are
freaking out today trying to figure out
how the podcast host was so easily
transferred from the White House
switchboard to Air Force One per source
familiar with the call NBC's Hallie
Jackson joins us from the White House
Holly I know from my time in the White
House that the protocol for a
conversation between the President of
the United States and a member of
Congress is to go through the head of
ledger fires and he talked about a
broken or non-existent process at this
White House today not formally Nicole no
comment officially from the White House
but in this instance normally that would
not be interesting write a no comment
from White House officials in this then
since it is because if that was not the
president or if this was not an issue
because that wasn't actually the
president you would be hearing about it
there would be pushback saying well this
was fake this is a edited or faux
podcast or whatever that is not the
reaction that we have heard from West
Wing officials today so a couple of
points to point out here number one you
are right because you know this there is
a procedure and protocol that goes into
place now for this president I will say
he speaks with members of Congress all
the time without going through the
director of legislative affairs or
through that office he has a direct line
to certain members of Congress bobbinet
is probably not right or at least that's
not the indication given that he was
able to be connected through the
switchboard but it's not always the
procedures and protocols are followed
for those phone calls with this
president because of his relationships
on the hill that said there are secure
questions that have already been raised
about how a prankster got through
apparently to the President on a phone
line to Air Force One second piece of it
is what else is in the call so let's say
this is Donald Trump and again the White
House is not confirming that they're not
saying it's not they're not saying
anything about it but if it is later on
in the conversation this podcast guy
this former Howard Stern sidekick asked
the president about the Supreme Court
pick and the president talks about the
timeline of it he says yeah I want a
name a Supreme Court pick sometime in
the next two weeks Nicole with Jive
who's with what our reporting has been
and syncs up with what I've heard from
White House officials which is the
working assumption is the president is
likely or would want to try to name a
Supreme Court pick before he heads out
to NATO on which starts on July 11 so we
are looking at the next two weeks here
and this is stuttering John who
apparently is getting this information
from the president if it is the
president via this this prank phone call
I would also know one other thing
interesting start to the conversation to
the president sort of congratulating him
and then right after that talking about
it was an unfair it seemed to be an
unfair investigation that Menendez was
under so so lots to unpack and what was
this you know five minute crank call
apparently to the President on Air Force
One Rick it is remarkable that
forevermore or at least until the
president says something to another news
outlet we're going to have to credit
stuttering the stuttering dumb podcast
for our most recent insight as how they
just reported into the president's
thinking on the timing first phone call
we call as a longtime Howard Stern
listener Lyman our words during them I
can't tell you how disappointed I am in
stuttering John he he asked the
questions Chuck Todd what about well I'm
not even going to go there
where should think about the things that
Trump used to say on Howard Sally's
cover your eyes question does epitomize
the intersection of Donald Trump's
loonie world which the Rev is nodding
knows all to us like I bet I bet if he
just just said to me wise hey this is
stuttering John frum how like I'm not
sure that the president wouldn't have
been just as eager to pick up the phone
he might've RT he might have got to call
through anyway I mean God picks up the
phone the President of the United States
and congratulate the senator for getting
out of trouble this is opening now right
and and doesn't like what can I hope you
work all of this that we would think I
had this they would be concerned with
someone from the opposing party hey
we're proud of you and then goes on
talking about the timeline for Supreme
Court justice the reason first of all
I've talked to Donald Trump on the phone
it does sound like Donald Trump secondly
when you look at the fact that how would
stuttering John have called the White
House why would he even call the White
House and then get through the air for
someone and lie but it wasn't that he
would call another number he would know
they would hang him by his shoes if he
didn't call the White House so why would
he put himself by secondly you have
targets that are in John all the players
all right Holly Jackson thank you so
much for bringing us this interesting
story hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
