John all morning we've been talking
about Donald Trump's sixty minutes
interview especially when he was asked
about allies and EU and NATO and let's
listen to what Donald Trump had to say
and then get your learned response you
have also slapped some tariffs on our
allies I mean what's I know I we have
wonderful relationships with a lot of
people but nobody treats us much worse
than the European Union the European
Union was formed in order to take
advantage of us on trade are you willing
to disrupt the Western alliance it's
been going for 70 years it's kept the
peace for seven you don't know that you
don't know that I don't know what you
don't know that is it true general
mattis said to you the reason for NATO
and the reason for all these alliances
is to prevent World War three no it's
not true what's likely I like general
mattis I think I know more about it than
he does and I know more about it from
the standpoint of fairness that I can
tell you supposed to try one more time
okay no unless you don't have to try
again I know exactly the answer is this
I will always be there with NATO but
they have to pay their way okay this is
a guy John meet some who thought that
during the campaign that nuclear triad
was a five minute energy drink and he's
saying he knows more about foreign
policy than general mattis you can talk
about that you can talk about so much
they're the the the biggest concern is
that he really does have a complete
ignorance of NATO the EU that that both
of those institutions were thought a
thought of dreamed of developed
implemented in large part by Americans
and American presidents for the best
interest of the United States of America
and it's worked we're going on 75 years
or I guess more like 70 years dating
back to this elect this most recent
presidential election where this was the
infrastructure
and uneasy but ultimately successful
piece we avoided nuclear Armageddon not
least because of these institutions that
were who came out of Democratic
administrations but which were totally
supported by and perpetuated by
Republican ones you know there used to
be there were that generation the the
Gerald Ford's the the Eisenhower
Republicans used to privately really
resist the idea that Ronald Reagan had
won the Cold War because as they would
put it kind of without a lot of guile
they would say the American people the
Western alliance won the Cold War
and what I think we're seeing here is
the remarkable truth that there is in
fact no learning curve with this
particular president this is exactly
what he was saying when he picked up on
the NATO issue in the very beginning
during the campaign he's managed to
monetize our alliances he's managed to
see everything as Commerce and I think
Madison has been an important check you
know you you hope that if mattis were to
go there would continue to be at least
some sense that trumps bark is not as
bad as the bite but we don't know well
Donald Trump is is operating in an
alternate universe asking questions are
saying to lesley stahl you don't know
the very things that we all do know and
history has proven it time and again
that these alliances with Europe they've
helped us in in so many ways and it was
always general mattis there who tried to
explain what happened that this is by
the way just so everybody remembers
mattis tried to give Donald Trump a
history pressin because Donald Trump
doesn't read books and he doesn't know
history and at the end that's when he
bolted up angry left the room and that's
when the the then Secretary of State
called him a moron with another
with in other words in front of the
morons do but if you believe that
general mattis is a good Czech secretary
mattis is a good check on US foreign
policy you'll be concerned with this
next clip I think I have a great cabinet
there are some people that I'm not happy
with who you know I don't want to say
that by mine I know I don't want to say
that but I have some people that I'm not
thrilled with and I have other people
that I'm beyond thrilled with what about
general mattis is he going to leave well
I don't know he hasn't told me that my
relationship with him it could be that
he is I think he's sort of a Democrat if
you want to know the truth but general
mattis is a good guy we get along very
well he may leave I mean at some point
everybody leaves everybody people leave
that's Washington well if he if he's a
Democrat then Donald Trump should love
him because Donald Trump gave a ton of
money to rahm emanuel gave a ton of
money to chuck schumer gave a ton of
money to the Democratic National
Committee gave money to Hillary Clinton
I mean Donald Trump you would think that
if you were a Democrat Trump's been a
Democrat his entire life until he
discovered birtherism in 2011 let's just
just think clearly this president
doesn't want to fire general mattis but
what this is is whatever the opposite of
a ringing endorsement that's what we
that's what we got I think he's hoping
that essentially he gets the message and
leaves but as you suggested it you know
at that early meeting at the Pentagon
general mattis essentially is the
embodiment of the farm the bipartisan
foreign policy tradition of American
leadership the problem is that he's
working for someone who rejects the idea
of what America's done over less than
the year Donald Trump believes that the
burdens and costs of what we've done in
the world far outweigh the benefits
general mattis is just the opposite he
believes the benefits far outweigh the
burdens and cost so they're not on the
same page and the issue is if he's not
there who will basically stand up for
the inheritance for this system that we
essentially have taken over and it's not
obviously it's not going to be john
bolton the question is whether Mike
Pompeo will do it so it's not obvious to
me who who essentially represents the
the inheritance of American foreign
policy that has worked so well for 70
years now not obvious does anybody else
other than general do you remember back
in the day when Trump appointed mattis
first and that's the immediate aftermath
that you've always said over and over
again I called a mad dog love because
laws mad dog I'm convinced that the only
reason he appointed it was because he
liked that name he was like that dog
that said I love saying that
I got a Secretary of Defense named Mad
Dog Madison well actually at least
people laughed but that new Maddox
because they said he's more general
Marshall than he was General Patton but
Trump didn't know that he was distracted
by the nickname and let's consider just
how far Donald Trump's evolution or lack
thereof has come since the point of
general mattis first meeting with Donald
Trump
general mattis explained that nuclear
weapons caused a lot of destruction and
so do you remember Donald Trump came out
of that meeting was like oh well you
know general mattis convinced me you
don't want to use a nuclear weapon well
so it's like wow this is where this is
where we are and I don't swearwords
point about ideology and wondering about
the ideology that's almost a luxury at
this point we don't even have the
framework in place to execute foreign
policy abroad you look at no ambassador
to Turkey no ambassador to Saudi Arabia
Donald Trump has said I alone can do it
and he has said he specifically is not
going to make these appointments because
he doesn't need people see I think
that's a very important point so mattis
is an institutionalist right he's a
lifetime military person believer in
international structures in NATO and all
that Donald Trump is a radical he is a
you know radical outsider and and for
him all of these things are structures
that are limiting to the to America to
him as a person to him as a president
and when he was unsure of himself as the
leader of the United States he wanted to
surround himself with uniformed people
who would make him look strong he said
at the end of the 60 Minutes interview
that he is now very comfortable as
president which means he doesn't need HR
McMasters uniform not that McMaster wore
uniform as a national security adviser
he does
manases uniform this is his presidency
he knows more than mattis and therefore
that thing that he had the insecurity he
had about showing proper strength by
having a lot of medals on the chest of
the guy behind him he no longer needs
and therefore the clock is ticking on
Maddox and Kelly and John John Kelly
read this chief of staff exactly thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
