welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with
senator Mitch McConnell's floating rules
of fairness as you no doubt know in 2016
McConnell refused to give President
Obama's Supreme Court pick Merrick
garland a hearing because he said it was
an election year and the voters should
decide he invokes something called a
Biden rule now of course it's an
election year again but McConnell says
no no no no I meant in a presidential
election year
of course presidents Trump's pick will
get a vote this year perhaps we should
suggest the publication of rules are a
mich for other reasons why 2018 is a
more appropriate year for a vote on a
Supreme Court justice for instance did
you know that votes may be held in years
with a full solar eclipse
good news for Neil corsets last year
votes may be held in years when there
are two Senate elections taking place in
the state of Minnesota Oh shoo all right
you can do that now there's two this
year votes may be held at a time when
the reigning champions of three of our
four major sports teams are first-time
winners Astros Eagles capitols president
Trump owes you a thank you
of course McConnell never believed that
no votes should be held in an election
year in a presidential election year he
believed no votes should be held to
confirm a Democratic president's nominee
period he just didn't have the guts to
say that everyone knew it why not say it
I don't want President Obama's nominee
on the court that way McConnell wouldn't
have to debase himself now and the
ridiculous
muscles that everybody's pulled this
week in the United States Senate it's
absurd
instead how about we win you lose tough
luck you want to pick Supreme Court
justice Democrats try winning an
election and one more thing you know why
Donald Trump is president because too
many politicians created BS rationales
and he said I'm calling BS on all you
guys they're all full of it anyway so
why I liked any Washington politician
now that I think of it and that seemed
to work out pretty well for Mitch
McConnell first rule of SCOTUS Fight
Club there are no rules
we'll be right back hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more me to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
