well certainly when I was minding my own
business and private practice in Atlanta
I didn't think I was going to be
spending the first ten months of my job
dealing staring down the barrel of a
contempt citation for conduct that
occurred long before I even thought
about being FBI director seems like you
should be recused from this more so than
Jeff session just because you were
involved in making decisions affecting
both prongs of this investigation why
haven't you done that congressman I can
assure you that we were appropriate for
me to recuse I'd be more than happy to
do so and let somebody else handle this
but it's my responsibility to do it okay
welcome back to Morning Joe it is Friday
June 29th still with us we have Donny
Deutsch Republican strategist and MSNBC
political analyst Susan Dell / CEO
Pulitzer Prize winning columnist and
associate head of the Washington Post
and MSNBC political analyst Eugene
Robinson and joining the conversation
New York Times reporter Michael Schmidt
and editor-in-chief of La fair and an
MSNBC legal analyst Benjamin with us
good to have you all on board this hour
you know we went Pat we went last hour
showed a couple of clips and Dan why
don't we get those queued up again
pretty soon with a couple of clips
actually incredible yeah showing rod
Rosen Stein going in there and not being
asked questions basically being shouted
at by some unhinged members of the House
Republican Party who are not carrying
himself the same way Republicans in the
United States Senate are chairman of
judiciary in the Senate has said that
you know what there's an investigation
going on on whether Vladimir Putin tried
to influence or election in 2016 and
still is in 2018 let's let that
investigation run its proper course you
have chairman birth carrying who has
been working well very well with the
ranking member from Virginia and there
they're doing it the way you're supposed
to conduct bipartisan investigations
trying to get to the bottom of what all
of Donald Trump's Intel Chiefs have said
was a long concerted effort by Vladimir
Putin
to interfere with American democracy
told you they did it right in the Senate
let me show you the clown show in the
house mr. Rosen Stein why are you
keeping information from Congress person
I'm not keeping any information from
Congress that it's approved in a few
minutes mr. Rosen Stein think the House
of Representatives going to say
something different I don't agree with
you congressman I don't believe that's
what they're going to say and if they do
they'll might disagree but I think I
mean I think and I wonder why you won't
give us what we've asked for sir I
certainly hope that your colleagues are
not under that impression that is not
accurate sir it is accurate we have
caught you hiding chairman Sir let make
this one Pinet make this one point in
sir
where we've client hiding information or
statement that I'm personally keeping
information from you trying to conceal
information heard the boss mr. rose is
dying that's correct
and my job is to make sure that we
respond to your concerns we have sir now
I've appointed mr. louse who is managing
that production my understanding is it's
actually going very well sir but your
use of this to attack me provided you to
the witness be permitted it's not
personal
I appreciate your service it's not
personal we just want the information
which is sure and I appreciate your
saying it isn't personal sometimes it
feels that way mr. Rosen Stein did you
threaten staffers on the House
Intelligence Committee media reports
indicate you did media reports are
mistaken sometimes this is what they
said having the nation's number-one law
enforcement officer threatened to
subpoena your calls and emails is
downright chilling did you threaten to
subpoena their calls and emails no sir
and there's no way to subpoena phone
calls well I mean I'm just saying I mean
they been a Benjamin witness the display
yesterday of these Republicans they were
angry they were unhinged and
unfortunately none of their attacks were
fact-based when they stopped screaming
and actually let rod Rosenstein respond
it became very clear what was going on
with this investigation
what were your takeaways from
and what I called the clown show
yesterday in the house well you call it
a clown show I think that's actually a
generous word for it you know all of
this stuff that's done in the name of
oversight but this was not about
oversight this is a kind of Inquisition
and it's all directed at protecting the
president from a lawful and proper
investigation of a very serious set of
matters and you know the idea that we
drag our law-enforcement leadership in
front of a congressional panel to be
hectored and berated and you know lied
about and lied to for hours and hours
and hours you know this is a you know
it's a disgraceful exercise and it's
it's a dangerous one because it sends a
message to you know to everybody who
works in law enforcement that the
Congress of the United States is your
enemy they will try to destroy you and
you know that is not the message that we
should be sending to people in public
service well it is it is they were angry
and unhinged and Gene Robinson it was
disgraceful and it was dangerous because
even the Republicans in the United
States Senate the Republicans in the
United States Senate will tell you that
what they were doing is providing cover
for Donald Trump and by extension
providing cover for Vladimir Putin
because all of Donald Trump's Intel
chiefs told the Senate that in fact
Vladimir Putin is actively trying to
undermine American democracy and while
he's trying to undermine American
democracy and American law enforcement
officers trying to get to the bottom of
that with this investigation you have a
handful of these House Republicans who
are trying to undermine the
investigation of Vladimir Putin right
and so why wouldn't Republicans want to
get to the bottom of that why wouldn't
Republicans want to know
exactly what Putin and the Russians did
how they did it who might have helped
them that's a god let's do it why
wouldn't they consider interference in
our election process just an outrage and
and an unacceptable hostile act by an
adversarial nation like it's just
amazing that they're actually protecting
the Vladimir Putin and and his campaign
essentially to disrupt Western
democracies not just doing it here he's
done it throughout throughout Europe as
European leaders if they don't feel
under threat by Russian attempts to to
mess with their democracies and and yet
one of our major political parties is
not only just uninterested in that but
wants to thwart an investigation into it
and the reason is just to protect Donald
Trump it's the the the investigation
comes dangerously close to Donald J
Trump and they're trying to protect him
while they're trying to protect the
doing everything they can to try to stop
the investigation while the
investigation is moving at an
extraordinarily fast pace you know the
and jeans right this isn't just Putin's
plan in the United States of America he
tried to disrupt the election in France
he's tried effectively in Bulgaria he's
tried in Poland and Austria across
Central and Eastern Europe I mean he's
trying it and our job is to elect
leaders who are trying to stop it who
will protect American democracy instead
of trying to kill investigations by
spewing out falsehoods it Capitol Hill
hearings my god I mean here's trey Gowdy
again I want to play this trey Gowdy
clip it's breathtaking Russia isn't
being hurt by this investigation right
now we are this country is being hurt by
it we are being divided we've seen the
bias we've seen the bias
we need to see the evidence if you have
evidence of wrongdoing by any member of
the Trump campaign campaign presented to
the damn grand jury if you have evidence
that this president acted
inappropriately presented to the
American people whatever you got finish
it the hell up
I've got to go back to Benwood it's been
I'm going to show you a couple of things
here first of all let's look at
timelines trey Gowdy knows better
it's what's so distrusting the russia
investigation that now it's gone three
hundred ninety seven days it's cost less
than Donald Trump's trips to his
privately owned golf courses check the
numbers that's the truth and we've got
four Intel chief saying that Russia is
trying to influence an undermine and
subvert American democracy so that
investigation is gone three hundred
ninety seven days iran-contra almost
twenty five hundred days and whitewater
almost three thousand days of course no
complaints from Republicans about that
but look at those numbers and you've got
actually a guy who's an office of a
court saying hurry the hell up and get
this done quickly he knows he knows this
is moving extraordinarily quickly and
the results as well you know been
witness let's look at the results of
actually what's happened because you had
him safe you have evidence of anybody on
Trump's campaign doing anything improper
let us know you get Paul Manafort
Trump's campaign chair that he said he
had to hire so he can win the Republican
nomination because he said Manafort knew
how to get things done knew how to how
to get the votes indicted in jail
Michael Flynn indicted pled guilty
cooperating Rick gates campaign chair a
coke campaign aide who worked through
the transition guilty and cooperating
George papadopolis a man that Donald
Trump said in the middle of a heated
publican campaign said was one of his
top washington post one of his top
foreign policy advisers arrested pled
guilty cooperating as well and of course
thirteen russians three russian
companies and this appears to be from
how things look right now been not the
beginning at the end but it could be the
as winston churchill would say the end
of the beginning and yet you have these
republicans trying to kill the
investigation right so you know if this
is as the president says a witch-hunt
it hasn't lacked for witches to catch
and you know the you you can you can
over and over and over again as as Gowdy
did yesterday
you know demand that it produce evidence
but that doesn't mean it hasn't produced
evidence and you can complain about the
length of time that it's taken but that
doesn't mean it's taken a long time and
you can raise questions about the
integrity of the people who run it but
that doesn't mean there are any serious
questions about the integrity of the
people who run it what's going on here
is a systematic effort on the part of
House Republicans to protect the
president by signing the people who have
been charged with investigating this set
of matters and there is you know you you
alluded earlier to Republicans in the
Senate as a counterexample there's one
in particular who I think we should sort
of call out specifically which is
Senator Richard burr who's running the
Senate Intelligence Committee
investigation and you know if a lot of
viewers have not heard his name
that's because he's just put his head
down and done his job and let his staff
work with Senator Warner staff to do
their job and that's what a
congressional investigation in this
matter should look like and you know you
know people think it's a wholly partisan
thing it's not a wholly partisan thing
and you know this is you
call it a clown show i call it an
inquisition this is a group of
republicans in the house behaving in an
extraordinarily reckless and dangerous
fashion there are other republicans who
are not doing this and you know we
should be we should be cognizant of the
fact that it's not inevitable that a
house of congress works this way you
know history will of course judge them
very harshly a couple of things first of
all as far as trey gowdy saying how how
long this has taken his Benghazi
investigation went two and a half years
he waited until after he looking Clinton
laws to wrap it up please the hypocrisy
there is crazy and as far as Richard
Burr goes I came in in 94 to Congress
with Richard Burr Richards the
Conservatives conservative he's a
Republicans Republican he's always been
loyal to the conservative cause he's
always been loyal to the Republican
Party and yet he puts America first
that's what you call America first he
puts America first ahead of his party he
wants to find out the Intel Chiefs that
Donald Trump hired all say that Russia
is trying to subvert American democracy
Richard is working with Democrats and
Republicans alike to figure out how
they're subverting democracy and you
know me a and also yeah Ben was talking
about well if there's a witch-hunt
I found a lot of witches a actually a
lot of witches just sort of smaller
walked out his front door yeah started
to walk off the porch and all these
witches just felt right at his feet I
mean it's not even been that hard of a
witch-hunt so far if you compare the
length of this to iran-contra or to
whitewater I mean we're just at the
beginning of this and and the witches
aren't falling at his feet out of the
sky we know this so you have to question
what exactly were they trying to do
these Republicans in Congress yesterday
and an especially trey Gowdy and this
gym with the Jordan the
Wow a little outmatched there just a
tiny bit outmatched Michael Schmidt
where is your reporting taking you as it
pertains to attorney general broad
Rosenstein and what would happen is it
possible is that even in the realm of
possibility he could be fired and what
would be the fallout there of course he
could be fired and the president would
like to do that but he realizes that
politically that is too difficult when
he fired Comey I still think he has the
scars from that he understands how
damaging that was to himself the
interesting thing about Rosen Stein here
is that he's made this calculation he
knows some of the cards that Muller
holds he knows what Muller is going to
do and it looks like here Rosen Stein is
continuing to buy time continuing to buy
off these Republicans by producing these
documents he took a very adversarial
tone yesterday really pushing back on
them harder than he ever has and really
basically saying look you know we are
giving you everything we can and the
question here is that is he capitulating
is he simply just going along with this
to keep his job or is he really trying
to protect Muller is that the larger
thing that him and his deputy ed
O'Callahan who's sitting behind him
who's overseeing the Muller
investigation are doing and that's that
that's the the most interesting part of
this calculation that I find Michael how
how far do you think that the
Republicans really are willing to push
Rosen Stein on this I mean are they
concerned about any type of backlash
because he isn't a position potentially
to I mean yesterday he was rather polite
but he can potentially really kind of
slap them down a bit if they go too far
with some of their allegations I don't
think so I mean I think for them this is
working out really well there they like
Rudy Giuliani or throwing a lot of
different things at the wall they're
creating a lot of good Fox News sound
bites Jim Jordan that kind of back and
forth is perfect for their base and
really plays into this narrative it
makes things more confusing that's
something that Giuliani and Trump's
folks have really done over the past few
months very well they've made this a
much more difficult thing for the
average /
to understand and follow there's all
these different accusations they were
really helped by the IG report that made
a lot of this FBI bias issue come even
more to the forefront and the more that
they push that the better this is really
something that has worked well for them
with their base the president tweeting
witch-hunt far more in the past month
than he ever even even though Michael
it's not fact-based I mean objectively
it is not fact-based objectively it was
Donald Trump who was helped the most by
the FBI he was helped the most by Jim
Comey who was helped the most even even
by McCabe I mean Bryan McCabe leaks
information that we seized upon that
everybody seized upon that the FBI was
then looking at the Clinton Foundation
and of course that letter that Comey
sent out for some unknown reason uh and
in the way he did helped elect Donald
Trump everybody knows that but you're
saying this is still good for them I
look I'm not this is not an exercise of
intellectual honesty that's going on
here it's not this is a political fight
and they're trying to muddy the waters
and since Giuliani came on they have hit
the gas a lot harder on that issue and
you have to come back to where this sort
of all starts and it starts with the FBI
questions about the text messages that
comes out at the end of last year it's
these issues of bias that came out that
the Republicans have seized on it
I mean this is what they push this is
what Fox News pushes this is what the
conservative media pushes and for their
base it has been effective and what's in
it I mean I don't know how you could
deny that and what's all amazing Donnie
is it you know Peter struck who texted
some of the messages wanted to testify
in public Republicans what and letting
Jeanne I want to share with you a bad
dream I have and tell me if it's
impossible you can become reality we're
watching guys like trach out or you say
things like you know this is which on
there's been nothing proven and and
we've clearly going over the indictments
and the guilty pleas to date let's say
and I believe it will absolutely happen
because the way Donald Trump has done
business that it is
proven without a shadow of a doubt that
Donald Trump knew everything that was
wrong with Russia he knew about that
meeting at his hands at the controls and
the Republican it's not not proven
beyond a shadow of a doubt but it will
website when it comes out this is my
dream and from and the Republican yes
Court but when it comes out and it will
and the Republicans still control the
house will they still be calling the sky
green what will push it to the point so
let's say let's play this out and let's
say this is now six months from now will
they still and is this at the end of the
day is this a futile exercise if the
Democrats don't take the house yeah look
I've been writing month after month
after month Democrats need they take the
house this Congress will not hold this
president accountable they've made it
very clear how you know how how better
can they spell it out than what we saw
yesterday they're not gonna hold Donald
Trump accountable I think under any
circumstances I cannot imagine them
actually you know even even proper
oversight of this administration let
alone proper investigation a letter let
alone what they would need to do if
Donald Trump is personally implicated in
this in this Russian meddling they're
not going to do it and that's why
Democrats have to win in November that's
why this is such an important election
they've got to win the house there's a
whole lot at stake a lot more than the
fortunes of one political party we're
talking about the proper functioning of
this democracy it's not in charge the
house it's one of the reasons why Donald
Trump it'd be very hard for Donald Trump
to fire rod Rosen Stein is because the
Susan Dell Percy appointed out to me
earlier they can't find a number three
at the Justice Department and if they
fired rod Rosenstein if they fired Jeff
Sessions if they fired anybody
Republicans in the Senate would revolt
and certainly wouldn't pick anybody to
to replace them and nobody wants to work
there given this sort of disgraceful
showboating we saw yesterday on the hill
yeah so if you're a possible replacement
for rod Rosenstein after he's been fired
and leave aside whether the Senate would
confirm such a person and you watched
that hearing yesterday you would have to
be stark raving mad to accept an
appointment to subject yourself to that
to take over this investigation when
there is a committed group of people in
the House of Representatives who run the
place and by the way include the Speaker
of the House who are devoted to
undermining your position that would be
you know that's an act of throwing
yourself on a on a pike and you know I
think it would be it would be very
difficult to get somebody competent and
serious who was willing to take the job
under these circumstances and look Chris
Rea all butts expressed regret for doing
so
yesterday Benjamin with us Eugene
Robinson and Michael Schmidt great
conversation thank you all for being on
this morning and thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
