it's unbeliev well congressman trey
gowdy who led I think it was a two and a
half year at least to Hillary Clinton's
handling of Benghazi in two and a half
years well he said it's time for this
investigation to close up shop Russia
isn't being hurt by this investigation
right now we are this country is being
hurt by it we are being divided we've
seen the bias we've seen the bias we
need to see the evidence if you have
evidence of wrongdoing by any member of
the Trump camp and campaign presented to
the damn grand jury if you have evidence
that this president acted
inappropriately presented to the
American people whatever you got finish
it the hell up well I mean it's very
easy for trey Gowdy to say that and
we'll give him a break because he's
never actually practiced law he never
even went to law school in fact I think
he was a plumber by trade before he got
there so he doesn't understand the law
doesn't understand investigation so
let's give him a free pass for for for
the rest of you who aren't lawyers let's
just enjoy it can help out it's Joyce
she's gonna help out if you can she sure
had a lawyer i understanding at the law
i went to law school but i was never
good lawyer i think this you know Brooke
Joyce this case just bury talent first
of all this rush investigations just a
fraction of the other special
prosecutors investigations its it about
the 400 day mark interesting iran-contra
why that lasted two thousand four
hundred and twenty days and whitewater
which all Republicans were cheering they
love that one that was a good one that
whitewater that was just seemed like the
thing to do for an entire decade that's
two thousand nine hundred seventy eight
days and I didn't hear trey gowdy or
anybody else while that was going on
saying hurry the damn hell up and let's
just and gaudi's on Benghazi
investigation I don't know if he
remembers this but I went like what 297
days and they filed final report in
December of 2016
a month after Hillary
I'm not making this up a promise I'm not
making this up
filed it after she lost the presidential
campaign now
yeah it's 14 months after the Republican
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy
said this everybody thought Hillary
Clinton was unbeatable right but we put
together a Benghazi special committee a
select committee what are her numbers
today her numbers are dropping Wow hey
guess what all so trey Gowdy said that
nothing's been proved just by us just by
this nothing nobody in the Trump
campaign did anything wrong it's just
biased if you have evidence prove it now
that would come I must tell you
congressman Gowdy as as a a cold is it's
cold comfort to Paul Manafort who
actually and I know congressman Gowdy
you weren't actually around during the
Russian camp not the Russian campaign a
lot of people could call it the Russian
campaign Donald Trump's campaign but
Paul Manafort was actually Donald
Trump's campaign chairman and Donald
Trump told me during the campaign he had
to hire man afford if you wanted to win
the Republican nomination because mana
fork knew how to get delegates oh man
afford indicted sitting in jail
congressman Gowdy Michael Flynn who
actually was the guy that Donald Trump
and all of his campaign people told me
flew around with Donald Trump everywhere
because he kept him calm Michael Flynn
congressman Gowdy he said nothing's been
proven guilty
I was also Donald Trump's first national
security adviser Rick gates also a top
campaign aide also helped believe it or
not in the transition and toward the
inauguration guilty also cooperating
with robert muller george papadapolis a
man not really i do get tired of
repeating this but if republicans are
cursed with short-term memory loss on
capitol hill i feel it a public service
to keep reminding them i wouldn't do
this but for the fact that trey Gowdy
said
nothing happened to anybody involved in
the campaign George papadopolis a man
that Donald Trump told The Washington
Post in spring of 2016 in the middle of
his campaign one of those was one of his
top two foreign policy advisers guilty
also cooperating and by the way while we
we don't just have to talk Donny Deutsch
about about all of Donald Trump's
campaign aides that are now guilty some
in jail but most of them cooperating
well we could talk about the 13 Russians
yeah who have been indicted we could
talk about the three Russian companies
that were indicted why there's a
veritable cornucopia of indictments that
a fine around of of plea nails that are
flying around of you name it flying
around evidence and yet they're just
saying I mean can we get that clip I
just I I hate to do this but I don't I
think maybe I have short term memory
loss because I really can't believe that
trey Gowdy said what I'm remembering him
to have said Sousa do did he say nothing
can I hear that clip again because I
think I get what can play it again for
you a little worried here it is you can
see it you won't forget okay but I'll
write it down
Russia isn't being hurt by this
investigation right now we are this
country is being hurt by we are being
divided we've seen the bias we've seen
the bias we need to see the evidence if
you have evidence of wrongdoing by any
member of the Trump campaign campaign
presented to the damn grand jury if you
have evidence that this president acted
inappropriately presented to the
American people whatever you got finish
it the hell up I got to say listen this
listen to that second time that's you
got it now Joe I'm confused
hold on Donny that's like drinking a
cold glass of water on a hot Moreno
Mississippi day playing Dixie baseball
in my youth because I'm not I'm not as
concern
anymore no I'm comforted because what he
said is just completely wrong he said he
said Russians aren't hurt by this they
actually are yeah they're hurt not hold
on they're hurt badly and there have
been there been thousands of reports
have been out over the past six months
if this is hurting Russia also he said
we've seen the bias we need to see the
evidence if anybody in the Trump
campaign I just could you put that chart
up one more time
you said if anybody in the Trump
campaign did anything wrong okay
yeah okay we're gonna just we're gonna
have about ten seconds of silence in
memory of of the congressman's memory
and let's just look at this and soak it
in and then we can talk to a guy who's
wearing a bow tie that shouldn't hold on
let's listen you can't count okay there
we go hey see Joe but maybe had time to
focus on here's why I think everything
gets cleared up what's that and why I
think probably trey gowdy is right what
are you really wearing that bow tie yes
I am and I think it's like the viewers
to write in but this is the important
thing because I want to make you feel
better
yeah cause Donald Trump said that
Vladimir Putin said to him yeah they
didn't get involved they didn't they
didn't you know mess at all so so we
know that must be true because Putin or
number one geopolitical enemy said to
our president where entire intelligence
community has already said they have
meddled no we didn't so I feel better
that they didn't I'm not worried because
Vladimir Putin said they did yeah so I
think everything in Dyckman stock matter
I think it doesn't matter that Bob
Muller is doing everything he's doing
because he's gonna the end of the day
come up and say oh wait Putin was right
such nothing happens that Joyce I'm
sorry go ahead he was right about one
thing what's in there is an
investigation that is hurting this
country and it is in fact the
congressional investigation that is not
being handled responsibly in the house
where at least the Senate is doing
something doing a great job great job
but the problems are actually acting
like public servants in the Senate all
right they're doing their job that's
what we were supposed to do but the
house
mmm-hmm they aren't hurting they are her
travesty and they are helping Russia by
not adding response
I hold Joyce there was a great if they
think was George Conway really great law
fair column saying you know what Donald
Trump goes out and blathers about this
or glad there's about that sounds really
stupid talking about the law we hold him
to a different standard we hold
non-lawyers to a different standard you
know there was somebody was like talking
about how unconstitutional robert
Muller's investigation was and George
Conway said you know what you one thing
if he were Donald Trump and didn't know
any better but this was one of the
cofounders of the Federalist Society so
should really be ashamed of himself that
he's actually in the words of former
Chief Justice Rehnquist
retching words from their proper context
in this case trey Gowdy my god he has no
icky is an officer of the court I
consider somebody who's been a lawyer
and officer of the court and for an
officer of the court to lie like that
and he knows what investigations are
like he understands that Robert Muller
is moving at a fast and furious pace and
he understands that he's in the middle
of investigation that his move with
ruthless efficiency over the past year
trey Gowdy knows better you know there
are two things that really stand out
here the first thing is how quickly
Muller has moved every federal
prosecutor will tell you that public
corruption cases which is what this is
they're complicated they take time this
one has international financial legs and
yet here Muller is moving at lightning
speed with indictments in double digits
in the first year and that's really
remarkable the second thing that Gowdy
knows is that everything that happens in
the grand jury happens behind a veil of
secrecy and that's four good reasons to
protect the integrity of the
investigation
gaud√≠ doesn't know what Muller has been
doing in the grand jury
we know that the Russian troll farm
indictment is there we know that Muller
been talking with folks like Roger stone
there's clearly another shoe to drop and
I think the question is how many shoes
and how close they land to Donald
Trump's front door and it's obvious
that's what they're trying to stop
absolutely that's for sure
you know yesterday to me looked like
they were trying to come up with a
reason some sort of a hook that they
could use to pull rod Rosen Stein out of
the Justice Department they were trying
to push his buttons they accused him of
lying under oath I've never seen rod
Rosenstein that agitated in any
situation I thought he handled himself
remarkably well standing up for the best
principles so are so professional and
standing up for the men and the women
the professionals of the Justice
Department Christopher a boy Donald
Trump you really appointed somebody
great that's a really good hire for that
great latest on the investigation into
the deadly shooting in Maryland and
newsroom plus NBC reported earlier this
year that John Kelly was thinking about
stepping down as Trump's teeth chief of
staff new reporting that it could come
sooner than expected and will he be
replaced morning Joe we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
