President Trump is once again
questioning Russia's interference in our
presidential election and to repeat this
is a matter that has been settled by our
intelligence agencies both in this
country and abroad but the very same
morning the White House announced to sit
down with Russia's Vladimir Putin Trump
said again somewhat amazingly Russia
continues to say they had nothing to do
with capital M meddling in our election
he went on to attack Comey and Hillary
and ended with so many questions so much
corruption talking there about his own
country Putin and Trump are to meet in
Helsinki Finland on July 16 just days
after the president attends the NATO
summit with America's closest allies the
timing is cause for concern among NATO
members and foreign affairs experts
former Secretary of State John Kerry
shared his worries with our own chief
foreign affairs correspondent Andrea
Mitchell what are the risks of a
one-on-one with Vladimir Putin
well good be talking it depends entirely
on how prepared he is on what his agenda
is on what he hopes to get out of it
whether he knows what he wants to get
out of it whether or not he can explain
to people why it is that he praises
Vladimir Putin while attacking our
allies their concerns may be heightened
even more with comments like we heard
from the president last night in Fargo
North Dakota last year with the European
Union and we love the European Union we
love the countries of the European Union
but the European Union of course was set
up to take advantage of the United
States to attack our piggy bank
sometimes our worst enemies are
so-called friends or allies right with
us to talk more about all of it the
aforementioned Andrea Mitchell host of
Andrea Mitchell reports at noon eastern
each day on this very Network she's with
us from Aspen tonight where she hosted
that conversation with secretary Kerry
Rick's tangulls back with us as well
former Undersecretary of State for
public diplomacy and public affairs also
former managing editor of Time magazine
Andrea is the real concern
that the president will somehow pull a
Canada and pull out of the NATO talks
maybe taking a swing at our allies on
the way out and then be seen with
Vladimir Putin exactly the timing could
not be worse excuse me I've got some
allergies out here but the fact is that
he he behaved so badly toward our Ally's
in Canada and tried to get Putin back
into the g7 and he's going now into NATO
where he will beat up on those same
allies as he did about the EU - the
other day in North Dakota and then he's
going to be going directly to Moscow
where Putin is going to be celebrating
his victory as the host of the you know
the soccer finals so it's all playing
out in Putin's favor and we've all seen
already the way the president is prone
to freelance as he did in Singapore with
Kim jong-un canceling those joint
exercises offering that without any
prior notice to South Korea's president
moon without telling general mattis as
Courtney Kirby and Cara Lee are
colleagues reported exclusively last
week that is the concern that he will
get one-on-one with Vladimir Putin whom
he has admired so relentlessly is the
tweet today indicated and buy into
Putin's narrative and this just after
dissing our closest allies this is a
real threat the post-war allies and Rick
if nothing else it looks terrible take
Andrea's point the World Cup will have
just come to an end how could this not
fit into a kind of victory lap narrative
for Putin flying into Helsinki
especially given the PR help he received
from our president this very morning
looks like a bad version of The
Manchurian Candidate or something I mean
the timing though could be worse Brian
how we could the president Trump could
meet with Putin before he meets with
NATO okay so but how ejs were Dutch that
would be an insult but the but yes I
mean it's I mean even what he said about
the EU I mean he is channeling Putin's
view of the West
I mean we the EU was set up to repair
the world after world war two - to put
all the democracies together as that
kind of counter force to russia i mean
and and trump sees it as some kind of
mechanics union that is meant to you
know diss the US economy that is exactly
the way Vladimir's e's it's like he's
channeling putin all the time the
destabilization of the EU of course as
Rick points out Andrea long time Putin
goal here's the reporting from the
Washington Post tonight listen to this
during a private meeting at the White
House in late April Trump was discussing
trade with French president Emmanuel
macron at one point he asked macro why
don't you leave the EU and said that if
France exited the union Trump would
offer it a bilateral trade deal with
better terms than the EU as a whole gets
from the US according to you - to
European officials so there's some there
there Andrea
first of all describing the EU is trying
to rob our piggy bank they are our
market and he doesn't understand
international markets he doesn't
understand that when he imposes tariffs
that is a tax on American farmers and
producers and he doesn't know that
McCrone is was setting himself up as the
leader of the EU to replace Merkel that
was the whole macron policy as he came
to the big state visit to the US it just
shows that he's not reading well he
doesn't follow the briefings and it's
really disconcerting
I mean we've come ironically from the
most intellectualized academic present
we've had in recent history who was
arguably - too cautious about policies
in Afghanistan and Syria according to
many foreign policy critics - one who
was too impulsive and that is in some
ways a virtue
ok meet with Kim jong-un better than
going to war with Kim jong-un but too
impulsive without understanding the
facts hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe
just below me or click over on this list
to see lots of other great videos
