well it's official Donald Trump is
finally getting one of the things that
he seemed to want the most drop is
scheduled to hold a summit meeting with
Vladimir Putin on July 16th in Helsinki
a city with a long history of hosting US
Russia summits the White House statement
was vague on the details of what Trump
and Putin are expected to discuss here's
part of the two-line statement from the
White House well the two leaders will
discuss relations between the United
States and Russia and a range of
national security issues yesterday
national security advisor John Bolton
who met with Putin yesterday in Moscow
and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
assured lawmakers that and reporters the
Trump will discuss Russian meddling in
the 2016 presidential election when he
meets with Putin however it becomes
harder to be optimistic about that after
Trump's tweet this morning saying Russia
continues to say they had nothing to do
with meddling in our election where is
the DNC server and why didn't shady
James Comey and then a disgraced FBI
agents taken examine it
why isn't Hillary Russia being looked at
so many questions so much corruption
isolationpoint Trump's meeting with
Putin is set to follow the NATO summit
in Belgium today we learned about
comments that Trump made about NATO in a
private meeting during the g7 summit
earlier this month that have some US
allies concerned
Axios reports that Trump told leaders it
will be an interesting summit NATO is as
bad as NAFTA it's too much too costly
for the u.s. the port also says that
Trump made the comment after telling the
g7 leaders that Crimea probably should
belong to Russia because everyone there
speaks Russian and tonight we've learned
that Trump reportedly made a pitch to
the President of France to leave the EU
according to the Washington Post
columnist Josh Rogin during a private
meeting at the White House in late April
Trump was discussing trade with French
president Emmanuel macron at one point
he asked McCraw why don't you leave the
EU and said that if France exited the
union Trump would offer it a bilateral
trade deal with better terms in the EU
as a whole a better term than the EU as
a whole get from the United States
Malcolm Anson Jason Johnson join us next
to discuss the impact of all this news
on u.s. foreign relations and Vladimir
Putin's effort to destroy Western
democracies I've said it from day one
getting along with Russia and
China and with everybody is a very good
thing it's good for the world it's good
for us it's good for everybody i joining
us now Malcolm Nance MSNBC
counterterrorism and intelligence
analyst and author of the new book the
plot to destroy democracy and Jason
Johnson's also back with us all right
gentlemen I've created a dealer's choice
it's almost like a game show you can
choose leave the EU France NATO is bad
Putin didn't do anything on our election
said Crimea your choice Malcolm dance oh
I get to choose one you do well yeah
choose more than one well I could choose
them all because there's a reason all of
this is coming out of Donald Trump's
mouth and I wrote an entire chapter
about it you know Donald Trump is a
spies dream I mean he is just the
perfect malleable character but but
spymaster in chief Vladimir Putin has
clearly got something over on Donald
Trump and I'll say it right now he is in
debt to Moscow and he is paying that
debt off to Moscow but in 2013 he had a
meeting at the Nobu restaurant for two
hours with the top 12 richest oligarchs
of Russia and when he walked out of
there he was spouting the Moscow's line
he is still spouting Moscow's line so
when he goes to the Swedes and say oh
you're not a member of NATO but you
participate from time to time in the
United States should be like that too he
means it the Russians have told him that
when he says break up the European Union
macron let's do a private deal he means
that because the Russians have told him
that that it's good the Russians are his
base and he will never betray his base
and he is more than willing to betray
his oath of office he's already done it
several times
yeah and betray and betray Crimea and
say they should be able to be in Russia
if you're talking about debt Jason we
now know that Paul manna for who was his
campaign chairman was in debt to the
tune of ten million dollars alone from
one of these Russian oligarchs named
Oleg Deripaska an affidavit unsealed
Wednesday also disclosed Deripaska had
financially backed manna for its
consulting work in Ukraine yeah there's
a lot of rubles there and this is a
thing I think it's also important you
also mentioned so there's upcoming
summit right we've already discussed
mountain everybody knows this that that
everyone is terrified of this summit
from an American security standpoint
because we can't trust anything that
comes out of this man's mouth right we
have no idea what kind of information
that Donald Trump will say just bragging
to Vladimir Putin he may give him the
NOC list and tell him where all the
spies are because he wants
about Tuffy is the other thing is we
have to remember and this is why this is
dangerous
the Russians have already gotten their
return on the investment right I mean at
this point a summit is really just an
opportunity for Vladimir Putin that to
stunt and flex on the United States and
say look what I got because there's not
much that's actually going to get
accomplished one way or another so I
think the country needs to be aware that
when the president is setting up these
meetings with Kim jong-un and and with
Vladimir Putin it's not to do anything
other than a swage his own ego he wants
to create a new alliance of not just
oligarchs but dictators across the world
that will make him feel better about
their technical term for that as the
axis of autocrats
right Vladimir Putin is crafting
autocracies all throughout Europe
Western Europe and Eastern Europe he's
got the government of Austria and has
signed agreements with United Russia
they are almost an alliance the Czech
Republic in Italy only tried to do it in
France Poland look this is not going to
end well for us democracy is not in
retreat democracy is under direct attack
and it comes partially from the White
House itself Donald Trump it wants to be
that other autocrat he feels that being
an oligarch and being a person who can
rule without the constraints of rule of
law that George Washington
Alexander Hamilton James Madison put in
place is far better and there is a pool
of money clearly that he admires amongst
the the Russian elite oligarchy that he
just couldn't get with his own effort
and you know what like I said he doesn't
seem particularly interested in the
national security of the United States
here's the problem with that is that the
founding fathers that put together this
country imperfect though it is did build
in what they believed would be a check
on yet rogue Article two pirates call
the article 1 parrots Congress it's a
moment it is a pity soup on yes but
every single other branch of government
has abdicated their responsibility
actually do checks and balances I've
said this for a long time looking at
this president his behaviors activities
the Constitution was not written for a
just a debauched human being they had a
naive assumption that we would
eventually more us we might elect liars
we might elect dishonest people we might
elect rude people we had not elect
someone who fundamentally doesn't love
the United States of America and that
we have right now and if Congress
doesn't want to do anything to stop them
and if the Supreme Court says deuces
Kennedy decides he wants to leave and
leave the country to a bunch of white
Nationals who want to pass the Muslim
ban every 15 minutes there is nothing we
can do except vote as much as we can
this fall and make sure the margins
aren't slim because that's when other
people will kind of come in and mess up
and Joe Scarborough said in an op-ed
last year which I thought was brilliant
where he said the founding fathers did
believe that at some point a populist
put into power by the mob would come in
there and start ruling like a tyrant but
he never thought that the article one
powers that Congress would surrender
themselves that to be a Politburo like
the Communist right a rubber-stamp
policy organization who will just you
know do slavish devotion like Saddam
Hussein's Cruz right and just let him do
whatever he wants to the Constitution of
the United States well the people who
have not surrendered to this though
Jason are the Europeans it's been made
very clear to Donald Trump I believe or
at least to the press right that the
European powers the Western powers who
remain France Germany those were still
hanging on are simply going to you know
sort of look away from us right do what
they need to do together and try to hit
hold the alive and for in an economic
sense that actually could be harmful to
the United it's going to be incredibly
harmful to the United States we've seen
it with these terrorists we've seen that
with these sanctions Germany is still
the economic engine of Europe they don't
want to talk to us anymore
you know our largest trading partner is
actually candidates our largest
unguarded border it's a problems we
can't get along the same thing happens
with England and mark my words this
Sunday if a Manuel Lopez Obrador
gets elected in Mexico we're not gonna
have friends down there either okay
that's going to be a far left present in
Mexico who's going to be very very
aggressive about any of you sort of has
to be aggressively against Trump because
remember he has its own national exact
you know last point the Russian strategy
is very clear here they've written about
it they've created doctrine about it
they are here to break the Atlantic
Alliance they use the phrase Atlantis's
that like globalist as an insult the
Washington DC to the European capitals
Alliance that has existed since the end
of World War two that we lost millions
of people to defend they intend to break
it
use Donald Trump to re-engineer it and
that
that axis will go from Moscow to the
European capitals to America as a
subordinate organism I think at this
point having now talked about this with
you guys for years I understand that
Donald Trump wants that what I don't
understand Jason I'm sorry is why Mitch
McConnell and Paul Ryan okay with that
because they're not going to be affected
because they was we talked about they'll
be foot soldiers in gilead they're fine
okay they're perfectly fine with this
new world that's going to be created and
I go so far and I wrote about this last
week now for the Democrats don't care
because they don't fear what he's
bringing because they don't think there
because Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi
aren't terrified because they don't
realize that a panel like this is the
most dangerous thing to this
administration and they don't see that
if they don't do something to fight if
they stay if they keep bringing butter
knives to knife fights with this
administration we will all end up
suffering down the road no one will
escape you're not at risk it's easy to
tell people to calm down and that is
unfortunately the truth Jason Johnson
Malcom Nance I think we all thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
