monka Trump was at the State Department
where she helped unveil the government's
annual report on human trafficking which
calls on foreign governments to put a
halt to the practice that it dangers
mostly women and children this year's
report contains two pages condemning the
separation of children from their
families at one point it reads quote
removal of a child from the family
should only be considered as a temporary
last resort Ivanka Trump did not speak
at the event and she has not made any
comments at her public appearances about
the Trump administration's policy of
separating more than two thousand
children from their parents instead she
reportedly only spoke out in private
asking her father quote daddy what are
we doing about this and tweeting last
week now that an EO has been signed
ending family separation at the border
it's time to focus on swiftly and safely
reuniting the families that have been
separated
today Vanity Fair's Emily Jane Fox
reports this about Ivanka Trump's
silence on the border crisis people who
know the first daughter who are by now
familiar with her cycle of silence and
closed-door entreaties to her father
were baffled as to how she botched her
messaging in such a major way one person
summed it up this way quote it's now
clearly at the point where she is overly
gaming every move out and that leads to
paralysis what we saw last week was just
total paralysis she does not she does
know what's right but she's scared to
even do that joining me now is Emily
Jane Fox senior reporter at Vanity Fair
an MSNBC contributor she's the author
the new book born Trump thank you very
much for your patience with a few
technical difficulties there Emily I'll
let you talk just a little bit about
this contrast so you have the first lady
being sent out to the border to sort of
make a show of compassion this time she
didn't have the jacket and then but
really focusing her compassion on the
Border Patrol officials and then you
have Ivanka who's not even doing that
who sort of not doing anything what do
you make of it you know it's interesting
the first lady spoke out initially well
last weekend a week a week and a half
ago now and gave a statement that
basically said nothing but at least she
had something to say and then she tried
to go down last week to the border and
of course the jacket overshadowed her
trip and her trip today was largely a
photo op but again it showed that she
has some interest in this and what do we
see the person who was in the White
House who was there to be an adviser for
women and children and fam
he's doing absolutely nothing you don't
hear her saying anything publicly you
don't see her doing anything I do
believe that she has said something to
her father privately about the issue on
the border I know from my reporting that
that is true but that is not enough when
your entire role in the West Wing is to
be a public advocate for women and
children people around her people who
have advised her recently people who are
friends of hers from from years ago for
you know people who would talk to her
all the time have said this was an easy
layup for her the first lady had already
paved the way for her all she had to do
was just mimic what the first lady had
said she wouldn't risk her father
getting mad at her which is something
she's deeply concerned about and she
still couldn't even do that and they are
just baffled by her silence and as one
former friend told me yesterday this is
something that's going to stick to her
but you know Emily you you just said
something that I have to go back to you
and and and you sort of recap that she
doesn't want to risk her father getting
mad at her part of being an adviser
particularly at this level a White House
adviser is that you're the person who
can tell the president things that will
make him mad because you are trying to
improve his policies you know on
something like this that is so dramatic
the whole world is watching this
administration take children from their
parents
well she what why is she in the White
House if she's afraid that of making
Donald Trump matter well that's a great
question this is why it is unusual and
it had been illegal for half a century
for someone in a person's family to
serve in a West Wing position there's a
reason why you don't appoint your family
members because there is that level of
conflict of interest and an inability to
actually serve as a traditional adviser
but I will say it's not that she's
afraid of speaking up in private it's
that he gets angry if she speaks up in
public about something we saw this on
this when she spoke up about Roy Moore
in the campaign and she said there's a
special place in hell who for people who
treat children improperly and her father
behind the scene was frustrated that she
made that public statement so it's not
that there's an issue with her advising
him behind the scenes it's when it comes
to speaking out publicly there is a bit
of a hesitation of is
it's going to upset the the relationship
and and that is exactly why having a
first daughter in a senior role in the
West Wing is an issue and why it has
been illegal for half a century well
what is the relationship I mean is it
that she is a dependent is it a business
relationship what is the relationship
it's all of the above it's a very
complicated relationship this is someone
who has essentially been his employee
since she was born but they are very
close at the same time and he does value
her opinion but at the end of the day
the only person who can tell Donald
Trump what to do is Donald Trump yeah we
politicals reporting that maggie cordis
she's a close friend of Ivanka Trump and
an advisor to her on the issue she was
supposed to be conversing on paid family
leave has left the White House there no
plans to replace there's certainly a
likely push pull back from the White
House's efforts to pass patiently it was
that was this always a fig leaf all of
this stuff about doing things for
families and women and girls was that
always a ruse because what Donald Trump
is doing now in terms of the way he
treats families and children this is
actually what he wants to do you know
it's difficult to say what her exact
intentions were there are a number of
times where she will go make public
speeches where she will go and launch
different initiatives having to do with
science and technology education but
those are the easy ones those are the
the things that her father doesn't much
care about or aren't particularly sticky
with in the rest of the West Wing those
are the things that traditionally maybe
a first lady or our first daughter would
support there's no controversy there
when it comes to the controversial
issues when it comes to her having to
speak up against an administrative
position she is silent time and time
again I think it's time that we all stop
expecting her to do the right thing
because she never has since she has
joined the administration yeah I amended
that Emily Jane Fox thank you very much
appreciate your reporting thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
