New Jersey Senator Cory Booker who
serves on the Judiciary Committee thanks
for joining us on a very busy day you
have not seen yet who Donald Trump will
nominate to fill this pivotal vacancy on
the Supreme Court how does how did you
develop a position before you know who
it's gonna be well I think there are a
lot of things that we have to be very
clear and honest about as a country
right now and perhaps one of the biggest
things that has been shaking this
administration is that this president is
the subject of a criminal investigation
and so here you have a president that
has been making a whole lot of loyalty
tests and other things from people we
know this now should we be confirming to
justice that's going to be coming from a
person frankly that there's a conflict
of interest there that this judge could
end up having to preside over cases
relevant to this criminal investigation
can our president pardon himself can a
president be criminally indicted can a
president dismiss the the person that's
investigating them a lot of these issues
might come right before this Supreme
Court and have a president who has a
history of demanding loyalty tests
should that person be able to right now
while this criminal investigation is
going on be allowed to put such a putt
to make an appointment
I say no so you're suggesting that it
would be most prudent for the president
not to be allowed to fill this vacancy
at all while this probe is open I'm
saying that the Senate which should be
acting in a responsible fashion
both of Democrats and Republicans have
already seen fit to think about a
potential constitutional crisis I have a
bipartisan bill with Lindsey Graham that
passed out of the Judiciary Committee
trying to protect the special counsel in
this investigation and here we have
relevant facts it might come before the
Supreme Court like I mentioned before
that should this president be able to
put people in place that could then come
back and protect him a president who's
asked for loyalty tests and asked for a
litmus test such as that and I just
again think that that is imprudent and
we shouldn't do it do you think that
this president would look to fill this
vacancy explicitly to try to protect
himself against the issues you mentioned
against having a Supreme Court that as
it did with Nixon might rule against the
president and force him to provide
evidence yeah
the president said if he knew that Jeff
sessions would properly act to recuse
himself he wouldn't have appointed Jeff
Sessions here's a guy that had
conversations with call me that clearly
indicate that he was looking for a
loyalty test
so here the president seems to be doing
a lot to try to protect himself there is
a growing concern that he's going to not
only be issuing pardons to others but
might look to pardoned himself and so in
this in this environment at walk home
ease investigation is well underway
taking a pause right now and waiting
until the outcome of this criminal
investigation of which President Trump
is a subject of it seems like the
responsible thing to do to me so that's
your goal and you've laid out the
rationale how do you achieve that within
the rules of the Senate how would you
prevent that under the current structure
of the Senate okay we're in a really
unfortunate period of American history
right now we had a legitimate president
under President Obama who had almost a
year left in his term and Mitch
McConnell saying he was setting a
standard subverted that all literally
stole away from a president in the last
year their ability to appoint somebody
to the Supreme Court and so if that is
the way that this majority is going to
go I have no no illusions that they're
gonna stop at nothing to do a
generational shift in the court which
will take away the freedoms and
liberties that so many of us have come
to enjoy in this country like the
freedom of a woman to make her own
healthcare decisions like the freedom of
gay Americans to marry there are so many
things that there are people on the
right who have been saying on the far
right that it's their intent to take
away those freedoms from Americans so I
see this as a very dire period where
there's a lot at stake but I'm not
conceding anything we're gonna have to
fight this every step of the way and I
think that this is a time especially for
the American people to be speaking up to
make sure that their freedoms which are
in the balance right now are protected
so I think what a lot of people want to
know when they hear you say that even if
they agree with you is how do you do
that on the Judiciary Committee would
you try to prevent the hearing from
taking place of this eventual nominee
would you be using boycotts would you be
trying to disrupt a quorum
would you be using a filibuster what are
the tactics you're gonna use well I'm
not going to explain all the tactics
necessarily and mete out a strategy here
with you now but there are a lot of
conversations going on and I'm not again
I don't want to give any illusions that
they don't have power the numbers that
last election that we had the 2016
election we said this during the
campaign that this could end up being
one of the most important elections
because of the Supreme Court because of
what a Republican majority in the Senate
has shown their willingness to do and
already forget even the Supreme Court
what we're seeing right now in terms of
them taking away things like the blue
slip which sounds like a technical term
but these used to be things that were
protections to allow more moderate
judges to come aboard they're trashing
all that in a rush just as a president's
appointed more people than any president
in modern history because of the way
that they're trampling over Senate
Senate procedures and and and Senate
norms and so I understand when we're in
for I understand that that a last
election has in many ways undermined our
ability to get a lot of this done but I
stand here before you right now is the
fourth popularly elected
african-american in the history of our
country to the United States Senate
because of folks who did not accept even
the most tortured decisions like Plessy
vs. Ferguson and more from the from the
Supreme Court they still stood up they
still fought and they still reclaimed
freedom and justice in our country and
that's the point where we are right now
and so I'm not gonna Maddow mete out to
you a strategy but every American right
now right understand the first thing to
do is we cannot be silent while this is
going on well senator let me
respectfully push you a little bit you
you're saying something we've heard
other legislators say which is they
don't want to do the strategy here on
what is day one the first full day since
this news I used to work in the Senate
that makes sense I get what you're
saying and yet the counter-argument is
that Mitch McConnell and Ted Cruz and
these other colleagues they did step up
immediately and lay out their public
strategy which was no hearing no
consideration no nothing from Merrick
garland now as you know and I think our
viewers appreciate the equities were
different depending on who controls the
Senate but why wouldn't it be the case
the Democrats would begin today those at
least who share your position would be
today laying it out so that there are
clear lines whether that is using
boycotts or defunding the government or
even shutting down the government I
don't know it's your strategy but why
not start laying those lines in public
now if you mean them all right I think
we have laid out a lot of things so
first and foremost everyone has to be
involved in this it has to be a moment
of American organizing and activism like
we saw that prevented them from ripping
away health care when they first tried
to do that we're like we saw when the
first Muslim ban came out people were in
airports all around this country the
first part of any strategy has to be the
engagement and the activism of people
letting their voices be heard there are
a lot of senators who haven't made up
their distant minds yet both Republicans
and Democrats we need to make sure that
they're hearing from people so whatever
effective strategy it has to be focused
on people understand the impact that
will have on their lives woman's ability
to make their own medical decisions
their freedom you both know that if this
spring court justices seated that there
could be states within days that are
banning abortion banning abortion in the
cases of rape and incest banning the
abortions in cases of the life of a
mother being threatened these are the
kind of liberties and freedoms that are
at stake and any strategy rights gonna
have to begin with Americans deciding
not to be silent at a time like Rush and
Senator know it so much at stake I know
your time is short so final question on
a different issue today Republicans in
the house going hard at rod Rosen Stein
saying that he is not providing the
right information to Congress that they
may take further steps against him do
they have that right is rod Rosen
Stein's a cooperation with Congress
sufficient your view well first of all
this is rank hypocrisy that we're seeing
again amongst Republicans at God if
Kenneth Starr saw this kind of activity
from Republicans then maybe there would
be some kind of consistent like to stand
upon here is a federal investigation
really initiated by Republicans in this
in this presidential administration and
now in every single way possible House
Republicans are trying to undermine this
investigation and undermine us getting
to the truth the president has said he's
done nothing wrong then we should not be
trying to attack
this investigation let it come to a
conclusion without interference in such
ranked political interference the sir
trying to undermine an ongoing
investigation senator Cory Booker taking
a clear stand a lot of these big issues
and I appreciate you spending some time
on the beat tonight thank you so much
hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
