very president last side seems like a
baby baby big baby had a baby and really
really ill-equipped and I'm shit well in
this country more than wanted references
about the emperor not having any clothes
John Heilemann writing around but he
doesn't realize is it making me and Bray
clothes free baby that's how babies are
at they generally don't have much in the
way of clothing baby so what did you
think of the present what you think
Allah I thought that you know there was
nothing in it that would not enrage all
the people who are already enraged by
him and you know what about what about
it just being a journalist talked about
the president's level of preparation for
the interview how equipped does the
president appear to be 19 20 months in
to be president on it's States just
objectively based on his answer if
there's there was no there was no way in
which anything that's not great him on a
scale right it's gonna do this straight
up theta
they're not gonna score it like they do
at Harvard where everybody gets an egg
this is universe develop and you're at
you you don't do well your your your
back and figley wiggly and Demopoulos
how did he do I thought on the on the
question of how well he seemed to
understand the world right it's all of
its dimensions and complexity I would
grade him in the D range it D range in
the D range and I think that right now
when you're looking at the question that
everyone's birthday the burning question
right now for a lot of people as a
journalist is Mike how's the present
gonna react on the question of the
Saudis right and that is where this I'm
not a baby thing came up and it's like
I'm a man of the world of course I
understand that bad things happened I
think but he's but we did not
demonstrate in that moment I think
that's the thing that people are looking
to right now is for moral leadership on
that question and that was utterly
absent in terms of how he discussed that
issue to me that was the there are a
variety of things to be concerned about
in the interview and there are a lot of
things that you could criticize it
before but that's the burning issue of
our moment and on that issue I thought
he demonstrated neither an enormous kind
of capacity with the facts but also not
the proper level of outrage over the
thing that seems to have happened but so
John Padula it's Nixon frost
parsed all Trump
I think I think it was a very important
interview because it was Trump coming
fully out and saying I am running and I
wouldn't say amoral but beyond moral
president's value said he said I don't
want to screw up arms sales he said look
don't ask me to criticize Putin because
I rely on him to do a lot of things for
me we don't know what that means by the
way he said you know he was upset about
Jamal Khashoggi but you know he didn't
want to upset the applecart right and
climate he wasn't gonna go deep into
climate change because it would affect
jobs this is Trump's line as president
it is a little bit his line in 2020
which is let's cut all the crap I'm here
to help Americans do American jobs I'm
not gonna get the United States involved
in things because I'm upset morally I
got it I've got a different hand to play
and this is going to be the crux of the
argument that he is gonna make for
re-election assuming that the country
doesn't fall into chaos at home or
catastrophe at home he is gonna say I'm
here to deliver for you so so don't
don't throw all your moralism at me I'm
a New York real estate guy all these
people in Washington are savages I'm a
savage back to them and this is who we
are right so Richard Richard Haass we've
heard business owners we've heard CEOs
we've heard others talk about how over
the past decade or so it's been
difficult to compete with China because
there were always well with the United
States values attached yes we will do
business with you but you can't produce
twice the pollution that the United
States and the EU produce and you you
can't just go around and murder
journalists on one day and expect us to
come to your conferences the next day
whereas China has been operating in a
valueless
zone well it appears now that we are in
the realm of what we criticize China for
being just two years ago for a long time
one of the big debates about foreign
policy was American exceptionalism that
somehow we were different we were going
to be the shining city on a hill we were
going to stand for different things we
were going to do two things differently
we didn't always live up to it but that
was the idea well so much for that we
have basically jettisoned American
exceptionalism we're now just like
everybody else
we have princelings working in positions
of power commercialism is the guiding
light the lodestar shall we say of
American foreign policy jobs right it's
a moral to the point of being immoral
but now we are we've joined the pack and
then instead of them coming to us which
was the whole idea of American foreign
policy we were going to raise everybody
else's game to ours
guess what Joe we've now lowered our
game - there's a respected abroad now we
lost credibility abroad America used to
be a country that everyone would watch
what's their words their reaction what
they're gonna say they actually cared
about America's reaction and no one
cares anymore I was just in Turkey and
really people just don't care about
America's opinion anymore at this moment
so we did lose a lot of moral ground
that's a big change here is the
president in the interview about the
trustworthiness of the North Korean
dictator I do trust him yeah I trust him
that doesn't mean I can't be proven
lying when you trust him well first of
all if I didn't trust him I wouldn't say
that to you the fact is I do trust him
but we'll see what happens but is it
true that they haven't gotten rid of a
single weapon and they may actually be
building more missiles you want to know
and I will tell you that they're closing
up sites but I said true that they
haven't well nobody really knows I mean
people are saying that yeah I've
actually said that and no building
missiles more missiles we don't really
know Leslie
really don't know but I suspect let's
say the answer is yes okay and then we
fell in love okay
no really he wrote me beautiful letters
great letters we fell in love I want to
read you his resume okay presides over a
cruel kingdom of repression gulags
starvation reports that he had his
half-brother assassinated slave labor
public executions this is a guy you
might a lot of these things I mean I'm
not a baby
why do you love that guy look look okay
okay that's just it's like an embrace
well let it be at a bris let it be
whatever it is to use a giant guy look
let it be whatever it is I get along
with him really well I have a good
energy with him have a good chemistry
with him look at the horrible threats
that were made no more threats no more
threats what a baby baby so check the
doors for eight years willie Geist I'd
love to play a game and if you answer it
correctly duck would come down and get
but it was when Barack Obama was
president over say what if a Republican
president said what he just said let's
change the game what if Barack Obama had
said what Donald Trump just said about
Kim Jong hoon
literally locusts would descend from the
heavens in Washington DC Neath the flesh
from the bones of all the Republican
opponents it would be it would be
madness absolute madness how could
conservatives not be shocked and
offended but what he's doing after all
we heard in a lot of what I said over
eight years about Barack Obama cow
telling to Iran and making nice with
Cuba right well Richard said this you
know that where American exceptionalism
was gone now you remember a bomber came
under enormous criticism when he was
asked about American exceptionalism and
he said well America's exceptional
Greeks than Greece is except
written see riches now here's here's my
point which is that Obama came at
American exceptionalism from the left he
was like this has mired us in war and
you know caused chaos without our
meeting to cause chaos and I want to
pull back from this and Trump is saying
I'm gonna do I'll say whatever I have to
say and I'm gonna do whatever I could to
do as long as the results are fine so
conservatives went crazy about Obama
because he seemed to be talking down the
United States and Trump is saying I live
in a different world I live in a world
of results and so if I bring you the
results yell at me all you like from
your you know from your Hyde Park Corner
ivory tower ivory tower you know I'm a
New York real estate guy and I'm not a
baby your baby you are all babies with
the with the with the human rights and
the you're all babies human right where
I am analyst and it's all of those
Ronald Reagan quotes of that being is
here he has transformed the Republican
party because that veneer the veneers
you know even though people default to
it like you know Lindsey Graham last
week is saying we're gonna caught off
arm sales to Saudi Arabia yeah we're not
gonna let this happen what happened to
khashoggi is a major international
crisis and Trump is reflected that a
little bit but you know he doesn't mean
it
they they have sold they have sold out
Republicans have sold out on values at
home the very things that they were so
so shocked and stunned and deeply
saddened by with Bill Clinton they are
they are now completely passing off as
nobody's business you can look at
Franklin Graham and other evangelical
leaders who have have you know sold
their souls for this guy politically on
foreign policy issues the ideas of
Ronald Reagan out the window a city
shining brightly on the hill for all the
world to see not on your life
Trump says just give me money okay but
let's take him by his own marrow son to
say John is pointing out Trump saying
judge me by the results well let's look
at the results in North Korea what are
results a lot more nukes the answer is
they continue to build this is member
Pat Moynihan's statement that we're
defining deviancy downright we're now
defining diplomatic success down so
North Korea will every now and then
close this site do that but guess what
there is zero chance they are
denuclearizing and we have a problem the
President of the United States is now so
invested in the apparent success of what
is going on with these Korean
negotiations
does anyone here seriously think he's
gonna call the North Koreans on it and
it's going to give them a test they may
fail that's the danger right now
we have defined success so far down that
this this will continue but guess what
we're never going to get to where we
want to get it it's so much worse though
than just saying America's not because
they set exceptional nation anymore and
saying America as I know this is a
substandard nation you don't have to be
the shine at the preside over the
signing city on a hill to not wrap your
arms around unapologetically the
modern-day Pol Pot I mean the threat the
rest the community of nations the
average the b-plus nations think that
they have to exert had to have to
project enough moral standard to not on
up you again I'll apologetically say
well you know I love the guy I love
Pol Pot you know I love these yes he's a
genocide 'el dictator but you know do
you mean sent me nice letters beautiful
letters Edie and I are in love
and he's not even claiming the results
because when Leslie asks him well have
they shut down the nuclear program ESA's
probably not they're no longer doing
missiles testing we see but what he used
to ask even what so what are the results
mr. president well we really don't know
no saying that people have a nuclear
program is saying is he's being nice to
me right if this is personal I don't
really Trump is saying I don't care
about America I don't care about the
nukes he's being nice to me and like
Putin
he's showing respect toward me so there
are two dangerous things in here to
watch out for first they are still the
people of North Korea that are still
being oppressed they're still being
prison they're so starved they are so
all of these one up
when I say sayings I love the man he
just just gave him a boost of power of
vitamin C basically and his power and
his oppression and we need if we care
about the people of the North Korean in
people we have to do we have to watch
our words and language second having
grown up and known a lot of dictators
unfortunately in my life this is you
know we have to watch when President
Trump is making it all about him it's a
one-man rule and that's very dangerous I
love this man thus we have good
relationship I don't like this man that
with us this we don't have good relation
it's a very personal it's not about
systems and checks and balance and that
is a very very dangerous thing to
attract for is for sure this I think is
a is a key temptation that presidents
fall for Serena have fallen for
throughout the twenty you know the last
hundred years which is it's so easy to
deal with a dictator you go to a
dictator and you say I need X he's like
you have X you go to a democratic
country it's like I got this
constituency I got to worry I got dairy
farmer I've got rice farmers I can't
just lower get out I've got a touch I
have already in Bavaria I may be the
next election right so president there
every president doesn't matter what
party or what ideology at some point
loves to deal with the Saudis because
you go to the setters and you say I need
this favor over here they're like done
don't worry about it so you wonder why
it is why do we support this incredibly
oppressive regime over time it's because
they are a reliable ally in the sense
that when you ask them to do something
they snap their fingers and they can do
it but every time you do it it erodes
your credibility as a spokesman for the
good and the true and the beautiful
Trump is the first president to say I
don't care about the good and the true
and the beautiful you know what that's
all garbage let's live in the real world
you know Europe's not our friend what's
an ally as he said last night about the
year
yeah bizarrely European Union was framed
according to him in order to screw us
and trade deals that's an insane opinion
we created the idea of the European
Union Dwight Eisenhower created the idea
of the European Union to stabilize the
most unstable place on earth right
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
