well I think it's safe to say that
anytime you have an attack at a media
company police are going to look into no
matter no matter the environment no
matter any sort of rhetoric they that
may be coming from anybody police are
going to look at is this somebody that
wanted to make a statement is this
somebody that had a had a specific
message that they wanted to deliver in
addition we should mention that we have
had an incident in the last three or
four years here where a television
reporter to CBS affiliate was shot and
killed but that had to do more with a
workplace dispute that was somebody who
had significant issues that appeared
based upon court documents we saw at the
time with his workplace environment and
so that was in a situation there were
any sort of media person was targeted
because of any sort of ideology or any
sort of thing that that person reported
so we want to be a little bit cautious I
think Ali as you suggested just to kind
of wait till we hear from authorities
what this motive might have been for the
shooting it could have been a domestic
incident although based upon the amount
of people that were injured and killed
in this I'm told at least five people
have been sent to the hospital as the
police said that at least five people
have been killed when we look at numbers
that high and we see somebody that was
appeared based upon eye witness reports
yeah just kind of firing with that
shotgun it's something that seems to
believe that this is this was kind of a
bigger shootings like you and I hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
