okay let me see if we can if we can try
to confirm that with lieutenant Ryan
Frazier of the Anne Arundel Maryland
County Police Department thank you so
much for joining us by phone do you have
any information you can add to what we
know here that the shooter is in custody
and that there may be fatalities and
there are certainly numerous injuries
yeah at this point we have no new
information from when we first arrived
on scene what I can tell you what I can
confirm is around 240 we were called
Road in Annapolis for a report of an
active shooter inside a building once we
arrived our officer very quickly secured
that building we still continue now to
get people outside of that building
that's the state veto or an evacuation
mode right now so we're trying to secure
the building with us we can once that
building secure once for 100% that that
building is secured that's when we will
be able to provide some more information
with the of injuries and information on
the suspect suspect so at this point I
can confirm that we do have injuries we
did have an active shooter situation
inside that building
888 best skate Road in Annapolis again
we do have injuries I can't give the
extent of those injuries at that point
at this point we don't expect this even
though it's very early I want to be a
very have major casualties or several
hundred casualties so but we do have
injuries I can confirm that I'll get you
as much information as possible I just
don't want to give you guys inaccurate
information at this point so that's the
only reason that I can't provide more so
the building is secure
we'll give more information whether the
suspect is in fact in custody that
building is secure and we'll make sure
we give everybody a quick briefing on
the extent of the injuries and how many
injuries at this point one of the main
messages that we want to get out to the
public is one avoid the area okay we
have a lot of police officers here from
our jurisdiction we're very thankful for
other jurisdictions in appala City
Police Department Maryland State Police
Howard County federal agencies everyone
has came here to make sure that we get
as many people safe as quickly as
possible so we're asking family and
friends to meet at the Annapolis Mall if
you need to meet up with a friend or a
loved one that was inside that building
or
unification Center has been set up
inside the Lord & Taylor inside
Annapolis mall so we're asking everyone
to respond to Lord and Taylor we have
officers there that will assist you with
meeting up with friends and family
so that's the biggest message we want to
put out right now we're doing our very
best to get the building secure and we
should have information for you very
shortly and as soon as that building
secure we'll be able to provide more
information we appreciate everybody's
patience and doing everything that we
can to get everybody out safe lieutenant
Frazier we got a picture up of you while
you're talking to us and we're grateful
thank you
