you think somebody could emerge in the
next little bit here they could end up
being a contender there's a talent pool
of that Hali a very deep talent pool and
I think crowded primaries will be a very
good thing it will flush out weaknesses
and a leader will emerge absolutely name
some names who do you think could end
down it part of leadership if you know
the names you know you know the names
yeah I don't know I you know the names
there in the Senate they're in the house
they're outside of government they're
leading states as governors but the best
thing I think for us is to put our best
and brightest forward have a battle of
ideas but this is really to me going to
be about who's going to make sure
paychecks grow we have a health care
guarantee health care for all once and
for all in this country and we take
money completely out of politics
you talk about a battle of ideas it is
the phrase Civil War overstating what's
happening in the Democratic Party right
now or is that clear no no it's it's
overstating it yeah well Joe Crowley a
great guy he lost to miss Acacio Cortes
and what did he do he went on stage
played a song dedicated to her and then
endorsed her that to me shows the unity
and that we understand that if we're
going to push the big red button that's
gonna stop the wrecking ball that is the
donald trump presidency we have to go
into november united have you had a
chance given you sort of your position
in leadership and in your fight for
these millennial issues if you had a
chance to reach out to Ocasio cortez in
the last 24 48 hours you know I did so
as most Millennials do I followed her
and congratulate it on Twitter and
hoping that we can connect soon I'm 37
I'm excited to get more and more younger
people in here with us it's it's a shot
of energy that we need before I let you
go congressman I got to get you on some
of the key news of the day that's come
out including word of the summit now
between President Trump President Putin
I'm curious whether you think that's a
good move and what you want to see the
president hit on there I don't think
it's a good move because the president's
incapable of confronting Vladimir Putin
on what threatens us most which is
election interference he just tweeted
this morning that relation that Russia
said they did meddle so we should just
essentially let it go so what is the
point of the meeting if he's over in
that region he should meet with our
friends who he has insulted from the
French to the British
and you know other countries who have
always stood by us I don't I think this
is a waste of time and it's probably for
other reasons to play to the president's
vanity not to America's interests thank
you for checking out our YouTube channel
why don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
