so you've got people fearing that they
could lose their job but giant investors
you got war on the buck the warren
buffett's of the world saying this is
just Trump rhetoric it's not going to
happen
could this be Trump just playing his
bluff game well I don't think there's a
bluff going on here and in Missouri I
mean as Vaughn just pointed out and
thank him for doing that people are
really losing their jobs really that's
not a bluff they are really closing that
plant that's not a bluff and doesn't
that show right there the clear
difference between the stock market and
the economy in the stock market you can
buy and sell stocks within seconds if
you have to plan for actual corporate
activity you can't do that limber years
takes months and years to plan for a
plan to decide to get put the capital at
work to buy all that plant and equipment
hire those workers pay them more but you
know that's not what's happening look at
Walgreens today okay
Walgreens tax rate went down from
whatever it was 25% to 7% what are they
doing with that extra money 12 to 7 12
to 7 thank you for the action what do
they do with the money by buying back
their stocks and paying a dividend to
their shareholders which is great for
Americans who perhaps own stocks but how
about people who expected to get higher
wages and more and higher employment and
higher paid more for the work that
they're doing not like the people here
in in Missouri who are losing their jobs
this is a total self-inflicted wound
Stephanie the thing is that people
thought with President Trump that they
were gonna get a good businessman the
irony of this is he's pretty much of a
lousy businessman he doesn't understand
business and he's showing it right now
okay well to the point of stock buybacks
we're ready at something like a hundred
and eighty nine billion for the first
three months of the year all we've seen
are one-time bonuses no real wage
increases so it's been a great positive
for the market but in your piece in
Vanity Fair which you write it has been
a fun ride Wall Street braces for
Trump's economic colonic why is there
going to be a colonic all of this is
great for the market it's terrible for
the American worker
well the
there are many reasons as I talked about
in that piece is to talk about colonics
many reasons to talk about how the fun
ride is over because you know no one
rings a bell at the top of the market
the truth is that the stock market the
Dow Jones Industrial Average what we
think of as the stock market is off 10%
since its January highs and his daughter
Ivanka who liked to tweet about the
market have it in quite something
no no that's because there's so much
winning going on that they can't stand
it anymore I mean the interesting thing
is there is a debate even inside his own
white house about the virtue of these
tariffs and and what it really becomes
self-inflicted wounds I mean people who
do understand the market people like
Steve minuchin who is Larry Kudlow are
against these tariffs and I hope Larry
gets better soon people who for some
reason should understand but don't and
are more sycophantic like Wilbur Ross
and Robert light Hauser and Peter
Navarro are pushing these things we are
picking fights with our allies we are
picking fights with people who are
investing in this country look at the
Germans they have built a huge BMW plant
in South Carolina perhaps the biggest
car plant they have in the world
mercedes-benz and Volkswagen have also
built car plants in the south and what
are we doing we're picking fights with
them we're picking fights with China why
are we doing this okay to that point
right there auto nation CEO Mike Jackson
says automotive tariffs will make steel
tariffs look like a company picnic we
know President Trump doesn't have an
understanding of how trade works but if
I'm Lindsey Graham if I'm in the state
of South Carolina how do I manage this
you have to come out and use your voice
your voice is one of a hundred senators
is one of the two senators for the state
of South Carolina
and object to what he is doing what they
don't have the guts okay but let's say
China comes in next week and president
Trump again who doesn't understand how a
trade deficit works he obsesses over
let's get that trade deficit number down
President Trump it's not just the
Chinese government it's the US consumer
who wants to buy all that stuff but
let's say smoke and mirrors prevails and
China shows up and says here's a way to
lower the the trade deficit Trump will
then say to his audience look I got that
down and the stock market is doing so
well and we've got more people having
jobs than ever that's a winning headline
for him well he is a master at creating
winning headlines for himself he is also
a victim of people in the media who are
properly pointing out where he is wrong
but it does not have some doesn't seem
to have an effect with his face the
truth is he also promised us Stephanie
he was going to eliminate the national
debt now it is 21 trillion and climbing
and he doesn't seem cared about that
doesn't talk about that anymore
he doesn't talk about the annual deficit
if you go into his business history he's
the master of yes he was I think there
was a covered story about him being the
king of debt he racks up debt that's his
jam of course like any defaults on it
he's defaulted between four and six
times and creditors have lost billions
of dollars and we maybe as a nation
about to go into some sort of a
bankruptcy spiral just imagine if we go
full circle President Trump was not a
client of any US banks because he racked
up debt and did not pay imagine if we
come full circle and we rack up our
deficit and at the same time while the
robert muller investigation goes on we
find out that President Trump who
doesn't borrow from US banks borrows
from Russians well that will be the
death knell and don't forget our who's
our largest creditor China and who are
we picking a trade fight with China why
are we doing this you know we can never
forget that China take a look at how
much US government debt China owns
it's a holding gang lock hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
