who could replace Justice Kennedy here
the president I asked him about this in
the Oval Office yesterday he pointed to
this list of 25 names our reporting has
narrowed it down to a short list and I
want to show you some of these names
including Brett Kavanaugh of Maryland
Thomas Hardiman of Pennsylvania Amy
Coney Barrett Raymond Catholic who who
on these names stands out or what do you
make of that list at this point a
frontrunner based on our reporting well
one thing you have to give the White
House credit for it is creating a list
of extremely able and extremely
conservative candidates all of whom are
highly qualified and all of whom would
move the court in a conservative
direction there are differences among
the Conservatives judge Hardiman who is
the runner-up for the seat for Neal
Gorsuch has a background he went to
Georgetown he drove a cab he has that he
seems to empathize with working folks
Brett Kavanaugh who some say is a
leading candidate right now as a former
law clerk for Justice Kennedy and some
people think he was added to the list a
few months ago to help persuade Kennedy
to retire extremely able very bright but
has written a bunch of very conservative
opinions on the DC Circuit questioning
the court's decision not to hear an
assault weapons ban involving immigrants
immigrants rights and defendants rights
and so forth so all are very
conservative the real question is how
will they move the court some of them
are more Pro defendant than others and
some are more Pro X acute ofthe an
others so it'll be really important once
the pick comes down to figure out
whether this is a conservative than the
model of Justice Scalia who is more Pro
executive power or more like justice
Gorsuch who is more in favor of states
rights but the bottom line is since all
of them are so well qualified it's going
to be hard for Democrats to say they
don't you know deserve a seat on those
grounds it'll have to be a curly
political fight thank you for checking
out our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
