joining us now from Capitol Hill a
member of the Judiciary Committee
Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal of
Connecticut also with us former
assistant United States Attorney in the
Southern District of New York Mimi Roca
she's a distinguished fellow in criminal
justice at pace school of law and an
MSNBC legal analyst and senator
Blumenthal you you called the Kennedy
announcement earth-shaking and
gut-wrenching moving forward though
what's the game plan for Democrats
what's the plan and what's the top of
your list of concerns the American
people should have a voice this
confirmation vote should take place
after the election when new Congress has
ceded a decision of this historic
magnitude requires a lot of deliberate
consideration that requires more than a
few months we have before this election
and the Republicans are here to their
own rule the McConnell rule that these
kinds of votes should not take place in
an election year so we're gonna take
this case to the American people and I
might just say Mika you know I was a law
clerk to justice Blackmun on the United
States Supreme Court I've argued cases
before the court four of them I have
deep respect for the United States
Supreme Court I have never seen it so
polarized and politicized and I've never
seen in this country such an all-out
assault on the rule of law the Supreme
Court is going to be a bulwark as the
Free Press has been in protecting our
fundamental rights and liberties not
just roe v-- wade but also gay rights
and workers rights civil rights like
affirmative action all kinds of rights
that we now take for granted that's the
case we're gonna make to the American
people and to our Republican colleagues
we only need one vote it's a razor-thin
majority that they have Steve brandner
working at recognizing everything that
you said and agreeing with it frankly I
still have trouble understanding or
seeing exactly what the Democrats path
is the success on this
they've eliminated as you well know the
cloture vote on even now Supreme Court
nominees that's how corsets got
confirmed it just it's hard for me to
see as a practical matter put aside
appealing to the country and making the
moral case but when you get down to
parliamentary tactics it's very hard for
me to see what cards the Democrats
actually hold we're gonna use every tool
available in terms of parliamentary
rules but you're right that this
Republican leadership has demonstrated
nothing but contempt for the normal
rules they broke and remade the rules
for Neil Gorsuch eliminating the 60-vote
threshold and they may well change the
other rules that require for example
judiciary committee approval for a
nominee but keep in mind we still have
the American people potentially on our
side if President Trump chooses from
that list of right-wing fringe
ideologues who are committed to overturn
roe v wade that's the reason they are on
that list that's the reason that he has
given in his own words and I think the
American people will be repulsed and all
we need is one of our Republican
colleagues whether it's Jeff Flake or
Susan Collins or Lisa Murkowski to say
enough is enough the Supreme Court is
really too sacrosanct
all right Jon Meacham senator D believe
that Chief Justice Roberts Justice
Thomas Justice Alito justice courts of
course its are dangerous for the country
they are potentially dangerous if they
allow Donald Trump to fulfill his
potentially tyrannical and overreaching
abuse of power and invasion of our
fundamental rights if they refuse to
make the court that bulwark for our
liberties that check on the executive
branch that it must be now more than
ever they will be irresponsible and
reprehensible in abandoning that role
they have under our Constitution and do
you think sorry other decisions was
travel ban indecision what are the
points at which you can point and say
Justice Kennedy was the Catcher in the
Rye he was the person standing between
us and and Kaos clearly not on the
travel ban decision because he sided
with the majority as he did on a number
of other decisions like citizens united
or Gore V Bush he was far from a
progressive justice but he was
open-minded and fair and I can tell you
having argued cases in the court and
other lower courts that's what the
American people deserve someone in the
Kennedy mould who will approach case by
listening to his colleagues and to the
American people all right Noah so me me
I have a tweet from you here that is
very important because it's an issue
that goes to the heart of what the
argument is going to be and we should
litigate it you say in the affirmative
responding to a tweet by politico's dan
diamond Merrick garland was nominated on
March 16 2016
237 days before the year's election
McConnell said that it was too close to
election day for Obama to pick and
voters should decide that was not
exactly what mitch mcconnell's argument
was it was that Barack Obama was a
lame-duck president and therefore the
voters should decide who gets this
nomination who the next president is
going to be that was the precedent they
established whether they'll come to
regret it or not remains to be seen but
Democrats are now attempting to
establish a new precedent which is
essentially what Dan Dimon says here
that proximity to an election day any
election day essentially whenever one
third of the Senate is up which is every
two years is going to be the noose the
new established precedent for Democrats
can you foresee a condition in which
Democrats may come to resent the
precedent they are seeking to establish
here well yes that could happen I
understand and but we're in a different
world now and you know we've got to deal
with the circumstances we have and
McConnell did you know you can read his
precedent narrowly or you can read it
broadly and the narrow way to read it is
only in a presidential election the
broad way to read it is when we're this
close to something an election any
election that's going to be so
determinative
how the country what path were on in
this country which this congressional
election clearly is as much as almost
any presidential election I would say
then we should wait so it's hard to know
obviously you can't predict two years
from now and and will this come back to
haunt the Democrats but I think we're in
this situation now we've got to deal
with this now how often does the Supreme
Court
you know nominee come up so I think but
one question that I would have actually
for the senator if he's still available
is whether a nominee should be asked if
they would agree to recuse themselves
from any decisions that come before the
court coming out of the Moller
investigation for example if the
president you know needs to be
subpoenaed or something like that I
don't think the justices would be just a
nominee be required to recuse themselves
but I'm wondering whether you plan to
ask them if they would agree to that
that's a great question and I've
actually thought about it yes I will ask
that question
it is a supremely important question you
know the justices in the Nixon tapes
case a number of them had been appointed
by President Nixon but they were
appointed before there was an
investigation of the kind that produced
that litigation here we know a subpoena
case is very likely involving Donald
Trump to go to the United States Supreme
Court and I will ask a nominee to commit
him or herself that they will recuse
themselves from sitting on that decision
okay Senator Richard Blumenthal thank
you very much Mimi Erika thank you as
well coming up we'll be joined by two
congressmen from different sides of the
aisle who are both calling for
immigration reform after visiting the
border over the weekend morning Joe
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
