so Kennedy of course was a deciding
swing vote on the court when he voted
with the four conservative justices the
court upheld the Trump travel ban gutted
the Voting Rights Act and allowed
corporate money in politics when he
voted with the four liberals the court
cut back on the death penalty declared
that detainees at Guantanamo Bay have
legal rights and limited state
crackdowns on immigrants also his 2015
decisions striking down state bans
against same-sex marriage so Tom what
are the areas that we we should expect
to see the biggest shift I read there
were fifty fifty one decisions where
Kennedy went with a liberal majority
while you had the Chief Justice writing
a dissent talked about those cases also
tell me is it just my imagination or
over the past three terms has Anthony
Kennedy not become a more reliably
conservative vote so you know Morning
Joe on the Supreme Court is where all
hope goes to die when it comes to the
future of the Supreme Court the big
issues that Americans care about things
like abortion Justice Kennedy being the
fifth vote uphold the core of Roe vs.
Wade
affirmative action is probably on the
chopping block right now we have
pardon me areas of campaign finance law
where the conservatives could go still
further in limiting eliminating
restrictions on contributions Justice
Kennedy being a critical vote when it
comes to same-sex marriage for example
so even though this term he voted in 14
different cases with the Conservatives
to provide a fifth vote and zero cases
with the Liberals he's still over the
course of years was essential on a
number of these issues
and you could really expect all of those
to head in the opposite direction Steve
Rattner so Thomas T burgers so on issues
like same-sex marriage and roe v wade
which have become so kind of
institutionalized in the fabric of our
society at this point do you really
imagine that even if Trump picks what
least some of us fear he might do that
it would literally overturn roe v-- wade
or overturn same-sex marriage or do you
think it's more at chipping away
at the rights that women got and gays
got under those decisions well when it
comes to gay rights I would say same-sex
marriage is probably institutionalized
in the country but you have a lot of
outstanding issues like employment
discrimination and there are
conservative majority probably would
head back in the opposite direction of
expanding rights for gay Americans or
same-sex couples when it comes to
abortion I think that judicial
conservatives have been relatively savvy
at saying we don't necessarily need to
see Roe vs. Wade
overruled which might cause a big
reaction in the country but they can
still cut it back a lot and send a
signal to the states that they can adopt
longer waiting periods more restrictions
on the kind of facilities that can offer
abortion services and that sort of thing
so it's a practical matter I would say
the abortion right is going to get
narrowed probably a lot Tom let's talk
about the Chief Justice John Roberts who
of course shocked a lot of people when
he when he sided with the White House on
the Affordable Care Act on Obamacare he
did so I think most observers believe
because he believed in this institution
he saw himself not only as a
conservative jurist but also is the
protector of institutions I'm like
justice Thomas the belief said you look
at every case anew you have John Roberts
looking at the institution
do you suspect that we will see a
different Justice Roberts not a more
liberal Justice Roberts not even a more
moderate Justice Roberts but a Justice
Roberts that will slow the court down if
for some reason he's staring in a 5-4
decision that would overturn roe v wade
yeah I would think when it comes to
something as significant as Roe he is as
exactly as you described kind of it's an
institutionalist on the other hand there
are a lot of things that remain on the
agenda of judicial conservatives that he
is willing to take significant steps on
so yesterday we got the Union fees
decision in which he was a part of a
five-member majority over sent
overturning a decades-long precedent
that said public employee unions could
collect fees from non-members to engage
in collective bargaining on their behalf
and that's one of you know a dozen that
Burias of the law where the Chief
Justice is part of this movement he
a Reagan administration grew up in that
context really is a believer that the
court has been too far to the left and
so he still has a way to take the court
I think Heidi let's talk about whoever
Donald Trump nominates obviously Roe is
going to be at the center of this
because you can go back 30 40 years and
it was either Sandra Day O'Connor or
Justice Kennedy that was continuing to
protect Roe as a legal precedent I'm
wondering what have you heard what do
you expect from Lisa Murkowski from
Susan Collins from any other Republicans
that may hold up a nomination that could
overturn Roe and then what do we expect
from Joe Manchin on the other side and
Heidi Heitkamp and Senator Donnelly from
Indiana are they going to because they
want to get reelected are they going to
blindly follow wherever Trump's nominee
takes them well that is where all of the
focus is going to be Joe you look at the
Democratic messaging that came out last
night they very clear the two things
that they're going to focus on with any
nominee are the two things that Trump
quite frankly said would be litmus test
which are the overturning of Roe and
also the ACA he's actually said that he
would choose he said that in the past
that he would choose justices who
support these things so in the
confirmation hearings they will nail
whoever the the nominee is on these
points now the two women Republicans yes
there's gonna be a lot of focus on them
a lot of focus on the the Democrats but
I think Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins
are going to come under so much pressure
by women's health advocates and they
have shown in the past now I know you
know John McCain got all of the
attention for torpedoing the repeal of
the skinny skinny repeal Obamacare
repeal but who else voted against it
Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins and
they did it in part
concern about women's health issues so
though there will be a lot of attention
paid to those two once we know who the
nominee is and then secondly even before
that I think we're going to look at
Heitkamp Donnelly and Manchin to see if
there are any early cracks just last
night you could see how Trump is
starting to gin this up going out to
North Dakota and hitting Heidi Heitkamp
and saying she won't vote for whoever I
nominate even though she actually voted
for Gorsuch yeah Heidi Heitkamp voted
for corsets Noah but boy what a tough
decision for her for Manchin and also
for Donnelly as they're staring at an
election
I know Democrats will try to push push
the the vote beyond November lot's of
luck with that yeah yeah I mean we risk
looking at the court as though it was an
extension of Congress and it was just a
political institution and it's not
necessarily I mean we're talking about
the extent to which the next nominee is
going to be a doctrinaire Republican
down the line pushing Donald Trump's
agenda and just from this term we had a
Justice Gorsuch reaching across the
aisle joining the for-loop battle just
by the way by the way I grew up with
Republicans picking so-called
conservatives and then seeing those
so-called conservatives turning into
moderates or justice Souter I mean if
they always we never figured out growing
up Jon Meacham why justices would always
grow left but never grow right but they
always would grow but they would always
become more moderate or liberal that was
to combine what Nick Nixon and 41 it was
left-wing mission creep left we exactly
I mean just as corsets joined the the
liberals on the court right in a
deportation case for example turning
against Donald Trump this term you noted
that the Chief Justice essentially
rewrote the statute from the bench in
order to preserve the ACA and then we
had this cake-baking case a very
prominent case for liberals a values
case that was a 72 decision because it
was narrowly defined and there was some
extrinsic play there that had nothing to
do with politics that led to a very
consensus decision on the extent to
which this individual's religious
freedom had been by
there are sometimes religious principles
that I think supersede political
impulses and we so we're essentially now
prejudging a confirmation case from a
nominee who has not been named free
judging arguments that have not been
made right I think we're probably
getting ahead of the issue and the
extent to which by the way one of these
individuals Judging Amy Barrett became a
household name among social
conservatives when she was interrogated
by a Dianne Feinstein and was told the
dogma lives within regarding abortion
that the extent to which she was a
Catholic might have been a problem for
her from from the bench and she has
brought her Catholicism into certain
discussions about the death penalty -
but the extent to which we litigate
these litmus tests at the same time we
know we knew the type of justices Barack
Obama was going to select and we know
that Donald Trump is going to federalist
society to find nominees they're not
going to give us you know they they're
not going to give us the successor to
Ruth Bader Ginsburg most likely not they
might also give you a candidate and what
Trump did was someone Orthodox but savvy
during the campaign was put out that
list ahead of time you know to sort of
even as mentioned it yesterday we did
the White House suggesting that this
would sort of offset concerns that he's
an unconventional candidate an orthodox
politician what he takes what he picks
them through wacky justice and instead
he put out this list that said these are
these are conservatives these are people
that you that people you Republicans can
support and it may be a question for Tom
Tom do people have this well he
suggested yesterday there are 25 names
on this list is there any suggestion
that he would go off that list for this
next pick or are there any names on this
list that you think would find
particular resistance in the Senate no I
think that the list is kind of framework
within which he's going to operate but
in reality they're already down to about
four or five different names that
they've already begun to focus on both
with respect to Leonard Leo who's coming
into the White House Don began who's the
White House Counsel so I don't think
they're gonna have to go through that
entire list of 25 and they've got no
need to go anywhere else all right Tom
goldstein thank you so much for coming
in this morning thank you John
head on Morning Joe more on the Supreme
Court battle with two members of the
Judiciary Committee senators dick Durbin
and Richard Blumenthal plus president
Trump urged Republicans in all caps that
pass immigration require yes very
look at that mica the hours later it
failed overwhelmingly thanks to the
president's own party I don't know
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back okay we're an all count I
know thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
