welcome back everyone joining us now
from Washington DC with a look at ax es
am editor-in-chief for Axios Nicholas
Johnson Nicholas great to have you with
us but before we even get to the one big
thing we got to congratulate you guys
over at Axios for being named the best
digital news star Wow
at the 2018 North American digital TV
Awards I think thank you we'd like to
feel that we had a part in that getting
the word out so tell us what is the one
big thing for this morning over taxes
that's right the one big thing today is
president Trump tightening his hold over
all of government we already knew he was
a one-man west wing didn't listen to his
aides couldn't be reined in and didn't
take advice from outside experts very
often remember Republicans control both
the House and the Senate they have not
been a check on his power and now with
Justice Kennedy's retirement Trump has
an opportunity to reshape the court
removing one more check on his power on
the judicial branch we talked to one
Republican who likened Trump's power now
to what President George W Bush had
shortly after 9/11 to remember that when
all the government was united behind him
one Republican told us that the reason
to be able to pull this off
be that he's successfully United
economic conservatives national security
conservatives and social conservatives
into a very powerful block one caveat on
all that got to remember among all
voters Jim still has a majority negative
approval rating so something to consider
ahead of the midterms absolutely so Nick
take us inside trump's thinking here as
he and the administration are compiling
a short list for a Supreme Court
nominees right the Supreme Court wasn't
really something Donald Trump thought
about a lot but he knew his supporters
were super interested in some of the
social issues he worked at it considered
and so remember during the campaign he
announces shortlist for Supreme Court
justices to fill the Scalia vacancy he
thought that was a political
masterstroke that got all of his
conservative backers very riled up he
added to that again in November one
thing we have on Axios this morning is a
chart listing how conservative that list
is far more conservative than Justice
Kennedy who is replacing just Trump is
very much going to be conservative
allies like the like Ralph Reed like the
federal society which vets a lot of
these conservative judges at the lower
positions and he's building a list based
off that one of the things to note
different also from the politics is the
ages Trump is very interested in
appointing Young Justice someone who
could serve on
court for 30 maybe even 40 years all the
ones at the top of the list are in their
late 40s or early 50s so I got to ask
you about the courts composition for a
moment cuz I know that Isis has reported
that Trump doesn't think that this will
actually be his last go to speak in his
first time does this put a lot of
pressure as well on somebody like Ruth
Bader Ginsburg Justice Ruth Bader
Ginsburg who is now 85 years old stake
around the potential 2020 presidential
run that's exactly right
Trump tells his friends that he thinks
he might get four justices on the
Supreme Court so after this next one
he'll only be halfway there and remember
just like you said the next two oldest
justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg over 80
Stephen Breyer who is 79 if Donald Trump
has a second term he certainly would
have an opportunity to possibly to
replace both of them what's the long
game here for the Democrats because
things aren't necessarily looking good
for them at this moment that's a great
question I think it's a lot to fire up
the base try and delay the possible vote
as much as possible Mitch McConnell says
he wants it to happen before the tort
Court comes in in October can you
pressure Susan Collins Lisa Murkowski
pro-choice Republican senators to
possibly vote against a hard-line
conservative justice and can you fire up
the base and try and win seats in the
Senate and push this off to give
Democrats more power is this gonna be an
issue you think come the midterms if in
fact there isn't a judicial nominee in
place and whether or not the nominee as
it stands now Mitch McConnell changing
that number to 54 to get yeah you know
the last justice approved that's right
no this will be a transcendent issue in
the midterms like the best tweets about
this one stepping down you're saying
with that this is seismic there's
nothing bigger than a Supreme Court
justice nomination I think nothing's
bigger particularly this political
climate looked at me a huge issue if
it's not done by the midterms it'll
factor in if it is done it'll be a huge
motivating factor to get people to the
polls what do you predict here do you
see this getting done by the midterms
have a good prediction on this one
Mitch McConnell seems to have the votes
so I think they might be able to get
this done before the court starts up in
October all right Nicholas Johnson live
and DC thank you very much of course
we're gonna be reading access em in just
a bit in to all of our viewers out there
don't forget you too can sign up for the
newsletter by going to sign up Axios com
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
