and thanks you at home for joining us
this hour all right he was the tallest
ever member of the United States Senate
six feet nine inches tall his nickname
was big Luther
which is not a particularly an original
nickname when you are six foot nine and
your name is Luther what else are they
gonna call you tiny
he played varsity basketball Tulane back
in his college days back in the day of
short basketball shorts he eventually
ended up as Attorney General of the
great state of Alabama when the
Republican governor of Alabama found
himself involved in a particularly
visceral sex scandal this is the
governor there were tapes there were
actual publicly released audio
recordings of the governor canoodling
with his mistress and talking to her
quite bluntly about all the different
ways he would like to canoodle with her
alongside the almost unbelievable sex
scandal part of it there were also some
serious allegations of misuse of public
funds that went along with that sex
scandal but that's that scandal
involving the Alabama governor it
ultimately led to an impeachment
investigation he was a Republican
governor it was a Republican run
legislature but this was a serious thing
and they started an impeachment
investigation against him until big
Luther State Attorney General intervene
to stop it he came to the legislature
and he told them they should hold off on
that impeachment investigation because
this was a law enforcement matter
first and foremost and is the senior law
enforcement official in attorney in
Alabama he in the attorney general's
office would be handling that so they
shouldn't let their little legislative
inquiry get in the way of the real
investigation in the Speaker of the
House in Alabama and the chair of the
Judiciary Committee in Alabama they said
okay they stood down they said we'll
wait to hear from the AG's office and
how they're gonna handle it we will put
impeachment proceedings against the
governor on hold now meanwhile the
United States of America had a
presidential election with these
surprising results that Donald Trump was
elected president one knock on effect of
Trump being elected president was the
perhaps even more shocking result
that Jefferson Beauregard sessions the
third once rejected from consideration
to be a federal judge because he was
seen as too racially biased for Alabama
and that was by a republican-controlled
congressional committee Senator Jeff
Sessions of all people upon the election
of Donald Trump would ascend to become
Attorney General of the United States
right perhaps even more shocking than
Donald Trump becoming president right to
see Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch
succeeded by Jeff Sessions in the
attorney general's office that hit much
of America like a two-by-four upside the
head but in Alabama Jeff Sessions
becoming Attorney General of the United
States also had the very practical
consequence of opening up Jeff Sessions
his US Senate seat
whereupon the Governor of Alabama in the
midst of his horrific sex scandal and
this bipartisan aggressive impeachment
proceedings against him
in the legislature that only been halted
by the intervention of his attorney
general that scandal-ridden barely
holding on Alabama governor looked
around in that moment frankly he looked
up in that moment and decided that of
all the good people in the great state
of Alabama the one who should get named
to that now newly vacant US Senate seat
was big Luther the Attorney General who
had taken over the investigation into
the governor sex scandal and thereby
stopped him from being impeached there
didn't have to be an election the
governor just got to pick whoever he
wanted to fill Jeff Sessions his Senate
seat he picked big Luther the day big
Luther was sworn in Luther Strange
announced that actually his office had
never really had the governor under
investigation in the sex scandal at all
he didn't know why anybody had had that
impression and that's how big Luther
Strange got to the United States Senate
that's how they do things in Alabama
Republican politics but when something
like that is the origin story for how
somebody becomes a u.s. senator it is
almost inevitable that that story will
end as badly as it began right
and indeed Luther Strange still holds
the record for being the tallest ever
person in the US Senate
but he's already gone from the Senate
and the governor is no longer governor
either this is the governor's smiling
creepy mug shot these are the charges
that were brought against him as Luther
Strange's door prize for his cameo role
in the sex scandal that did bring down
the Alabama governor Mr strange got to
hold on to that US Senate seat for a few
months even after the Alabama governor
who named him to that seat was forced
out of office but ultimately the people
of Alabama got a say in the matter
themselves Alabama Republicans held a
primary last summer and then a runoff
last fall in both of those elections
this incumbent senator Luther Strange
who was appointed by the disgraced
governor he got beat both times by a
disgraced State Supreme Court justice
who had twice been thrown off the court
for violations of judicial ethics big
Luther strange was initially the senator
who filled jeff sessions a--'s Senate
seat from Alabama but he didn't even
make it a year he was out by December
after just ten scandalous strange months
in office that Republican candidate who
beat him in the primary back home he
ended up facing multiple substantive
allegations of child molestation in
addition to his other pre-existing
ethics troubles when it came time in
December for not just Republicans but
the whole state of Alabama to vote for a
new full term US Senator ultimately in
that special election in December
Alabama
decided they were going to pick a
Democrat thanks to big Luther strange
and his weird fake pledge that he was
investigating the sex scandal governor
thanks to the sex scandal governor
himself thanks to Roy freakin Moore and
all those women who came forward to say
hey I'm an Alabama Republican too but
you need to know about this guy and his
thing with little teen girls thanks to
all that sorted almost not-safe-for-work
toxic slurry of these Alabama Republican
men and thanks to Democrats deciding
last year to say yeah we know it's
Alabama but in circumstances like this
we think we might be able to compete
there too thanks to all of those
unlikely little stars aligning Jeff
Sessions as Alabama US Senate seat is
now
by Democrat his name is Doug Jones and
with Senator Doug Jones of Alabama in
that seat the balance of power in the
United States Senate is now that
Republicans have 51 seats but Democrats
have 49 now with a Republican president
in office even with this particular
Republican president in office a
reasonable observer might reasonably
have predicted that Justice Anthony
Kennedy would choose this time to retire
we're gonna talk a little bit later on
this hour about some of the reasons
people expected he might not retire some
of the stuff about president Trump you
might think would have given Justice
Kennedy pause when he was thinking about
who he would trust to choose his
successor but Justice Kennedy is a
Republican Donald Trump is a Republican
that is apparently all the math you need
to understand and predict Republican
behavior in this era of American
politics so Anthony Kennedy retiring has
been at least plausibly predictable ever
since the Republicans won the White
House in November 2016 under no
circumstances though could anybody have
plausibly predicted on election day in
November 2016 that Jeff Sessions is
Alabama Senate seat would be held by a
freaking Democrat all right I mean
presumably stranger things have happened
but it took a lot of almost unbelievably
strange things to all happen all at once
in order to get a democratic u.s.
senator from Alabama in 2017 and now
2018 and because of that I mean I know
there is a lot of gnashing of teeth and
anxiety among Democrats and among
centrist today saying oh god all that's
lost today with the Anthony Kennedy
retirement from the Supreme Court but if
you don't look at this in the in the
abstract if you look at this in the
specific and we're actually on day one
of what's going to turn out to be a
super fascinating fight and I mean
fascinating in the sense that this is
about to be suspenseful this is about to
be really hard fought this is about to
be exciting and the way things are
exciting when they are both important
and you legitimately don't know how
they're going to turn out and this one
has the additional excitement behind it
because this one might turn out
in a way that has something to do with
how hard you work on it and there aren't
that many American political problems
that happen in the short term that are
very specific that have a very clear
outcome and you might be involved but
this is one of them
the reason Anthony Kennedy's retirement
felt like such an earthquake today the
reason a lot of observers are saying
this is the biggest political earthquake
since the election of Trump and the
subsequent revelation that a foreign
adversary had a role in helping elect
Trump the reason Kennedy leaving the
court today is being seen as a
once-in-a-lifetime show-stopping
political moment particularly for
Democrats it's not necessarily because
of anything about Anthony Kennedy it's
because of this conservative Justice
Antonin Scalia died February 2016
President Obama prik picked a a centrist
nominee to succeed him Merrick garland
was described by by everybody as a
centrist and a moderate he was even
described by senator Orrin Hatch
Republican of Utah as the kind of person
who would be seen as a consensus nominee
a hundred vote nominees somebody who
even Republicans could not have any
conceivable objection to but even though
the nominee was Merrick garland
Republicans nevertheless decided to do
something completely without precedent
they decided that they would hold
Scalia's seat open for well over a year
they refused to meet with the nominee
they refused to hold a hearing refused
to hold a vote they refused to even
consider or discuss any nomination even
Merrick Garland's nomination
specifically because they said President
Obama should not be allowed to name a
justice to the court no nominee no
matter who it was not while President
Obama was still in office have to wait
till after the election new rule now had
that not happened had Merrick garland
been appointed to fill that open seat on
the court after Scalia died in February
of 2016 yes today would still be an
important day on the court with Anthony
Kennedy retiring but it would not be
anywhere near the radically
consequential crossroads that it is for
the court and the country today the
weight of this moment a consequence of
this moment is all because of what
Republicans did when they blocked
President Obama from getting to name the
last justice what Republicans did with
Merrick garland is something that has
never been done
for and they did it without any
hesitancy without any shame they just
declared new rule this president isn't
gonna get to name a new justice nope no
nominees consider till after the
election new rule that is how we got to
this moment that's why today is so
important and now as of today Democrats
have a decision to make and Republicans
do to everybody in this country who has
a senator has a decision to make on this
- and it's very simple actually
Democrats presumably are not in this
circumstance the doormats that
Republicans want them to be right
Democrats know what happened to them
with Merrick garland see right Democrats
know what happened to President Obama
having lost a democratically appointed
Supreme Court nominee simply on the
basis of Republicans punching them in
the teeth holding them down and taking
it by force presumably Democrats have
realized they should not ratify that by
just going back to regular order now and
letting Republicans have this next one -
thank you sir may I have another I mean
if the purported justification for
blocking President Obama from naming a
nominee to the court was that it was
February of an election year in 2016
when the last vacancy came up well hello
it's June of an election year this year
when this vacancy has come up why would
you not make Republicans hue to the same
standard
I mean Democrats are either doormats or
they will insist
at least on consistency they will insist
that the kennedy vacancy must be treated
the same as the Scalia vacancy right and
I know it sounds blunt when I put it
that way but the Democrats are already
there our Republican colleagues in the
Senate should follow the rule they set
in 2016 not to consider a Supreme Court
justice in an election year
Senator McConnell would tell anyone who
listened that the Senate had the right
to advise and consent and that was every
bit as important as the president's
right to nominate millions of people are
just months away from determining the
senators who should vote to confirm
reject the president's nominee and their
voices deserve to be heard now as leader
McConnell thought they should deserve to
be heard then Senator Schumer talked
Democrat in the Senate that was him on
the floor of the Senate today responding
to the Anthony Kennedy resignation no
vote on a successor to Kennedy until
after the election same rules should
apply now is applied when the Scalia
seat came up in 2016 and Republicans
wouldn't hold hearings then until after
the election that year same rule should
apply Senator Dianne Feinstein is the
top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee
which is the committee event here's
Supreme Court nominations today she said
the same thing she said quote we're now
four months away from an election to
determine the party that will control
the Senate there should be no
consideration of a Supreme Court nominee
until the American people have a chance
to weigh in
leader McConnell set that standard in
2016 when he denied judge Merrick
garland a hearing for nearly a year the
Senate should follow the McConnell
standard senator Elizabeth Warren of
Massachusetts considered by many to be a
likely Democratic presidential contender
in 2020 she says quote Mitch McConnell
should follow the Mitch McConnell rule
let the American people have a say dick
Durbin number two Democrat in the Senate
makes the same case today says quote
Senator McConnell set the new standard
by giving the American people their say
in the upcoming election before court
vacancies are filled with so much at
stake for the people of our country the
US Senate
must be consistent and consider the
president's nominee once the new
Congress is seated in January Senator
Kamala Harris also on the Judiciary
Committee also seen as a rising star in
the Democratic Party with a growing
national profile she makes the same case
quote the American people who are set to
vote in less than four months deserve to
have their voice heard we should not
vote on confirmation until they have
voted at the ballot box all saying the
same thing and then there was this from
Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut one
of the brightest lights in the
Democratic caucus he was right out of
the gate with a statement calling this a
quote red alert moment for the American
people he then explained what he meant
to reporters she's absolutely hypocrisy
for the Majority Leader to move forward
on a vote now when he wasn't willing to
vote for
go ahead of the 2016 election what do
you think Democrats we hold we hold
Mitch McConnell to the precedent that he
set in 2016 it's not a precedent I agree
with or agreed with but we should expect
that he be consistent if you wanted the
voters to weigh in on the Supreme Court
in 2016 you should allow the voters to
weigh in 2018 senator Murphy will be
joining us here live in just just a
moment but that is that's what the
Democrats are saying right you wouldn't
consider President Obama's nominee until
after the election in 2016 then your
nominee will not be considered until
after the election in 2018
which incidentally will give Democrats a
chance to try to win control of the
Senate in 2018 which would give them the
right to say yes or no to the nominee
now I know what you're thinking Oh
Democrats right up on your hind legs
nice but it but impotent right what can
you actually do you're in the minority
all right two things to keep in mind
here number one is big Luther who is not
there anymore
the junior US Senate seat from Alabama
was held by big Luther strange
Republican last year when the Senate
confirmed the last Supreme Court justice
Neil Garr such big Luther strange is
gone now he has been replaced by a
Democrat Doug Jones and so the Democrats
have 49 seats with Senator John McCain
out in home in Arizona for health
reasons what that means is if Democrats
hold together in one big we're not
doormats caucus the only thing they need
to block president Trump from installing
his chosen nominee on the Supreme Court
is precisely one Republican vote that's
one thing to know here the number one
here's the other one this last election
the presidential election of 2016
divided lots of expectations broke lots
of political norms throughout a lot of
what we thought were political rules and
although it didn't necessarily get a lot
of attention at the time one of the
rules that was abandoned and broken and
left behind in the 2016 election was the
no litmus test rule for decades
presidential candidates and presidents
have insisted they have no litmus test
for Supreme Court nominee
there's no one single issue on which a
nominees position is a definite
deal-breaker as to whether or not
they're going to get appointed to the
court for decades there's been this game
every four years right madam candidate
will you appoint justices who pledged to
rule that the death penalty is
unconstitutional and that candidate
comes back and says come come now I have
no litmus test for any judicial nominee
and any issue you know mr. candidate
will you appoint judges who will pledge
to overturn Roe versus Wade to make
abortion illegal and then the candidate
faithfully says even when you know what
the answer is they always faithfully say
oh come on now you know I've got no
litmus test on any one issue for any
potential judge that's been the way it's
been for decades in this past election
though in 2016 that went away on both
sides Democratic candidates Hillary
Clinton and Bernie Sanders both said
that they would only appoint nominees to
the court who would overturn Citizens
United to get dark secret and corporate
money out of politics the Republican
nominee who ended up winning the
presidency said that he would only
appoint judges who would overturn roe
versus white who would pledge to make
abortion illegal what I'm asking you sir
is do you want to see the court overturn
you just said you want to see the court
protect the Second Amendment
do you want to see the court overturn
well if we put another two or perhaps
three justices on that's really what's
going to be had that's will happen and
that'll happen automatically in my
opinion because I am putting pro-life
and justices on the court Anthony
Kennedy announced his retirement today
was the last Republican appointed
Supreme Court justice who had voted to
affirm abortion rights he didn't do so
in every instance he cast lots of
anti-abortion votes of various kinds but
when it came down to the basic question
of whether or not abortion could be made
illegal whether or not Roe versus Wade
should be overturned he was a know he
was the firewall against conservative
judges overturning Roe vs. Wade and
making abortion illegal in this country
now unlike previous elections where
presidential candidates refused to say
if they had a litmus test for a nominee
refused to say that they would get any
specific pledge on any specific issue
from anybody who they'd nominated the
Supreme Court
this last election candidate Trump
explicitly pledged and he has since
affirmed this promise that he would
appoint only Supreme Court justices who
will flip that vote which means if Trump
gets his nominee installed on the court
say goodbye to legal abortion in the
United States and a lot of other things
besides I mean Justice Kennedy was the
deciding vote seriously on the issue of
executing children which presumably
Trump Republicans will now want to try
to bring back and now Anthony Kennedy
won't be in their way
I mean Kennedy was the deciding vote on
same-sex marriage rights and all sorts
of other things but if you if you just
look at that overturn Roe vs. Wade
pledge from Donald Trump just look at
that part of it and then do that very
simple math again right bye-bye Luther
strange hello doug jones democrats are
at 49 seats they only need one
republican to peel off now no matter the
specific policy positions or the liberal
Nisour conservatism or the complicated
home state politics of any particular
Democratic senator no Democratic senator
has a reason to volunteer to be a
doormat on the issue of the Supreme
Court right Democrats as a unified bloc
every single one of them they have no
reason to go along with any meetings any
hearings any votes on the Trump Supreme
Court nominee before the election right
simply because that's the standard
Republicans insisted on for the last
Supreme Court vacancy and so Democrats
can reasonably insist no matter the rest
of their politics can and should and
sort of must reasonably insist that the
same standard will happen this time
around too right every Democratic
senator in the country is about to hear
from every single one of their
Democratic constituents every day from
now until the election until it's clear
the Democrats will all be unified on
that on that no doormat caucus point all
right if Democrats if the 49 Democrats
hold together on that plan and there's
no reason they should not thanks to
Trump's promise that his nominee will be
the deciding vote to make abortion
illegal in this country right based on
the the Doug Jones Luther strange math
what it means is that Democrats only
need precisely one Republican vote to
stop Trump's nominee from getting
through so what happens now
tear boils down to a very simple thing
is there one Republican in the US Senate
who might not want to be the deciding
vote that made abortion illegal in this
country is there one senator Susan
Collins of Maine November of last year
received the Barry Goldwater award from
the Planned Parenthood Federation of
America in partnership with its
Republican advisory board thanking her
and recognizing her for her courage and
championing reproductive health care
issues and fighting to ensure the rights
granted to women from within the
Republican caucus in the United States
Senate senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska
also a pro-choice Republican senator in
January of this year just a few months
ago senators Murkowski and Collins both
voted no on a piece of Republican
legislation that would have been an
abortion ban that would have instituted
a 20-week ban after which women
coast-to-coast wouldn't be allowed to
access abortion services both senator
Collins and Senator Murkowski have cast
plenty of anti-choice votes in their
careers of various kinds including for
anti-abortion judges but in this case
what they would be doing is providing
the deciding vote
literally and directly to overturn Roe
vs. Wade and make abortion illegal in
America it's not theoretical and it's
not complicated you only have to be able
to count to one and all that either of
them has to do to avoid casting that
deciding vote is say you know what what
was fair for the Scalia seat when that
came open is fair for the Kennedy seat
now now that that seats open to let's
just vote after the election like we did
did with a Scalia see that's all
so what happens next what happens now is
that as of today we embark as a nation
on a four month Sprint of everybody in
the country having a stake in this
all right of everyone with a Democratic
senator and everyone with the Republican
senator having a thing to focus on and a
thing to aim for if Democrats are gonna
do this every single Democrat in the
Senate will need to agree to not be a
doormat that shouldn't be that hard and
every single Republican senator
including the pro-choice ones will have
to decide if they want to go down in
history as the deciding vote to overturn
Roe vs. Wade and make abortion illegal
in the United States and I know that
seems nuts but is it more nuts than what
happened in freaking Alabama being
thinking that got Democrats to 49 seats
I mean this is America weird stuff
happens if Democrats pull this off if
they stand together they fight this for
the next four months and they win this
they will stop the Trump Supreme Court
nominee they will save among other
things legal abortion in this country at
least for the time being they will prove
themselves not to be doormats
Republicans expect them to be right and
they will give themselves a chance of
winning back control of Congress in
Washington which will give them a thumbs
up or thumbs down say and who the next
nominee is they've got four months to do
it starting today that's it simple no
muss no fuss
easy peasy right hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
