on television right now how are you
feeling can you put it into words nope
that is what shock genuine and real
honest shock looks like in the upset win
for Democratic nominee for Congress in
New York's 14th district in the Bronx
and queens Alexandria Ocasio Cortez a 28
year old former bartender community
organizer Bernie Sanders supporter
working-class New Yorker as she calls
herself and Democratic Socialist a woman
who ran one of the most Inc one of the
most incredibly impressive campaigns
honestly in recent memory to pull off
the biggest upset in congressional
politics since tea party candidate David
brat defeated Republicans House Majority
Leader Eric Cantor she defeated
Congressman Joe Crowley attend term
incumbent the number four Democrat in
the house LoCascio Cortes refused
corporate money and was outspent by
Crowley five to one in the end it wasn't
even that close she got her 57% of the
vote and if she defeats the Republican
November in her heavily Democratic
district she will become the youngest
woman ever elected to Congress a
reminder of the power of a grassroots
campaign and how much elections matter
Jamie now Democratic nominee for
Congress in New York's 14th district
Alexandria Acacio Cortes well what was
something else
it really was wasn't it so here's the
thing that I found fascinating like what
you had a game plan very early and stuck
to it it was a very strategic campaign
and I saw it unfold as I watched it
because I'm a Bronx native so I paid a
lot of attention York politics what was
what was the game plan what was your
theory of the case of white you know
from day one I have been an educator in
this community an organizer and I knew
the people who lived here I knew our
community and I knew that in this
election our main task was to educate
and expand the electorate and you know
folks here that's the hardest thing to
do to get people to turn out to an
off-year midterm primary but I knew that
if you could really inspire and educate
people and stick to the issues and do
the block by block door knocking and
phone calling that you can get it done
old school meets you know new school
digital so did you do do did you are
knocking yourself yeah absolutely I've
not done a bunch of doors in the
district I mean
one of the ironies here this is a little
bit of the weeds but I think it's
fascinating is it like New York has this
totally screwy primary system that is
designed to decrease turnout so that
machine party candidates and incumbents
can win because they figure there are
the only people were gonna show up yeah
and it literally came back to shittim
yeah well it's the thing you know there
are kind of notorious political machines
you have the Illinois at like the
Chicago political machine that Barack
Obama famously kind of you know
contended with but they are turnout
machines those are people that can know
how to turn out 40,000 people for a
given candidate you know what the snap
of a finger but New York relies on voter
suppression and voter depression as we
joke about and and what it does is you
know it means that sometimes as a
congressional race can be decided with
less votes than a City Council I mean
turnout in your district yesterday was
like 12% I think and sometimes it was
you know ten five percent in the one
uncontested one so it was twelve percent
is higher than it would have been if you
were not in that race for sure let me
ask you about this label so you call
yourself a Democratic Socialist you're a
member of DSA yeah there's so much
interesting debate about what that term
means to you to me you know and it is a
it is a I think it's a big 10th term you
know and for me what it means is that in
a modern and moral America and modern
moral and wealthy America where we have
the capacity to ensure that every
American can have health care and
education and an access to you know
dignified housing we should be able to
try to do that as a society by you know
whichever means we can that's it yes I
think I mean that's an agnostic read of
the term yeah you know yeah but I think
I at the end of the day it boils down to
the the basic elements that are required
for an economic and socially dignified
life in the United States at a very
basic means we should aim to guarantee
those things I don't think any person in
America should die because they're too
poor to live when did it come to you
when did you have the idea like I'm
gonna run for Congress like what was the
you know I was nominated to run by a
phenomenal organization called Justice
Democrats and so I am actually one of
see candidates nationwide just like me
cants it's like Ayane Presley Ammar
companies are out in California Kanye
laying in in Hawaii and so I was
actually just getting off of the camp at
Standing Rock two years ago and I
received a phone call from Justice
Democrats and they were seeking
essentially non corporate candidates
with the history of community service to
run in the 2018 midterm elections try to
get money out of politics and there you
are probably soon-to-be congresswoman
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez I hope you come
back to the show absolutely I hope to be
back hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
