Charlie to Mitch McConnell who
orchestrated the strategy of blocking
former President Barack Obama's Supreme
Court picked cold on centers to make
sure that the president's nominee is
considered fairly the Senate stands
ready to fulfill its constitutional role
by offering advice and consent on
president Trump's nominate to fill this
vacancy we will vote to confirm Justice
Kennedy's successor this fall Senator
Chuck Schumer of New York the Democratic
leader called Meccano out let's watch
that our Republican colleagues in the
Senate should follow the rule they set
in 2016 not to consider a Supreme Court
justice in an election year
Senator McConnell would tell anyone who
listened that the Senate had the right
to advise and consent and that was every
bit as important as the president's
right to nominate millions of people are
just months away from determining the
senators who should vote to confirm or
reject the president's nominee and their
voices deserve to be heard now as leader
McConnell thought they should deserve to
be heard then anything but that would be
the absolute height of hypocrisy but
with so much at stake Senator McConnell
doesn't care about right or wrong he
just cares about winning much like
President Trump for more I'm joined by
Senator Kamala Harris Democrat from
California member of the Senate
Judiciary Committee this came as a
surprise that came today but we heard
was coming will the Janice decision
coming on the heels of the Janice
decision yeah on federal plays public in
place let me ask you what's gonna look
like if he gets his pick if Trump gets
what he wants here what's the court
gonna look like the next 30 we're
looking at a destruction of the
Constitution of the United States as far
as I can tell based on all of the folks
that he's been appointing thus far for
lifetime appointments he's been pointing
at ideologues he has been pointing
people who have refused to agree that
Brown v Board of Education a settled law
he has been appointing people who
haven't even been found to be
well-qualified or even qualified by Bar
Association's
so this has got to be one of them we all
need to understand this to be one of the
most serious fights that we have yet to
have had with this president and we
cannot relent we are going to have to
fight to the to the end to make sure
that we can do anything and everything
that is possible to require this
president to choose a consensus pick
talk to Democrats the the positions
going to be filled but with the track
record that he has demonstrated so far
it does not look good and so we're gonna
have to put all the pressure that we
possibly can to make sure that the
person who fills Kennedy's seat is
someone who is a consensus pick and
who's going to respect the Constitution
of the United States and respect the
fact that our system is supposed to be
about equality for all and justice and
fairness and and not about the politics
and the political games that that so far
I see that a lot of his nominees are
prepared to play Mitch McConnell the
Republican leader said no to Barack
Obama's pick Mary card
garland feed the whole year said I'm
gonna go talk to the guy I'm not gonna
have hearings I'm gonna let my people
talk to him and he won because now you
get in your courses are you guys gonna
play hardball this time and say we're
not gonna let you pass this you're not
gonna rush this through us in a few
months I'd for election day based on
every conversation I've had with my
colleagues so far this afternoon
everybody's prepared to play hardball
and you push this off the election so
that we can take this matter to the
people we're gonna have to fight to push
it off because listen the unlike Merrick
garland where there were eight months
left in that term this is four months
were four months away from an election
we won third of the United States Senate
practically is up for election the
decision that we make is going to have
generational impact and the American
people should be able to weigh in on who
will be this in this position on the
United States Supreme Court and let's
remember Chris this is not like Gorsuch
where Gorsuch was about one conservative
replacing another conservative and we
fought on that when I voted against him
but he's there he replaced Scalia this
is about a swing vote this is a
different seat this is this is a
different seat and everything lays in
the balance in terms of how this court
could swing on everything from choice
roe v wade to what we did in terms of
same-sex mayor
into so many issues that are about
fundamental rights and about respect in
the Constitution United States so this
is not like Gorsuch no this will have
generational impact and and let's all be
clear about this the decisions made by
the United States Supreme Court make
decisions about who we are as a country
and who we can be and who will be we're
in this country had the United States
Supreme Court under the leadership of
Earl Warren a California not decided
brown v board of education I would not
be sitting here talking with you right
now let's talk about the heart we're
gonna lose here because Justice Kennedy
although he was a conservative he wasn't
concerned he was a northern California
conservative so I sort of get that in
other words that he was a bit of a
live-and-let-live guy he was a he
believed he found that in the
Constitution the way that the landmark
decision is always find in the
Constitution something really wonderful
he founded it not just just like in
Warren found the injustice of two
separate but equal is the essential
justice of it he found it at the Liberty
close he found in it the essential
constitutional protection for people to
have same-sex marriage to have not to be
stopped by an undue burden to make a
choice about reproduction he found in it
that is sensual American liberty that
we've treasure
do you count on anybody Trump picking
doing that there is a there is a way
that that can happen and that's bring a
consensus pick that's what happened with
Merrick garland a pro-choice observant
Obama consulted with Republicans this
president should consult with Democrats
and choose a consensus pick and anything
less than that would be unacceptable
entirely unacceptable and it's something
we should fight tooth and nail again the
new trick it used to be you pick a
supreme crush just unfortunate they were
all white males for years occasionally a
Jewish see so-called but they were older
been right now it's like pick somebody
as young as you can fresh out of law
school give maybe 10 50 years to show
which way they're going politically and
then jam them one that court like
Clarence you know Clarence Thomas for
4050 years so when you pick this next
person man or woman whatever they'll be
there much of this century you're
exactly right this will have
generational impact this will have
impact on issues that we decide in terms
of discrimination
who will have an equal opportunity who
will have equal rights under the
Constitution under the law this is this
is one of the most important powers that
a president has this is why the
Federalist Society for decades have been
creating this roadmap for decades to
make sure that precedent is built up
toward the United States Supreme Court
making decisions that are going to be
about choice as we go forward about
issues that relate to immigration really
issues that relate to fundamental rights
and to your point about Kennedy he
understood that on on same-sex marriage
he understood it's a fundamental right
marriage there's so many issues that
this Court decides that goes to the
heart of what we value as Americans and
and what we decide should be the
personal rights and liberties of
individuals it's this is this has
potential disastrous consequences how do
you think a right-wing if you will a
rightist judge coming in now is if
number five on the court on the
conservative side out weighing or out
counting out voting the four liberals
what would they do to roe v-- wade how
do you see it then dismembering it it
would look like so what it would look
like is this it would look like the
various states that have already been
passing legislation at a state level to
restrict a woman's access to health care
to reproductive health to abortions
affirming those rules those laws that
are passed by the states like a hospital
something like it has to be at the zone
of safety or or in terms of at what term
what a stage and the pregnancy a woman
can have an abortion or not
what parental consent whether a woman
has to if she is 17 a young woman does
she have to have parental consent before
she can have an abortion all these are
laws that are being created at the
state's right now and it would go then
to the United States Supreme Court that
would affirm those restrictions on an
ability that a woman has to have an
abortion or to have access to
reproductive health care and that could
be again disastrous because it would
essentially on
do the protections that women currently
have into roe v wade let's look at these
two contestants at the top your party
leader Chuck sure we're at smart guy
yeah he's been around a while both
houses they've got Mitch McConnell who
is a wily character you have to like him
to know what he's up to he managed to
get reelected all the time who's better
at parliamentary procedure I can who can
can your party you've enough strength to
be able to hold this boat off at least
to the voters have voted November listen
I think that Chuck is an incredible
leader and he cares deeply about this
issue I've actually talked with him
today about it he's reaching out to all
of us because he knows how critical this
is and he's gonna need all the soldiers
on the field and I believe that he is
committed to this and he is going to
fight to the end to make sure that the
right thing happens what's going on the
Democratic Party just I know you're a
progressive and you're young and you're
new in many ways you're new you know
you've had a political history of real
substance as Attorney General I saw that
election I know all elections are local
I know tipboys said all things local but
I don't think everything's local that
young woman yeah Hispanic woman was able
to knock off a name-brand product of
this country Joe Crowley what's going on
she's 28 years old she has it's what's
going on what's going on is that I'm
singing around the country there are
people who have never run for political
office a lot of them are women
yeah who are deciding that their voices
are not being heard their voices are not
present and they are getting out there
they're showing courage and
determination and they're putting
themselves out there they're running for
office and they're winning
yeah kakashi oh I think it's a great
thing well we're all going to know her
name within a week because it's a
powerhouse election I do if I were in
the leadership but I'd be thinking what
you just said people want change they
want things to move well what they want
is they want people they want leaders
who are gonna be courageous enough to
speak truth no matter how unpopular it
may feel at the moment they're gonna
want people who are elected the voters
want people to run for office and
they're gonna elect people who have the
courage to speak truth no matter how
uncomfortable it makes other people feel
because that's what we need right now
we've got a lot of people in our country
who are very distrustful of their
government it's institutions and it's
Lee
and one of the best ways that we develop
relationships of trust as we speak truth
and that's what I think we're seeing
around the country people are putting
themselves out there because they're
courageous enough to speak truth and
they're winning I hope you can stop this
nomination before the election I think
the voters should be heard from I think
it should be taken to the voters really
the 30 year decision they ought to have
some saying hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
