joining us by phone Dawei and on that
our friend Steve Schmidt Steve your
thoughts what they call I think there's
a very unfortunate area home we're
straight is an important quality in a in
a democracy particularly in a country
where the politics are closely divided
and the reality is that Donald Trump
lost the popular vote by three million
won by seventy eight thousand votes
across three states and the Republicans
control all three branches of government
the legislative and by Republican
nominees on the Supreme Court so we have
a minority that is ruling the majority
of the country who are opposed to this
president and that is extremely
unhealthy in a democracy as you know in
the White House I ran the Roberts and
Alito confirmations I'm a supportive of
President Obama and with Kagan and
certified or because I believe
presidential elections have consequences
and that president should be afforded
wide discretion with regard to their
Supreme Court nominations but Mitch
McConnell has as much as anyone done
great damage to the United States Senate
as a institution that was once known as
the world's greatest deliberative body
they stole a Supreme Court seat from the
from the Democrats
and for the fabric of our of our
democracy Democrats should dig in hard
here into everything they conceivably
could do to block this nomination any
nomination for going forward until after
we see what happens in the midterm
election
this is also an I think it's important
to point out a president who is
increasingly lawless who resorts himself
to be above the law who attacks
constantly fundamental institutions and
and pillars in the middle of a criminal
investigation that has moved closer and
closer and closer to the Oval Office so
so there's an enormous amount at stake
here and you know Democrats I think need
to need to hold the line and be very
very tough in this moment and and not
allow this to go for and lastly with bob
Corker and Jeff Flake I think it is
incredibly important for those two and
it's only those two we're down to two
possibilities there signal that if a
nominee does go forward the day one so
it will be a conservative it'll be an
institutionalist it will be somebody
with the highest priorities of probity
and rectitude who can be trusted not to
be a politician on the court but to be a
justice of the Supreme Court
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
