joining us now Democratic congressman
Eric SWA well congressman we've now
heard almost word-for-word the same
analysis from former Republican Steve
Schmidt from former Democratic
congresswoman Donna Edwards from our own
Rachel Maddow that it is time for you
guys to get mean and fight are you ready
yes Nicole and we've seen this week that
we cannot count on the court to save us
from the wrecking ball that is Donald
Trump and as far as what I can do is a
congressman electing a Democratic
majority that can push that big red
button to stop the wrecking ball that's
what we have to do but what the Senate
should do I believe Mitch McConnell
should believe in his own rules that he
set under Merrick garland and as long as
he is the leader of the Senate I don't
think they should they should work under
any other rules are you ready though to
take a sharper message to the country I
mean part of the reason that Donald
Trump defeated 16 Republicans and and
and and I guess bested Hillary Clinton
is that he doesn't play by the old rules
as Rachel Maddow articulated he's not
restrained by the truth he's not
restrained by the norms he's not
restrained by arguments rooted in fact
he plays to people's fears he makes
emotional arguments I mean are you guys
ready to may be rip up some of the rules
that have as Rachel said limited
Democrats yes Nicole Ian I know we're
ready because I've seen these candidates
I was in Dallas and Tulsa just last
weekend I'll be in Indiana Kansas and
Colorado coming up we have 60 candidates
who are under the age of 40 and what
they're talking to to the voters that
they have to appeal to is that why don't
we put on Donald Trump's desk all the
things he has said he would do that
Republicans have been unwilling to do
infrastructure background checks
prescription drug revealed taking money
out of politics
he is benefited from making imaginary
decisions every day just blaming it on
the Democrats because he knows
Republicans won't put it on his desk
it's time to see if he's ready to be
serious and if not I think he will pave
the way if he put those items on his
desk for a Democratic president who
sign those bills in 2020 let me ask you
something
my old boss John McCain called it
Straight Talk let me ask you for some
for all of the dramatic high points and
low points of the trump presidency I'd
argue there been more low points than
high points his poll numbers are pretty
steady no matter what he does whether
it's talking about grabbing women you
know where whether he's separating
infants from their mothers and fathers
at the border
his numbers don't go much higher than
they then they usually are between about
38 and 40 but they don't go much lower
than that how do you plan to break
through if none of those none of those
what would be considered sins what would
be considered disqualifying things how
do you break through on the idea that
that roe v-- wade is now potentially in
jeopardy if you haven't been able to
break through when the president's
essentially been shooting himself in his
own foot I don't think you have to reach
all the way down the rabbit hole Nicole
I think you need the voters who voted
for Barack Obama and either stayed home
in 2016 or voted for Donald Trump if you
can appeal to them and talk to making
sure that they have jobs they can count
on paychecks that grow and a health care
guarantee I think we're going to get
them back because that's what they've
always believed the Democratic Party has
stood for and by the way you have to go
to those places you have to go to
Wisconsin you have to go to the Rust
Belt you have to go to the southwest
look them in the eye tell them what you
believe in and what you're gonna fight
for and again you have to understand
that they rejected politics as usual by
electing Donald Trump they want us to
collaborate and they also want the dirty
money and the dirty maps out I've heard
this across America and our candidates
more importantly that's what they're
fighting for
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
