starting us off this hour our colleague
my friend rachel maddow
rachel you are for for me like millions
of Americans my air traffic controller
what ask you a question that you may or
may not have an answer to how do we land
this plane well if I'm the air traffic
controller I think we should close the
airspace you can count on to safely land
in this environment I don't know I mean
I think a lot of the developments the
sort of marginal developments the things
that happen on a day to day basis in the
Trump administration when we're looking
for context we're trying to keep her
eyes on the horizon we're trying to keep
things in perspective we have to ask
ourselves is this something that is a
normal conservative Republican moment or
is this something that is a trumpian
moment which is a complete departure
from politics as we know it and you know
when I'm glad you played that clip of
President Trump saying you know listen I
put out a list when I was running
because people I wasn't a politician and
people wanted to know essentially if I
was going to pick somebody completely
crazy and put them on the Supreme Court
and instead I put out this list that was
curated by Republican interest groups
and conservative interest groups and so
that's why everybody should feel
comfortable and who I'm going to pick I
mean this moment would have happened
under a normal Republican president the
fact that it has happened under Trump
puts a different cast on it I mean
Anthony Kennedy is why we got President
George W Bush and Bush v Gore Anthony
Kennedy is why we have same-sex marriage
rights in the obergefell case Anthony
Kennedy is why we don't execute children
in the Roper case Anthony Kennedy's the
reason we gutted the Voting Rights Act
he's the reason we have unlimited secret
corporate money in politics from
citizens united he's the reason we have
the Trump Muslim ban from yesterday I
mean I think a lot of particularly
Democrats and progressives and centrists
today will be focused on the fact that
Anthony Kennedy is very probably the
reason that we have abortion rights in
this country and I think within you know
I think within a year abortion will be
illegal in half of the United
States and because of this and that's
not necessarily a Trump issue that's a
Republican politics issue but that's
what this means we're told what are
Democrats to do in this moment where
they don't have control of either
chamber they don't really have any
back-channel to influence the
president's thinking and I would bet
just about anything that Donald Trump's
ignorance of American history extends to
the list of decisions you just ticked
off where anything just as Kennedy was
the deciding vote yeah I mean I think
that Democrats right now are facing a
test because Democrats have a limiter on
their behavior they're like a you know
you're driving a stocks car and it tells
you that it can go 220 miles an hour or
something but then when you're actually
driving it in real life you find that it
gets to a limiter Democrats have a
limiter that Republicans don't have in
modern politics right now and you might
disagree with me on this but I think
that Democrats are really constrained by
this idea that you should honor
precedent and they should play fair and
that you shouldn't make radical
departures from the way things have been
done in this country for generations if
not centuries and Republicans are
unconstrained by that right now and so
when Mitch McConnell and Republicans in
the Senate decided they were not going
to allow President Obama to make a
Supreme Court nomination that was a you
know Republican hardball tactic that and
almost no Republicans had any problem
with Democrats would have to play a
similar kind of hardball nail to try to
keep this seat from being there from
being a nomination and a confirmation
before there's a new Senate potentially
chosen and a new Senate Majority
potentially chosen in November Democrats
don't like to break precedent they don't
like to do radical things but the whole
reason Mele Gorsuch is there and Merrick
garland isn't it's because Republicans
acted so radically once when when
Anthony Scalia Antonin Scalia died in
the spring of 2016 so Democrats are
gonna have to figure out how hard they
want to fight and whether that limiter
is something that's going to keep them
from hitting top speed I think a lot of
the Democratic base right now is going
to expect them to all but lay their
bodies on the line to stop the Senate
rather than allow any nominee to go
forward
I mean you just articulated I think the
single most sort of under-reported
factor of how we ended up with a
president Trump the asymmetry with which
he engages in every battle the asymmetry
of his battle against the other 16
Republicans where the other candidates
were putting up ads that tried to hew
close to the truth and he just stood up
there and lied his you-know-what off in
any face Hillary Clinton and she tried
to engage in presidential debates and in
the campaign within the you know sort of
guardrails if you will of normal
political conduct can you just elaborate
on on what is available to Democrats if
they're willing to to be more
symmetrical to play a more trumpian game
if you will at this moment any and
honestly a more Republican game it
wasn't Trump who held that Merrick
garland seat in advance that was that
was Mitch McConnell and those were
Senate Republicans and that was the pre
Trump Republican Party supposedly that
was doing that and that a symmetry
applies not not just to Trump versus
normal politicians but to Democrats
versus Republicans on stuff like this
and I mean I think that Democrats you
know obviously are fighting from a
position of weakness in the Senate one
of the other things that McConnell has
done is he's blown up the potential of a
filibuster minority rule filibuster for
the for the Supreme Court nomination
that that resulted in in Neil Gorsuch
but Democrats have the option to use
exhaust and push to the limit every
tactic that they've got to keep to keep
there from being a hearing to to keep
there from being a vote to push it as
long as they can't delay it as long as
they can in the expectation that's the
same sort of public argument that
Republicans made that there had to be an
election before there could be any new
nomination that that could be applied to
what they're doing here to I mean I
think it's tactically it's gonna be
fascinating to see if republic rats
happen to have it in them to fight that
hard I do think that the Democratic base
is going to want them to fight that hard
to really try to save the court or die
trying'
the question for us big picture at
citizens is when do we get back to
normal like once these norms break once
these mores break
we how do we reassert them someday how
do we get back to being a normal country
where you know you're not you get in
trouble for lying and stuff you know and
that's a that's a that's a citizenship
question we're gonna be answering and
you know and your son is going to be
answering and his kids are gonna be
answering too I think well I'll have to
answer for that when this is long over
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
