this is the going to be the biggest
change on the US Supreme Court in at
least half a century because we go from
a court that had four solid
conservatives and four liberals with
Justice Kennedy in the middle and now
we're gonna have a solid five
conservative members but Ally you said
that lawyers sometimes pitched their
arguments to Justice Kennedy
Tom Goldstein has argued 41 cases before
the Supreme Court is that true that's
pretty true particularly on an
ideological question the kinds of
questions that your viewers really care
about whether it's abortion affirmative
action and gun rights gay rights all of
those sorts of things he was the decider
you could not win a case without Justice
Kennedy put it another way of all the
justices who could have retired today is
this the most significant or I suppose
it would also be a big deal if Justice
Ginsburg retired but is this a big deal
this is the biggest deal of a voluntary
plausible retirement because if any of
the other conservatives were to retire
you'd get somebody kind of just like
them right but there are questions on
which Justice Kennedy has been holding
back the movement of law in the United
States to the right things like gun
rights and things like affirmative
action things like voting rights he's a
conservative for sure but you can get
somebody that's a lot more conservative
so now we face this prospect of a
Supreme Court without Anthony Kennedy
who has been the deciding vote really
for the last 12 years ever since Sandra
Day O'Connor stepped down she was often
described as the swing vote but Justice
Kennedy stepped into that position and
as you heard Tom say he was for all
intents and purposes the decider some
legal scholars even said though this
Chief Justice is John Roberts it's
really the Kennedy Court and not the
Roberts Court because it's Justice
Kennedy who was also often that fifth
vote if you think about it for liberals
for conservatives often tied like today
for example on the future of public
sector union right the court was divided
four to four just justice Gorsuch got on
the court with Justice Kennedy you had a
conservative majority so it's going to
be a conservative court for years and
years to come
it's going to be a huge huge change in
the lineup of the court and of course
the other thing to remember is we've got
at least two more years of President
Trump a little over two more years as he
continues to nominate at a really
record pace judges on the federal courts
of Appeal and the US District Court so
the Trump presidency not just the
Supreme Court but the lower courts as
well is going to vastly reshape
America's courts it's the power of the
presidency and it helps when you have
the Senate in your party
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
