joining me now to discuss all of this is
independent Vermont senator Bernie
Sanders senator thanks for joining me
really appreciate it my pleasure we have
to start with this political earthquake
overnight and what it means more broadly
this win by Ocasio Cortez what should it
tell people like Nancy Pelosi should
they be afraid should incumbents
everywhere be concerned I think that's
not quite the right question I think
what it should tell the American people
is that when you have candidates like
Alexandria will have the guts to talk
about the real issues impacting people's
lives she campaigned on health care as a
right not a privilege raising the
minimum wage to $15 an hour demanding
the wealthy start paying their fair
share of taxes making public colleges
and universities tuition-free that is an
agenda that will resonate all over this
country now she happened to have the
added advantage of being an
extraordinarily good candidate and thus
Mike being outspent ten to one she was
able to run a strong grassroots campaign
and win the message here is that when
you have candidates who are talking
about the real issues impacting working
families and are running grassroots
campaigns they'll win in New York City
yesterday last night they won in
Maryland Ben Jealous pulled off an upset
when a major victory become the
Democratic candidate for governor we're
seeing this happening all across the
country and senator I guess the question
it was a big night for progressives
there's no doubt about that but our
voters also saying they want a fresh set
of eyes to come to Washington and to
help set the agenda the the messaging
aside here is part of this saying look
we want some newcomers no I think that's
a media hype I think what people want
what what what alexandria did she's 28
years old
that is fantastic and we're seeing a
whole lot of young people getting
involved in our revolution organization
getting involved in grassroots campaign
but what's most important is not just
that she is young what's most important
that she is standing up for working
families you could have young bee
who are conservative what we need now is
a movement in this country and it is
happening of saying that we should not
be living in a country where the three
wealthiest people now own more wealth in
the bottom half of the American Society
that's what those solutions we should be
talking about senator one of the things
that was so striking when you take a
look at the campaign that she ran which
undoubtedly will be studied for years to
come is that she didn't make this about
President Trump take a listen when she
was asked about this on Morning Joe
earlier today well they weren't personal
fights with Donald Trump is making the
counter-argument to his policies right
right I think that that's really the
path forward the what we need to do is
lay out a plan and a vision that people
can believe in and getting into Twitter
fights with the president is not exactly
I think the where we're going to find
progress as a nation so is her strategy
the key to winning in Trump country not
only in 2018 but in 2020 to not
necessarily be so focused on President
Trump well that's is just exactly what I
said to you a moment ago what she did is
talk about the real issues facing her
district which happens to be a
struggling working-class district so I
think what Democrats have got to do is
twofold number one we do have to stand
up to Trump's racism and his sexism in
his homophobia and is that a phobia you
you cannot laugh allow that to pass but
more importantly we need to lay out an
agenda that says there is something
wrong we're the only major country on
earth not to guarantee health care to
all that we have a president wants to do
away with the protections of people
today or pre-existing conditions so if
you have diabetes if you have cancer
you're not going to be able to get
health insurance and the absurdity of
the United States paying the highest
prices in the world for prescription
drugs while the drug companies make
billions of dollars in profit those are
the issues that will resonate senator
when we listen to you or undoubtedly
reminded of your own campaign your
former campaign manager Jeff Weaver was
asked about your ambitions are you gonna
throw your hat into the ring again take
a listen to what he had to say and then
I'm gonna ask you about this on the
other side he is consider
another run for the presidency and you
know when the time comes I think we'll
have an answer to that but right now
he's he's still considering it senator
do you have an answer well the answer is
we are focusing on 2018 which is the
most important midterm elections in my
lifetime and I'm going to do everything
that I can to see that we end one-party
rule here in Washington where
Republicans control the White House the
Senate and the house that is where I am
focusing on right now but after the
progressives had that strong night that
we all witnessed last night are you now
more inclined to run again in 2020
senator Sanders right now as I said the
next election last I heard is 2018 that
goes before 2020 let's focus on first
things first do you have a deadline for
when you think you want to make a
decision nope let's not let's talk about
the issues impacting the American people
Alexandria one because you talked about
real issues that's what I intend to do
and that's what I hope every Democratic
candidate does all right let's talk
about another big issue so that you want
to stay focused on that that is
impacting Washington and really our
political discourse and not has to do
with civility and lack thereof in a
number of cases we saw some protesters
last night shouting down a Mitch
McConnell I want to play you a little
bit of that get your reaction on the
other side
senator are you concerned that there is
a lack of civility in our political
discourse and that it is not only
something that we're seeing on the left
or the right but really we're just
seeing tensions get very heated and
we're willing to talk to each other what
do you do about that well I'm not a
great fan of shouting down people or
being rude to people I think we have a
situation now in a Congress which is way
out of touch with where the American
people are and people have a right to be
angry when Congress gives tax breaks to
billionaires and then wants to cut
nutrition programs for low-income
pregnant women you have a right to be
angry but take that anger out in a
constructive way and that means do
exactly what I would send read it last
night get involved in campaigns so that
we end one-party reactionary rule here
in Washington that's how you should take
your anger out senator does that mean
that you disagree with comments by
Maxine Waters that you disagree with
kicking Sarah Sanders out of a
restaurant are those both
counterproductive actions look as I said
before yeah I don't I think people have
a right to go into a restaurant and have
dinner we should be mobilizing our
people in a way that creates the kind of
movement we need to create a government
here in Washington represents all of us
not just the 1% that's where we got a
place our energy I do know that people
are angry they're angry about these
terribly inhumane immigration policies
they're angry about the fact that they
can't afford prescription drugs they're
angry about tax breaks to go to
billionaires but the way to deal with
that is exactly what Alexandria did
organize at the grassroots level
win elections and get involved in the
political process
senator very quickly before I let you go
I have to get your reaction to today's
Supreme Court ruling as it relates to
unions is at the end of public service
unions no it is not but it is a
disastrous ruling obviously you have a
reactionary five-to-four majority on the
Supreme Court so it should surprise
nobody that once again they rendered a
decision which benefits the wealthy and
the powerful and against the needs of
working families but I do not believe it
is the end of public unions we need a
strong union movement in this country so
the workers can negotiate decent wages
and decent benefits and that they can
play an important role in the political
world all right senator Sanders thanks
for being here on such a big and
important news day we really appreciate
your perspective thank you for having me
take care
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
