today the Velshi and rule tax-cut
tracker is back and we're looking at how
companies are spending their massive
Trump tax cut Norma fob Logan slashed
the corporate tax rate from 35 down to
21% President Trump promised the tax
savings would trickle down to American
workers a promise repeated over and over
again including by Treasury Secretary
Stephen minuchin well now some companies
have offered one-time pay bonuses to
their workers since the new tax law was
enacted but when you look closer at the
numbers many of those companies also
announced thousands of layoffs and no
raises right as they spent billions and
billions of dollars to finance huge
stock buybacks which serve shareholders
for example Walmart and now say 20
billion dollar buyback program in
September just days after the
Republicans introduced their tax plan
outline and when the tax plan became law
in January Walmart received praise when
it announced thousand dollar bonuses for
some of their employees an increased
entry-level pay to 11 bucks an hour but
it then quietly laid off almost 10,000
workers after announcing it was closing
63 Sam's club stores the same day same
day meanwhile 18t announced twenty
billion bucks in stock buybacks over the
next two years after receiving praise
for offering thousand dollar bonuses to
some of its employees but then AT&T
turned around and laid off 1,600
employees across the country how about
Wells Fargo which announced plans to buy
back nearly 19 billion bucks of its own
stock also announced plans to close more
than 800 Bank branches over the next two
years even as it admits to making out
big from the new tax law how about
Qualcomm also announced a new ten
billion dollar buyback program on May
9th this came after the company fired
more than 1500 people across California
and an undisclosed undisclosed number of
people across the United States in fact
stock repurchases these are buybacks for
the S&P 500 hit an all-time high of 189
wait for it billion bucks
the first three months of 2018 so far
trunk tax cuts for companies is barely
trickling down to the American worker
instead it is lining the pockets of
shareholders and Ally you could say well
lots of employees they own stock not
people in the middle and a bottom and
we'll give you more than one-half of all
Americans own stock most of them are
very passive investors half of Americans
those 100% of whom work for a living
don't and giving that one-time bonus
that's a kiss you get once don't even
dare raise your base it doesn't raise
your base pay you don't have to get that
the second year you don't get 3% or 2%
on top of that
bonuses are sleight-of-hand I never
wanted you know a lot of people tweet us
and say I'm very happy to have my
thousand dollar bonus I'm glad you got
your thousand dollar bonus I'm really
happy for you what would have been
better would be a raise equal to a
thousand dollars so that the next year
you've already got that and then your
base salary increases on top of it
bonuses are as you said a bit of a
head-fake
and wage increases that is what would
help us across the board that is where
people are suffering so when the
president says trickle-down economics
are going to work we're letting you know
we're not yet seeing it trickle down and
those companies are spending their money
on tactical sort of wedding the other
day and somebody said to me you guys are
really unfair to President Trump I mean
you just won't talk about how great this
tax cut has been it's increasing the
deficit it's lining the pockets of
shareholders and it is not actually
resulting in higher wages or lower taxes
person you were talking to it the
wedding owns a lot of stuff yeah and
they're looking at their stock portfolio
or their for when they're very high
you're saying bring it on in their world
they're right but they were all so happy
over the last eight years when the stock
market went up the trunk vote though
that's why the stock went up because of
Donald Trump even during Obama's era
they knew that Donald Trump would be the
next president which is why stocks were
going up further forgotten American the
Trump voter was born out of not having
wage increases or participating in the
stock market that voter has not had any
of their situation resolved hey MSNBC
fans thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and high
you can get more MSNBC for free every
day with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
