your paper is reporting what may be a
new whack at a new family separation
policy the majority leader in the house
has put forward a bill to fully fund the
wall considered DOA when it reaches the
Senate
what are Republicans doing in this
period well I think Brian there are a
couple things at play here one is
politically they're trying to to show
the conservative base the Trump voters
the thousands of people that turnout at
these rallies that they're pushing
forward that they're plowing ahead that
they are going to build a wall it still
remains the rallying cry at Trump's
rallies build the wall but a lot of
these decisions are going to be punted
until after the election the funding
decision for example about whether there
would be additional funding for the wall
construction that President Trump wants
is likely to be made in December during
the lame duck period session of the
Congress there could be fireworks there
so the you know lawmakers behind me may
not want to play in their Christmas
vacations just yet but these decisions
are not going to happen right away in
part because so many of the members the
Senators are out on a campaign trail
right now trying to win re-election and
what you have in terms of the
discussions at the White House about
family separation is the president as
well as Stephen Miller the senior policy
adviser an immigration hardliner
believing that separating children from
their parents that the border actually
has been an effective policy at
decreasing the number of border
crossings and so Miller is advocating
internally according to my colleagues
reporting for a new family separation
policy that would go back in place even
though it's so controversial because he
believes it works
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
