in today's money power politics my
favorite thing is back our tax cut
tracker where we examine how companies
are spending their tax windfalls when
Republicans slashed the corporate tax
rate from 35 to 21%
President Trump and his administration
promised the tax savings would trickle
down to America's workers a promise
repeated over and over again including
by Treasury secretary Steve minuchin I'd
say the real focus which is what the tax
cuts Act has been all about is putting
more money in companies we've said all
along we believe that 70% of this will
be returned to workers well that was a
hope it was a belief but it's not
actually happening some companies have
offered one-time pay bonuses to their
workers since the new tax law was
enacted but looking closer at the
numbers many of those same companies
also announced thousands of job layoffs
right as they spent billions of dollars
to finance huge stock buybacks which is
a gift to shareholders
for example America's biggest retailer
Walmart announced a 20 billion dollar
stock buyback in September days after
Republicans introduced their tax plan
outline when the tax plan was enacted
into law in January Walmart received
major praise when it announced thousand
dollar bonuses for some of its employees
an increased entry-level pay to 11 bucks
an hour but then it quietly laid off
almost 10,000 workers after announcing
it was closing 63 Sam's club stores
meanwhile ATT announced twenty billion
dollars in stock buybacks over the next
two years after receiving high praise
for offering thousand dollar bonuses to
some of its employees but then 18t
turned around and laid off 1,600
employees across the country and Wells
Fargo while they announced plans to buy
back nearly 19 billion dollars of their
own stock they also announced plans to
close more than 800 bank branches over
the next two years even as it admits to
making out from the tax law how about
this one Qualcomm also announced a new
ten billion dollar stock buyback program
back on May 9th
this came after the company fired more
than 1500 people across California and
an undisclosed number across the United
States in fact stock repurchases for the
S&P 500 hit an all-time high of one
hundred and eighty nine billion dollars
in the first three months of 2008 so far
the Trump tax windfall is barely
trickling down to America's workers we
are barely hearing about raises
long-term rages look at slow wage growth
but it is lining the pockets of
shareholders hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
