so the federal judge says all these kids
have to go back to their families here's
the issue there's no way to know where
they are there's no game plan to do it
they're like great 14 days how's that
gonna happen it's not going to happen so
we have the meeting of malevolence
cruelty with the abject incompetence
that we've seen on display in places
like Puerto Rico where thousands of
people are dead who otherwise would have
been alive if there was a modicum of
competence in this administration which
of course there's not okay then what's
the Republican Party line out of this
when the federal judge says this is a
chaotic circumstance of the government's
own making
how does Trump get out from under that I
think that this is Donald Trump's
Katrina and it's even worse because it's
a Mangat Jeff Porter Rico was already a
tree man well yeah exactly but for him
he managed to get away with you know
thousands of people dying because of his
administration's incompetence this these
images are not going away and they're
percolating they are permeating beyond
right-wing media the silos that normally
constrain our political parties in this
country those images are getting out
people all over the country are hearing
about tender-age children their
propaganda term for it for young
children they're hearing about older
children in these shelters changing the
diapers of younger babies okay so Phil
how is the White House responding to
this because even if they want to put
the blame on the parents of these
children for bringing them here now that
the federal judge says this is chaos
created by your own doing fiscal
conservatives even if they don't care
about the migrant children have to worry
about the cost of all this nonsense well
it is created by the administration's
own doing and that the line from the
president has been the blame a hundred
percent of the blame should fall on
Congress and yet he's had very
conflicting messages to Congress giving
them different directives about what
they should do it was only five days ago
last Friday that President Trump said
don't pass any legislation on
immigration wait until after the midterm
elections then this morning we saw in
all-caps him tweet out a message to
House Republicans Senate Republicans to
to pass this broader immigration bill
which does not seem likely to pass so
it's
complete chaos in terms of figuring out
how to implement these policies and what
the policy is actually even our and the
agencies don't know how to do don't know
how to manage this situation but at the
same time you've got the Supreme Court
ruling holding up the president's third
version of his travel ban is the White
House going to try to push this migrant
children's situation aside and go
forward and feel more emboldened on that
on their hardline on immigration since
we know what just happened with the
Supreme Court in the travel ban they
could it's a little bit unclear how
these two are gonna going to merge here
in the days to come
but clearly the White House feels some
vindication after this court ruling with
the travel ban and what it does is give
the affirms for the president that he
has the power to set a lot of these
policies regarding who can enter the
country and I think he's going to try to
find ways to exercise that power in the
weeks and months ahead
you know perhaps considering other
countries that should be added to that
ban I don't know but clearly he's
exercised about this and feels empowered
newly empowered to act see if if anyone
should feel vindicated it should be
president Trump's attorneys who took his
original travel ban and reworked it 17
ways till Sunday until this thing got
passed by the Supreme Court but
president Trump's takes it is a huge win
Don Jr out there tweeting up a storm
does this involving the president
probably look at the end of the day this
Muslim ban and that's what it was and he
clearly stated it well there's a couple
of countries on the list that are non
Muslim countries on it and he doesn't
like the water down third version
according to reports from inside the
White House but the intent was clear it
was discriminatory
discriminatory it imposed a religious
task on immigration fundamentally on
American and so we saw two things we saw
an erosion of civil liberties right in
the name of security which is always the
case but most importantly the national
security damage done by this decision
the signal that it sends to the Muslim
world is that the United States is your
enemy this was what bin Laden sought to
achieve a global
or between Muslims and the West the
great confrontation of billion Muslims
this empowers extremists it isolates
moderate Muslims and so the president
may revel in this but our country is
weaker the world is more dangerous and
fundamental American values have been
undermined ok then let's go back to
September 11th because from the
beginning the country were the most 9/11
hijackers came back Arabia with Saudi
Arabia Saudi Arabia follow the money is
not on the list but if you remember it
was one of President Trump and his sword
dances favorite trips this past year
well this is Saudi Arabia is supposedly
the linchpin of our strategy to bring
peace to the Middle East and I feel like
that has been you know you can't tell
where the national interest is for the
trumpet made administration in the
financial interest of the Trump family
and the Kushner family and it's
incredibly disturbing another addition
on that list that really is disturbing
is Yemen right now about eight million
people are on the verge of starvation
eight million people because of our
immoral foreign policy in cahoots with
Saudi Arabia in yen and Yemen we are
complicit in that and this is only
furthering the death and devastation and
let's and let's not miss the total utter
absolute corruption of this
administration does anybody think it is
without coincidence that there are no
Trump Hotel properties in any of the
countries on the list and the countries
that would be security threats if you
were to look at these are countries that
have produced terrorists who have
attacked America including Saudi Arabia
where 15 of the 19 hijackers on 9/11
came from and more importantly Saudi
Arabia has been the chief funder and
advocate of the export of Wahhabi ISM
which has radicalized moderate strains
of Islam all over the world so when
Donald Trump stands in the middle of the
sward ants in Saudi Arabia and doesn't
talk about either the human rights
violations of that country doesn't talk
about their role in funding extremism
and terrorism what it does is render all
of this into the nonsensical joke that
in
reality it is this is all stick he goes
to North Korea he says peace is at hand
but what do we know now from satellite
imagery yesterday the North Korea
Koreans are busy upgrading their nuclear
weapons and ballistic missile
capabilities as we speak
this is another reality show episode
completely detached from reality part of
a political strategy that we're dealt
well listen it's not working he has 40
41 42 percent support in the country
there were more people opposed to him
that are for him that has always been
the case but don't underestimate what
he's doing what he's attempting to do he
uses mass rallies to lie and create
fervor in a base by scapegoating
minority populations and blaming them
for all the ills in the world more than
just his base you've got centrist
wealthy people who are willing to look
the other way and take his lives for
fact because it works for their bank
accounts because they hear about
far-left candidates winning the
primaries and they worry uh-oh what's
gonna happen to my tax dollars I'm gonna
believe Trump's lies because it's
convenient for me once upon a time in
American politics it was a business of
persuasion you would try to persuade
people that your ideas were slightly
better than the other side it has become
a game of incitement and what Trump is
doing is radicalizing American politics
and he is a beneficiary the more radical
politics becomes when it becomes a game
of incitement between a far-left who
says everybody's gonna have a government
job everybody's gonna have day care
everybody's gonna have retirement free
school free high school free college
education as we Kareem towards 30
trillion dollars in debt when we have
dishonest progressivism right and we
have dishonest trumpism an alienated
middle that surrenders they break their
will to fight back they become
disenfranchised and hopeless about the
idea that free market capitalism or
liberal democracy can prevail in a
radical era
that is the danger well this is the
moment for the center to rise Phil then
before we go this immigrant immigration
bill anything going to happen there we
sit here all day long and talk about how
urgent it is but it almost seems
laughable today yeah it seems unlikely
that this broader immigration bill is
going to pass that's been the outlook
for several days now although the White
House on paper at least is behind it the
more likely scenario is that a narrower
fix that would deal specifically with
the Flores settlement issue which deals
with the timing of how long children can
be detained with their parents that's
likely to potentially get through the
Congress before the end of this week and
the White House would get behind that
assuming this broader bill fails as
expected
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
