I love that answer that was our next
guest last night after her big election
victory in New York's 14th congressional
district and joining us here on set
alexandria Ocasio cortez also at the
table national political correspondent
for NBC News and MSNBC Steve Kornacki
he's the author of the forthcoming book
the red and the blue the 1990s and the
birth of political tribalism it's really
really good to have you both on board
congratulations thank you thank you so
so much have you had a chance to take it
all in and how are you feeling you know
I it again it feels great it felt great
even before the results came in walking
around the community seeing how many
people were excited to vote yesterday
was incredible and I think we're just
kind of still processing with the rest
of the nation right now I bet so what
was your campaign focused on what what
do you think really turned out the vote
and they did turnout yeah I mean our
campaign was focused on just a laser
focused message of economic social and
racial dignity for working-class
Americans especially those in Queens in
the Bronx we're very clear about our
message very clear about our priorities
and very clear about the fact that even
if you've never voted before we are
talking to you okay so that's the
clearest message I've heard from a
Democrat in a long time Joe jump in any
advice you ran for Congress well I don't
I can't give any advice I think she
should be giving advice you know I
always people would always come to me
and ask how I won when I wasn't supposed
to win and I'm just curious I mean my
answer always was hard to work I would
guess that's probably your answer as
well that it was knocking on doors
walking the district doing all the
little things overtime that added up
right is that what it is asking was it
hard work or what was it that that made
the difference you know it just took it
really did take hard work you know I
started this race
ten months ago I was working in
education and I was working in a
restaurant and I started this race out
of a paper bag you know I had Flyers and
clipboards and it really just was
non-stop knocking doors and talking to
the community yeah why did you run why'd
you run well you know I think the big
thing is just that I knew that in our
community we needed a very clear voice I
think we deserved representation that
rejected lobbyists funds and put our
voters in our community first and I felt
like we could really deliver a message
for the Bronx for Queens and and for the
working-class people of the United
States I felt like our party could be
better our message could be better and
that we could be better as a country as
I followed your campaign Alexandria and
you can correct me if I'm wrong I didn't
see you directly at every opportunity
taking on Donald Trump by name himself
yeah you sort of implicitly took him on
with your ideas and your programs but it
wasn't they weren't personal fights with
Donald Trump it was making the
counter-argument to his policies right
right I think that that's really the
path forward the what we need to do is
lay out a plan and a vision that people
can believe in and getting into Twitter
fights with the president is not exactly
I think the where we're going to find
progress as a nation hey Steve the
turnout the demography of this district
what does it portend in your view for
the Democratic Party well it's it's
interesting and I'd be curious what you
think of it to the New York State does
these primaries so strangely there's a
statewide primary for governor and for
all these other offices later this
summer they separated out the
congressional primaries and folks
getting a ballot yesterday I know I'm
one of these people get a blank piece of
paper with two names in the upper left
corner and nothing else on it and the
thinking had been that this was going to
be an advantage for Joe Crowley this was
going to be an advantage for the
incumbents in New York because there was
going to be such low turnout such low
interest in such low energy it was that
you're thinking going into this well I
actually knew that in New York system
own system of voter suppression a low
turnout primary is actually an
incredible opportunity for a grassroots
organizer because when only 3% of your
electorate turns out you really just
need to inspire
a couple thousand people and it can
totally change the game alright so you
also went to the border right yeah and
when did you do that why did you do that
what did you want to show people I went
to I went to the border on Sunday and so
I was there with several organizations
Rice's Texas voto Latino and several
other activists and organizers and I
went there because the moral character
of our nation is on the line and it
cannot wait right now when we are
talking about something as Extreme as
the detention and separation of children
which we know is an international human
rights abuse we cannot afford for a
convenient time to resist that we need
to show and assert and fight for what
the America we want to be we need to
fight to make that happen
so Joe has a question for you Joe jump
in well I'm actually a quick question
for Steve Kornacki but certainly
Alexandra you can answer - hey Steve so
what does it mean when a guy like Joe
Crowley who is one of the top leaders in
the Democratic Party who's one year
after year after year after year is
defeated in his own primary and nobody
sees it coming is this did he fall
asleep at the wheel
what what what happened yeah there's an
incredible irony with what's happened
with Joe Crowley and it's this he's been
in Congress for 20 years he was elected
in 98 there was sort of a backroom
maneuver that got him into that seat in
the first place 20 years ago but when he
got to Washington he set out to try to
climb the Democratic ranks in DC and he
was blocked for years because he had a
poor relationship with Nancy Pelosi he
had sided with Steny Hoyer Hoyer and
Pelosi had the whole rivalry you know
six you know eight in ten Crowley had
chances to move into leadership and he
was blocked by Pelosi each time he's
thinking he's never gonna get there
finally in the last three or four years
he mended the relationship with Pelosi
he moved into leadership and he was
positioned as of the stuff that I'm
voting started yesterday he was the
closest thing there was to a consensus
pick to emerge if Nancy Pelosi stepped
down or where was challenger eight he
was the closest thing there was to a
consensus pick to become the next
Democratic leader potentially the next
demo
Speaker of the House so he finally after
all those years
got his relationships right in DC only
to turn around and find out that the
district he'd been elected to 20 years
ago where he was by the way the party
boss you're talking to Queens County
chairman here again it was a backroom
maneuver that got him in there in 98 in
the first place it had changed
circumstances have changed back home he
finally got things right in DC only to
watch them all go wrong back home well I
want to point out mica you mentioned
that Alexander went to the border she's
been on this issue long before it was in
the news a couple of weeks ago calling
for the abolition of ice for example
long ago not just while it was in
national news a couple of others items
on your policy agenda that you made very
clear throughout Medicare for all
Federal jobs guarantee and tuition free
public universities and trade schools
those look to a lot of people like
promises of gifts under the tree but
they wonder how they'll be paid for now
you're in a position to carry these out
how at a time when the CBO says our
debts and deficits are exploding or
gonna cripple us how do you pay for
things like that it's it's an excellent
question first of all I think we need to
kind of look at at the damaging history
legislative history of what we've done
with our taxes not only how did we have
a four hundred billion dollar GOP tax
clip that could have actually forgiven
every single federal student loan in
America we spent that money in December
and we spent it on tax cuts for the
corporations and the very rich but it
means reviewing the Bush tax cuts it
means making sure that also that we
understand the power of the purse that
Congress has that you know when the
United States was in the Great
Depression that is when we pursued the
New Deal it was when people precisely
said we have the least amount of ability
to do this that we actually committed to
an economically ambitious agenda that
transformed the future in the course of
this nation and I think that it is
absolutely possible but what it takes is
the political courage to do it to raise
taxes to roll back the tax cuts I'm not
only and not only that but also
understand that that the federal
government does have the ability in the
similar way that we had in the New Deal
to to spearhead some of the this agenda
and some of that financing as well
Mike barn where does this come from
where does all this come from how did
you get so interested so involved so
intense on all of these issues that
threaten our so many people's lives that
affect so many people's lives where did
it come from in you well years ago I I
had the honor of working for the late
Senator Kennedy which is when I really
kind of fell in love with community work
but it's really my story in my
background you know my father passed
away when I was a teen a teenager my
mother cleaned homes and drove school
buses and you know when my family was on
the brink of foreclosure in 2008 my
father passed away during the financial
crisis and that's why I started
waitressing and bartending so that she
could keep her home and so I understand
the pain of working-class Americans
because I have experienced the pain and
I've experienced the urgency of this
economic moment and that is you know why
I have ring that urgency to this fight
because it is what we need as a nation
it's what working families need as a
nation how old are you I'm 28 years old
and how do you get from that story to
thinking I'm gonna run and I think I can
win I want to know where that comes from
inside you especially for women I
struggle to know their values yeah I
think 2016 was an amazing year for I
mean it was an amazing year nationally
but it was a year of awakening for a lot
of individuals I found myself at the end
of 2016 at Standing Rock I found myself
in Flint Michigan and I just felt like
at this point we have nothing to lose
that's right we have nothing to lose and
even in a in a race that just seemed
impossible as it was even three months
ago even on long odds that doesn't mean
we shouldn't try that's the bottom line
what's your advice now because everyone
in the political world is going to go
back now and look at your campaign and
what you did over the last several
months and say what can we learn from it
how should we model our campaigns how
can we take back the house this fall how
can we take back the White House in a
couple of years what do you say to
people as they watch your campaign
because you stayed on your message the
whole time I think was reflected last
night when Joe Crowley conceded at his
event
he started by dedicating a song to you
and congratulating you that's sort of
the tenor of the campaign was about a
message and not about personal fight
yeah absolutely I think it's it is
something that we have to stick to the
message what are we proposing to the
American people not what are we fighting
against we understand that we're under
an antagonistic administration but what
is the vision that is going to earn and
deserve the support of working-class
Americans and we need to be explicit in
that vision and that legislation not
just better but what exactly is our plan
and that when we do that working-class
Americans we were bold about it when we
say we stand up for immigrants when we
stand up for the LGBTQ community when we
believe that every working-class
American deserves the opportunity to
change their economic destiny and their
children's future that is well that's
the message that we need to bring into
the midterms and Joe what's your big
takeaway looking at this race well the
big takeaway is that we talked about it
in 2016 look at the people who did
really well at Donald Trump on the
Republican side Bernie Sanders on the
Democratic side the antithesis of each
other but each had a message each had a
bold message people on the right didn't
like Bernie's a lot of us didn't like
Donald Trump's but that said there was a
bold message there the opposite of what
the Democratic Party in Washington DC
has the opposite of what Hillary Clinton
had and then most importantly once you
have that message it's the fundamentals
I always called it the blocking and
tackling it was a knocking on doors
who's putting yard signs out there he
was getting on the phones it was getting
people out to vote having phone banks
having people in churches and synagogues
having people all over your district
doing everything they could day in and
day out and you worked harder you know
what people always came to me and said
what's the secret of winning how did you
do this nobody explained it I said it's
very simple you get up earlier than
everybody else you go to bed later than
everybody else and you work harder in
between those two points all you have to
do are those three things and you've got
a shot of winning two and sounds like
that's exactly what Alexandria did yeah
and even more importantly than that she
has a message that the Democrats of
not had well and that message by the way
did not take her three minutes to spew
out droning on and on and on and I will
tell you in the two years running up to
Hillary Clinton's campaign and election
night I asked every Democrat that came
on this set
I asked Hillary Clinton I asked all of
Hillary Clinton supporters because she
was so unavailable what's the message
what's the message what's the message
and the answer was always two to three
minutes long kind of placating kind of
in the middle of nowhere nothing
ultimately this very young candidate has
a clear concise message it took her less
than 30 seconds to say it because she
knows exactly what it is it is who she
is it's where she came from and it's
what she wants to do so I would love
everyone to take a look at this
interview and take a look at what her
message is don't don't steal her message
find your own Democrats okay and believe
in it because we got nothing to hold on
to at this point but our party and what
our message is and if we focus on Trump
which I don't think you even mentioned
today no and yet you know at this point
an entire district is swept up by you
it's something to look at and we
appreciate what you've done thank you
Steve Kornacki thank you and very
exciting story I will be talking a lot
more about your upcoming book Steve the
red and the blue the 1990s and the birth
of political tribalism in the coming
weeks and stay with us
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes thank you as
well congratulations
thank you very much from one badass
woman to a full list of badass women
Laura Brown editor-in-chief of InStyle
magazine
joins us with the latest issue next on
Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
