travel ban Willie yeah let's go to the
Supreme Court which is given President
Trump a major political victory ruling
to uphold the travel ban the justices
ruled 5-2 for yesterday to allow the ban
after a series of federal court rulings
previously had invalidated or scaled
back earlier versions of it the latest
version maintains limits on granting
visas to travelers from five of the
seven countries covered by the original
executive order imposed last September
by presidential proclamation Iran Libya
Somalia Syria and Yemen still are
covered by the ban which also prohibits
travel by North Koreans and certain
government officials in Venezuela
writing for the majority Chief Justice
John Roberts said the court viewed the
ability to regulate immigration as
squarely within a president's powers but
Justice Sonia Sotomayor who wrote a
dissent said that the rulli ignores the
quote pain and suffering the ban
inflicts upon countless families and
individuals many of whom are United
States citizens the decision marks an
end to 15 months of legal battles over a
key part of the president's immigration
policy roughly a year ago the president
had tweeted quote the Justice Department
should have stayed with the original
travel ban not the watered down
politically correct version they
submitted to Supreme Court but yesterday
the president celebrated the justices
decision a tremendous success a
tremendous victory for the American
people and for our Constitution this is
a great victory for our Constitution we
have to be toughened we have to be safe
and we have to be secure at a minimum we
have to make sure that we've met people
coming into the country we know who's
coming in we know where they're coming
from you just have to know who's coming
here
the ruling shows that all of the attacks
from the media and the Democrat
politicians are wrong and they turned
out to be very
wrong so professor jonathan turley let's
talk about what the Supreme Court did
and did not rule it yesterday it was not
it seems to me a commentary by the
majority on the policy itself but rather
on the president's ability to make that
policy that's right and even though the
travel orders did change the two
threshold questions did not even the
challengers admitted that the two really
key questions remain the same throughout
that period the first is whether federal
law barred any type of entry limit based
on national status or origin the
Challenger said that federal law doesn't
allow that the Supreme Court set aside
that argument and said that it does
allow for that type of discrimination
according to national origin the second
one which has gotten more attention is
whether you can rely on the president's
political statements from the campaign
and later his tweets and we talked about
that before you know when this whole
litigation began I said I thought the
Supreme Court would reverse these lower
courts on both these questions because
there are long-standing cases that
really did seem to contradict the lower
courts particularly in the reliance on
these types of political statements what
the court said is you just can't ignore
the record created by the agencies they
say that they have this independent
basis for doing this so the opinion
doesn't really move the ball necessarily
in terms of increasing the president's
authority it reaffirms a long set of
cases there is one thing that has been
missed in a lot of the coverage which I
think is wonderful news for everyone and
that is the majority opinion written by
John Roberts finally put a stake through
the heart of one of the most truly
reviled and abusive decisions in history
and that is karamatsu which was handed
down in 1942
it hasn't attracted must notice but in
almost an aside Chief Justice Roberts
said karamatsu hasn't been technically
overturned in the past but it is dead
and he also said it was unconstitutional
when it was written that is the decision
that led to a hundred and twenty
thousand Japanese of
Americans being sent to internment camps
and it is long overdue but boy that was
worth it is certainly worth the wait to
see it overturned should have done much
beat lee long ago much earlier than this
and jonathan really quickly again this
was we've talked about this before this
really was not a surprise at all was it
because the president is any president
has granted such authority if the
president's first travel ban had tried
to if they tried to push that through
that probably would have been overturned
certainly what he said on the campaign a
ban against all muslims would have been
overturned this was narrowed to
countries most of the countries that
barack obama's administration said are
the most dangerous countries to actually
allow travel bans travel visas in from
so this is was narrowed considerably
even using some of the countries that
barack obama's administration focused on
yeah i think this was a very predictable
result show it is consistent with past
cases and it's a shot across the bow for
courts below that they're going to have
to separate or insulate themselves from
some of this president's incendiary
language and focus on the traditional
record in deciding these cases let me go
to you and let's look at libya look at
syria look at iran look at north korea
look at look at again the the the
countries that made up the travel ban
this very narrow Libya Syria Iran Yemen
Somalia North Korea Venezuela if you're
if you're selecting seven countries to
actually tighten the grip on who can get
travel visas to come to the United
States that's a pretty damn good start
isn't it oh it absolutely is I mean this
is a rogues gallery but this is a good
example of two things one is as we
always say elections have consequences
but constitutions have consequences as
well so let's start by stipulating this
is the legal normative system at work
that doesn't mean it's a wise decision
it
meaning that it makes sense
geopolitically I just returned from Asia
and I'm watching the returns in Asia if
you will and I'm seeing big Muslim
countries Indonesia Malaysia countries
we want on our side see this I'm
watching our allies in the region Sunni
Arab states like Saudi Arabia Jordan UAE
Egypt looking at this and I'm looking at
Americans looking at this so I'd say
it's a legal decision but boy is it bad
geopolitics
well what impact of it you know what's
that what do you think the impact of
it's going to be it's going to make it
so much harder Joe when we reach out to
Muslim countries to participate with us
in the battle against the Islamic state
for example when we reach out to them in
every dimension to stand with us
defending Israel for example this is a
difficult difficult move on the part of
the administration has Isis or al-qaeda
been handed a bigger recruiting gift
than this decision never and it will be
played in the States
it'll be played in the region and above
all it will be played on Facebook
Twitter where the command and control
system of the Islamic state resides they
will use it to recruit proselytize and
operationalize so jumping up what the
Admiral just said yummy Sh how does this
filter through Washington and politics
for Democrats and Republicans given the
positions and the elections coming up
does this does this have an impact there
it certainly has the impact there this
Supreme Court decision was as much a
victory for Mitch McConnell and
Republicans who want to bend the rules
of the Senate as it was for President
Trump
Mitch McConnell played the long game he
said I'm going to wait and see if we can
get a Republican in the in the White
House even as President Trump was
running and Republicans were very very
nervous about whether or not he was
going to be able to get that seat Mitch
McConnell stood his ground and they got
Neel Gorsuch and Mitch McConnell tweeted
out a picture yesterday of him shaking
hands and whitneyhl gorches and it was
because
is Mitch McConnell feels like if there's
anything that Republicans did we ensured
that the Supreme Court is gonna have our
back here and the Supreme Court did
something interesting the other
panelists can talk about whether or not
how legal this is but from the political
point of view the dissent said hey we're
really worried about this because of
what president said on the campaign
trail because of the fact that he's been
talking about Muslims in this derogatory
way and the Supreme Court said hey the
president has his powers and that's it
and I think that there's a lot of talk
about President Trump's rhetoric and
what we're seeing is that the court that
the Republicans essentially pushed for
aren't gonna bring his tweets and his
conversations into the the Supreme Court
when they're making these decisions I
think when we're looking at the midterms
and down the line this for president
Trump this was a huge victory it's a
promise that he made on the campaign
trail a lot of his supporters that I
talked to feel very much like he's
keeping his promises when he's doing
this so in some ways it really helps
some President Trump do that for
Democrats I think it gives them
something to talk about to say hey this
is the things that the Republicans have
done when you give them power well how
interesting it is that Donald Trump
yesterday praises the court like any
autocratic leader that he actually seems
to want to be he praises the courts when
they ruled for him say they're
illegitimate when he rules against them
but fortunately the courts are still
doing what they think the Constitution
guides them to do Jonathan Turley there
have been times over the past four or
five years where we've come to the end
of the session and we've gotten a list
of Supreme Court decisions that have
come out we've looked through them and
we've been surprised when John Roberts
upheld Obamacare been surprised with
other decisions where this court didn't
act like you would expect a
traditionally conservative court to act
we certainly were surprised a month or
so ago when the old Gorsuch was the
deciding vote in a five-to-four decision
with the more progressive members of the
Supreme Court but bye-bye and for this
session has seemed to be more
conservative than then recent years has
it not it has this has been a good term
for conservatives we're expecting the
Jana's case to come down in favor of the
conservative viewpoint which is a
dealing with union dues and whether a
public employee has to pay a fine even
though he's not find a fee for the work
of the of a union it's expected that
that long standing debate will be
resolved but probably by Justice Alito
writing for the majority against the
unions that can present a very
significant hit for the unions
financially but as you know there have
been a series of decisions that just
broke in favor of the right I don't
think anything has happened this is the
just that with the order of the cases
and how they came up after all kennedy
is not reluctant to vote against the
Conservatives when he feels it's needed
even John Roberts is broken from the
conservative wing things like the
individual mandate of Obamacare and we
saw on carpenter as you mentioned
Gorsuch going with the left on privacy
but this has been a good term for
conservatives there's no question about
it really has Willie though one one real
missed opportunity as far as I'm
concerned but when it when it comes to
gerrymandering the court just for the
most part not only sort of took a pass
on it they made it much harder for
anybody challenging gerrymandered
districts that really do seem to twist
democracy and knots yeah that got buried
a little bit under under this travel ban
hearing but that's an important one as
well we'll talk about I also just wanted
to point out I think Joe that this
decision yesterday for a lot of people
who voted for Donald Trump and had to
hold their noses and it was about a
Supreme Court justice for them you know
there's that mean where I'm but Gorsuch
with all the cake the chaos around
President Roh yeah but we got corsets we
got corsets yesterday is a validation
for them that the vote that they put in
that Mitch McConnell helped to hold up
Merrick garland that they got Gorsuch
and they got a Supreme Court decision
and they expect others that will benefit
that for that I think they can justify
their vote for Donald Trump and continue
to support him unfortunately Mika the
ends justifies the means I guess if
you're Mitch McConnell and I don't leave
that but he rubs he rubs half of
America's noses in mud by troubling them
after Supreme Court decision which
Admiral Travis says is going to have
terrible consequences globally for the
United States of America
but Mitch McConnell is who Mitch
McConnell is and right now he is blindly
he's a blind Liat rumpus and good luck
with that if that's how he wants to be
remembered and that is how he will be
remembered that as well as destroying
the way the United States Senate Select
Supreme Court justices that's his legacy
I hope he enjoys it well they all have
found a brand that they will live with
forever Jonathan Turley thank you very
much
still I had on Morning Joe Senate
Democrats trying to get answers about
the border crisis HHS Secretary Alex
azar says hundreds of children's and
families have been reunited but the
numbers don't seem to add up we still
have a lot of questions hanging out
there about the fate of these children
Plus how worried our NATO allies about a
potential summit between President Trump
and Vladimir Putin Admiral James
stavridis will weigh in on that you're
watching Morning Joe we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
