tonight's other lead story the Supreme
Court voting five to four to uphold the
president's travel ban backing up his
contention that he has the right to
control immigration into the u.s. even
as he faces ongoing blowback over the
treatment of migrants crossing this
border well tonight the ruling brought
protestors onto the streets of New York
and other cities across this country a
bit reminiscent of those early and
spontaneous airport demonstrations when
the travel ban was first put into place
earlier today the president was taking a
bit of a verbal victory lap praising the
ruling taking it as a sign of an
endorsement of his hardline views on
immigration the Supreme Court ruling was
a tremendous victory for this country
and for the Constitution the Supreme
Court the Supreme Court ruling was a
tremendous victory for the ruling shows
that all of the attacks from the media
and the Democrat politicians are wrong
and they turned out to be very wrong
other countries it's called I'm sorry
you can't come in you have to leave this
one we have judges and we have to change
it it's so simple it's called I'm sorry
you can't come in now what the justices
upheld today is the third version of his
travel ban which largely impacts
muslim-majority countries five of the
seven countries affected here are in
fact Muslim majority the vote was 5-4
the court's conservatives making up the
majority their reasoning affirming the
president's broad power to act in the
name of national security they made this
up to the executive up to when including
the power to keep certain people out of
the country the court also noted that
power was not undermined by the
president's previous and numerous
statements about Muslims Justice Sonia
Sotomayor of New York took issue with
that in her dissent writing quote it
leaves undisturbed a policy first
advertised openly and unequivocally as a
total and complete shutdown of Muslims
entering the United States because the
policy now masquerades behind a facade
of national security concerns
and granted the president's views on
Muslims have been crystal clear since
the earliest days of his candidacy
Donald J Trump is calling for a total
and complete shutdown of Muslims
entering the United States until our
country's representatives can figure out
what the hell is going on we have to
maybe check respectfully the mosques and
we have to check other places because
this is a problem that if we don't solve
it it's going to eat our country alive I
think Islam hates us there's something
there's something there that there's a
tremendous hatred there there's a
tremendous hatred we have to get to the
bottom of it another way of looking at
this is that the travel ban ruling is as
much Mitch McConnell's victory as it is
Trump's when a vacancy came up on the
court remember with 11 months left in
the Obama presidency
it was McConnell who kept that seat
empty he would not give a hearing to the
Obama nominee for the court Merrick
garland that gave Trump an open net and
he appointed Neel Gorsuch to the court
early in his presidency today not long
after the court's opinion was announced
there was this McConnell's campaign
posted this photo of himself and Gorsuch
on Twitter it's not clear yet what the
High Court's decision might mean for
this administration's so-called zero
tolerance immigration policy the
president was asked about that today the
potent humility also to the idea of
deporting people without due process as
well find a system where you don't need
thousands of judges sitting at a border
today the head of Health and Human
Services said 2047 migrant children are
still in apartments care yet to be
reunited with their parents
First Lady Melania Trump is making a
second visit to the border later this
week
meantime 18 democratic state attorneys
general are now suing the Trump
administration in an effort to force
officials to reunite the children with
their families Attorney General Jeff
Sessions who first started care
bring out this zero-tolerance policy a
few months ago today inelegantly made a
broader point about class the rhetoric
we hear from the other side on this
issue as on many others has become
radicalized we hear views on television
today and that are on the lunatic fringe
frankly and what is perhaps more galling
is the hypocrisy these same people live
in gated communities many of them and
are featured and at events where you
have to have an ID to even come in and
hear them speak and if you try to scale
the fence believe me they'll be even too
happy to have you arrested and separated
from your children if that would like to
see that and attempted humor there by
the Attorney General rewarded by
applause and laughter in the room let's
bring in our panel tonight Robert Costa
a national political reporter for The
Washington Post moderator of Washington
week on PBS Jill Colvin White House
reporter for The Associated Press and
Jeremy bash former chief of staff at CIA
and the Pentagon also an MSNBC national
security analyst and that's the area I'd
like to begin with tonight Jeremy you're
also the only lawyer here what are the
national security implications at play
in light of the Supreme Court decision
as you see it
well this 5-4 decision Brian really
wasn't a surprise because if you recall
the president started his administration
almost from day one initiating
a total categorical blanket ban on seven
muslim-majority countries and that's
what led the courts to rein him in and
only after the president tried tried and
tried a third time did he whittled down
the policy and included countries like
North Korea and Venezuela and finally
he's able to pass by the thinnest of
majorities five for some constitutional
muster but it does not mean that the
policy is wise and from a national
security perspective you want to do
risk-based targeting you want to use
intelligence to focus your security
apparatus on the true risks not engaged
in blanket targeting or categorical
bands or bands of national origin so
from a perspective of national
security this policy remains very very
unwise and unsafe Joe Colvin take us to
the West Wing how did this play out
today the president was still in the
residence when he found out about this
today but the message from the very
beginning the word they were using was
vindication the president wound up using
that later on in a statement that he
gave this was for the president in his
eyes a huge win proving that the
Democrats that the media who criticized
this policy calling it a Muslim ban
saying it was unnecessary saying it that
was that it was racist saying that it
was xenophobic saying that all of those
people were wrong and that in fact the
courts agreed with him to be clear the
version that they agreed with was very
far from the original band that he put
into effect when he first took office
and that sort of shock and awe a series
of executive orders this was something
that various agencies across the
government spent weeks and weeks and
weeks building criteria trying to come
up with objective sets of things that
they wanted countries to do so that they
could make sure that this would actually
pass muster and that the courts would
actually approve it but the president
right now is in a position where he is
emboldened he feels that despite all of
the outcry against the separation policy
he feels now that his hardline
immigration policies are a winning issue
and something that he wants to keep
pressing and intends to keep pressing
going into the midterm elections Robert
Costa as I always say this is another
subject you were present at the creation
you were there for the now-famous
remarks Donald J Trump wants to ban all
Muslims from entering this country even
though this was 3.0 even though he
complained this was the watered down
version of what he wanted how can he not
see this as a straight-up vindication we
know already Steve bannon's sure does it
may be a vindication it's also a
reminder of who are the ideological
anchors in this administration you
remember back in 2017 Attorney General
Jeff Sessions for all of his quarrels
with the president he is still there
directing policy on the border Stephen
Miller still there Steve bannon's gone
john kelly was then a homeland security
secretary when the travel ban first came
out he was on a helicopter when he first
heard the news
the people accessions and miller inside
of this administration who are driving
policy and it's a reminder to brian the
courts are going to be on the ballot
this fall for the midterm elections this
reveals how much power they have over
the the future of the country and both
parties will battle over who's gonna get
the next pick
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
