day 523 of the Trump administration
we're going to have the latest about
what happened at the Supreme Court today
in just a moment but we want to begin
with some breaking political news on
this Tuesday primary night it is easily
the most shocking result of this
political season thus far veteran New
York City Democratic congressman Joe
Crowley has gone down to primary defeat
tonight at the hands of a hard left 28
year old opponent named Alexandria
Ocasio Cortez this is her first campaign
of any kind for political office Crowley
has been in Congress representing parts
of Queens and the Bronx coming up on 20
years and here's the important part he's
number four on the Democratic leadership
chart Crowley had aspirations to someday
be Speaker of the House and after he
sent a stand-in to represent him at a
recent debate the New York Times
editorial board wrote if you want to be
Speaker don't take voters for granted
Crowley's defeat will inevitably be
compared to that of Eric Cantor formerly
of the GOP leadership he too did not
tend to a political brush fire back home
in his district he is now a private
citizen which is apparently what
Congressman Joe Crowley will become in
January again easily the biggest story
to emerge from this primary night for
more we have our national political
correspondent Steve Kornacki at the big
board and with us from Utah
NBC News Capitol Hill correspondent KC
hunt who traveled West to cover the MIT
Romney race Steve we'll begin here in
the studio with you just to underscore
this Crowley's job for the Democratic
caucus in the house was the head of
messaging so much for that I guess yeah
and you put the rank there number four
but that's some day when he might become
the speaker there were folks who thought
it could be like next year if there were
some situation where the Democrats got
the majority where there were a lot who
hadn't committed to Pelosi that Crowley
had basically lined up to be the next in
line
when Pelosi goes and now losing in his
home district you're right this is a
seismic upset obviously the upset of the
season so much to talk about here we say
Crowley was a big shot in Washington
with his party
his district a little you can't see it's
such a small area geographically here
Queens the Bronx those are the two
components of the district there he was
the party boss for lack of a better term
the Queens County Democratic Chairman
his mentor held the job he took over for
his mentor so he was the party boss
locally that was supposed to insulate
him his challenger hear you say coming
from the left alexandria occasio Cortez
a member of the Democratic socialists of
America she campaigned this week for the
abolition of ice in response to all of
the news around the border she has been
talking about that issue not an issue
you hear a lot of Democrats talking
about and beating him here by double
digits a lot of folks will say
nationally this is one of those moments
Neil Crowley represents a little bit of
what the past was for the Democratic
Party this part of New York his district
this is think of the show all in the
family back in the 70s Archie Bunker
used to call him the white ethnics
Italian Irish culturally conservative
working-class that used to be sort of a
prototype for this district this
district has changed the country has
changed the Democratic Party has changed
this is now a district that is
three-quarters non-white and there was a
Democrat a demographic change there in
Crowley kind of represented what it used
to be occasio Cortes what the district
more and more becoming and maybe the
Democratic Party to Ryan Steve you're so
right this may be the most diverse piece
of political real estate anywhere in the
country with the mixture of ethnic
groups again in Queens and part of the
Bronx Steve will be coming back to you
let's go out to Utah and KC hunters
standing by KC I have to tell you the
president tweeted about this Crowley
race tonight and as we read it off the
screen Wow big Trump hater Congressman
Joe Crowley who many expected was going
to take Nancy Pelosi's place just lost
his primary election in other words he's
out this is a big one that no one saw
happening perhaps he should have been
nicer and more respectful to his
president what the president doesn't
seem to realize is Crowley was beaten
from his own left but it doesn't matter
we have this as Steve put its seismic
result in the house tonight that's right
Brian it is seismic and yes I do think
that the president has diagnosed this
problem incorrectly this was a situation
quite frankly a lot of things
contributed to it but it seems as though
and you read this off the top of the
show this is a case where frankly Joe
Crowley was not paying enough attention
to what was going on back home at a time
when he was more focused on the National
Democratic Party and what he was doing
in Washington and Brian I just cannot
overstate what a seismic shift this is
inside the house leadership this is
somebody who was incredibly close with
Nancy Pelosi wildly seen as her likely
successor in the events that she were to
decide to step down he's very well-liked
by his colleagues across the board he's
much younger than the current leadership
in the house although clearly a
different generation from the woman who
has beaten him tonight she will actually
be if she is elected in the fall the
youngest woman ever elected to the House
of Representatives at the age of 28 and
this really is the kind of warning shot
that we heard for example back in 2014
where Eric Cantor the number two
Republican in the House lost his seat to
an upstart conservative who had the
support of conservative media and
conservative media figures the same is
true here for Alexandria Ocasio Cortes
she had support from a lot of
progressive publications that had been
focused on and writing about her she had
a very strong viral by a biographical ad
and then you know if you go through her
Twitter feed she talks about how she
really spent time day-in day-out for
close to two years in the district
talking to people who knew her father
talking to members of her community a
community that has evolved and grown and
as you pointed out and Steve pointed out
really changed the character of the
district but I think you want to think
about how this is going to be read going
forward there are going to be a lot more
Democrats I think who are going to look
more closely at whether they are being
too complacent I think there's going to
be a lot of reconsideration again
the Democratic Party establishment and
whether quite frankly the leadership of
the house as it stands now should really
consider whether or not they need to
make a change before the midterm
elections and Nancy Pelosi has been very
steadfast and very strident that she is
somebody who gets things done
legislatively that that her unpopularity
is something that just comes with the
territory that she is gonna be out there
campaigning and raising money I think
this is going to cause a lot of people
to raise their eyebrows and say hey you
know maybe we need to read this message
in a different way now of course the
flip side of the argument
is for the members who are in those 23
swing seats that Democrats will need if
they actually want to take back the
House of Representatives and this
message is not necessarily one that is
going to make it easier for people in
Midwestern states to win this woman is a
Democratic Socialist who ran on a
platform of abolishing ice that is music
to progressives in urban areas years not
so much in some of these Heartland areas
Brian our thanks to Casey hump we should
probably reference what's going on in
Orem Utah that's what a 75% that's what
that's what a 75% Mitt Romney primary
victory looks like behind Casey who is
there to cover that and lo and behold
the political news broke out in New York
tonight so - Casey hunt - Steve Kornacki
our thanks Steve we'll be talking to you
in just a few more minutes
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
