and so we begin once again tonight with
the babies where are the babies we still
don't know where are their parents the
Trump government arrested over 3,000
children and babies at the southern
border before the president announced a
change in that policy last week and
today according to Health and Human
Services Secretary Alex azar there are
still two thousand 47 migrant children
in federal custody after being separated
from their parents secretary a czar was
scheduled to testify at a Senate Finance
Committee hearing on the urgent issue of
prescription drug prices today but the
top Democrat on the Finance Committee
Ron Wyden wanted to talk about something
even more urgent may not have been
reunified so they would be unified with
either parents or other relatives under
our policies of course if the parent
remains in detention unfortunately under
rules that are set by Congress and the
courts they can't be reunified while
they're in detention the answer is zero
I mean no no they have no we vet we've
had hundreds of children who had been
separated who are now with for instance
if there was an i1 Erin who's here in
the country I wanted to know about the
children in your department's custody
how many of them have been reunified
well that's exactly what I'm saying they
have been placed with a parent or other
relative whose men United state many
several hundred of the two thousand
three hundred plus that with that weed
that came into our care harmonium 20 47
20 47 okay so that means so far this
week Health and Human Services have
helped in some unknown way exactly six
children because this weekend Health and
Human Services Department said that they
had two thousand fifty three migrant
children in custody this morning the
secretary said they had only six less
than that 2047 today seventeen states in
the district the District of Columbia
asked a federal judge to bar the Trump
administration from separating children
and their parents who cross the southern
border the Washington Post reports that
the state attorneys general are quote
asserting in a lawsuit that the practice
was an affront to States sovereign
interests in enforcing their laws
governing minimum standards of care for
children leading up our discussion now
Jacob Soboroff MSNBC correspondent and
Hillary bass president of the American
Bar Association she observed immigration
court proceedings today in McAllen Texas
and met with parents separated from
their children in Port Isabel Jacob your
assessment of what you heard from the
Secretary of Human Services today and
what it means about what's going on on
the southern border well we don't know
Lawrence if six is actually the right
number of children reunited by HHS we
had an absolutely bizarre press
conference call with HHS today where
Lisa de chardin from the PBS Newshour
asked repeatedly three times in a row of
HHS officials are you still receiving
separated kids and HHS refused three
times in a row to answer that question
so we don't know if six means those are
the only number of kids who have been
reunited we don't know if they are
actually receiving new children and more
children are being reunited than only
six but I do ours I just want to read
you something I got in my email 36 four
went on the air this is new from HHS
they're confirming to me that we receive
separated kids when there is credible
jeopardy or criminality so yes we will
still receive separated kids this is not
the circumstance under which the Trump
administration was separating children
but HHS has just confirmed to me
separated kids are still coming in which
is why there's some cute confusion with
the number of kids they still have in
their custody they say it's 2047 as of
tonight so Jacob just to clarify even if
the Trump policy has been stopped even
if they've stopped doing that there
would still be in the normal course of
business as there was in the past some
separated children at the border if the
parent is found to have a criminal
record that indicates that that parent
needs to be separated from the child or
some other reason that's exactly right
and so that's what they are telling me
tonight another fascinating thing that
we heard on this call is that number
522 kids who have been reunited so far
it was confirmed again to us tonight
that number of children that have been
reunited were not actually reunited by
HHS they were reunited by CBP so that
means the number again of children
reunited with their parents they were
taken away from their parents by this
policy maybe only a handful by by HHS
they may not have reunited any as far as
we know until we get this number sorted
out with the children that are still
being separated coming in versus the
children that are going out still so
many questions that they haven't
answered and Hillary Beth's reunited is
being used now but it doesn't
necessarily mean reunited with a parent
in some cases they're talking about
having these children go to some other
relative in the United States
that's correct Lawrence and we also
spoke to a number of women today who
indicated that they had provided
information about sponsors in the u.s.
for their separated children one had a
husband who was documented and lived in
the United States and she indicated from
the first day that she was brought into
detention she informed them that she had
a husband in the United States and that
her children should be given to the
husband and yet despite that after four
weeks of being in detention
there's been no effort to reunite the
children with their father so there are
all kinds of stories that we heard today
that really reflect the lack of
transparency in this process these women
who are in detention many of them have
not heard from their children they don't
know where their children are and no one
is telling them what the process will be
to allow them to be reunified some went
so far as to tell us we know we have
legitimate asylum claims we would give
it all up if you will just return us to
our children and that's a scary thought
because that would seem to indicate that
people with legitimate basis to be in
the United States legally are going to
give up those rights just to be
prevented just so that they can be back
with their children we have a graphic on
the bottom of the screen age
jes 2047 separated children still in
custody I would respectfully submit it
should say a Chet's HHS says 2047
separated children still in custody
because Hillary best we don't know is
Jacob Soboroff just said we can't trust
the numbers coming out we can report
what they say and a tribute to them that
they have said it but but but Hillary
best how will we is there a legal way do
lawyers have a strategy for trying to
amass a case data from around the
country and figure out an independent
source of real numbers well as I told
these sobbing women today American
lawyers will not rest until every one of
them is reunified with their children
and so we are seeking volunteer
attorneys both to represent the parents
in South Texas as well as the children
in whatever city in the United States
they are to evaluate their legal claims
and to ensure that there is someone who
will be their advocate to do everything
possible to ensure that they will be
reunified with their parents what did
you see an immigration court today does
it look like a changed policy is in
place immigration court there were 75
people each of which got to spend about
two minutes with a public defender to
tell them the rights they were waiving
by virtue of going through this criminal
process and admitting guilt for having
illegally crossed the border but mind
you this is a direct result of a
zero-tolerance policy previously many of
these people would have been immediately
deported if they didn't have a basis for
an asylum claim without going through
this kangaroo court of 75 people walking
in and raising their right hand and all
saying yes they were guilty of illegally
crossing the border will accomplish
anything
Jacob do we have a total do we have a
real total number because the media has
been using this number 2,000 small low
end of the 2000s that was a June 9th
number and the policy went on for
another two weeks after that
have they as the federal government ever
released a total number of children who
they separated no and and actually
Lawrence it's not just on the back end
it's on the front end as well you know
we have been told that that policy
before it was announced was sort of
unofficially in place parents were
getting separated from their children
for the simple act of the misdemeanor of
crossing over the border before the
official policy actually was enacted and
I just want to say something about what
you said earlier but independent
verification I spent the day on the
phone back in Los Angeles spent the day
on the phone here with immigrants rights
groups on the ground I think the biggest
Central American population in the
country if I'm not mistaken is here in
Los Angeles and those groups are not
able to independently verify the numbers
of separated children that are on the
ground in our our facilities here even
the ones that have their numbers on the
wall in those facilities in order for
those immigrants to be able to make a
call to those groups if they need a mat
is all still being worked out here on
the on the back end by the groups that
are supposed to be the ones looking out
for these folks and Hilary bass at what
point might these parents lose their
parental rights and lose their children
to an adoption process that they cannot
control the the big concern is that
these parents get deported
while their children are in some distant
City and since we have reason to believe
that these records are not accurate some
of those children may have been
identified as unaccompanied when in fact
they were accompanied with the parent
but they were separated at the border
and it's unclear that any of the
documentation that the government
bureaucracies currently have is accurate
in really telling us which parent goes
with which child and Jacob when I was in
Texas I saw a sheet handed out by local
community organizers who were trying to
track this and the sheet indicated the
kind of children who they believed were
held at various facilities the name of
the facility and it would say boys ages
12 to 17 something like that or girls
do as the the government handed out any
official document of that kind and
indicated where it within that kind of
outline where babies infant babies and
nursing babies are no absolutely not and
in fact they're really the only way or
one of the only ways we're able to try
to suss out where folks are who they are
and how old they are is through the
local jurisdictions responsible for
licensing these operations and just like
the Texas Department of Public Health
you know had issued the license to
operate Casa Padre the giant shelter
that I went into that was in a former
Walmart with 1500 boys you know for
instance if there is one of those
shelters or more of them here in the
city or the County of Los Angeles the
county or the city health department or
some other department would have to
license those facilities to operate so
if you really want to figure it out you
basically have to call up all of these
local jurisdictions see what these
facilities are licensed for and then dig
deeper based on you know that limited
information we're able to get at this
point well some observers told me at
Casa Presidente for example in
Brownsville that they saw diapers they
saw a large delivery of diapers we're
going in and they believed that they saw
soiled diapers coming out and that's the
kind of evidence they're working with
down there trying to piece this together
Jacob Soboroff Hillary bass thank you
both very much for joining us really
appreciate it thanks Lawrence thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
