my next guest is a longtime Republican
strategist who's worked at the highest
levels of that party who just quit the
GOP after almost 30 years over the
president's immigration policy
specifically family separation an
impassioned tweet storm last week Steve
Schmidt wrote this independent voter
will be aligned with the only party left
in America that stands for what is right
and decent and remains fidelity to our
republic objective truth the rule of law
and our allies that party is the
Democratic Party and then some you see
contribute Steve's printer anything
right here great to have you here good
Chris so first I want to talk about that
the the kind of breaking point for you
you know you've been a never Trump or
that's been clear you have us you know
there's there's a group of people that I
think have very strong views about this
individual this president his character
and then there's a question at which
point that that becomes true about
everyone in league with him what was the
breaking point well I had the experience
on June the 5th standing on Juno Beach
and spending time in the canadian
cemetery spending time at pegasus bridge
where the british 6th airborne leptin
and understanding the value of the
us-led liberal global order that emerged
from the aftermath of humanity's
greatest tragedy which killed 80 million
people and left the world in ruins that
liberal global order is worth defending
this president is an autocrat he is not
a small d-- Democrat he doesn't believe
in liberal democracy and what we're
seeing here every day are five behaviors
one he incites fervor in a base through
constant lying - he scapegoats minority
populations and he afix his blame for
complex problems to them in them alone
three he alleges conspiracies that are
hidden in in nefarious and linked to
those scapegoated populations for he
spreads a sense of victimizations among
those fervent supporters and five he
asserts the need
to exert heretofore unprecedented power
to protect his victim class from the
conspiracies and the scapegoated
populations through all of history you
understand to Tollett Arianism you
understand how democracies fall you will
find those five behaviors now the
Republican Party and the Democratic
Party I would argue and you and I
disagree on many many things so we are
fidelity's to liberal democracy that's
right that government of the people by
the people for the people must continue
and the Republican Party has advocated
conservatism has become synonymous with
obedience to the leader a leader who
says I am the law I am above the law I
will define what truth is truth is what
the leader says it is not what we would
have recognized months ago is objective
truth and so the Republican Party has
become a threat to liberal democracy and
all over the world we see a regression
in Poland in Hungary of the rise of
far-right ethno nationalist parties in
the last time this happened it unleashed
the tragedy the likes of which the world
has never seen and I think there's a
real lack of imagination in this country
about how fragile these institutions are
and about how dangerous a president is
unprepared as authoritarian as ignorant
is he the damage that he would be able
to cause you know I that's incredibly
well said and and when I think about
this and I think about those behaviors
right they seem to obvious right I mean
the way this is and here you have today
the court I mean this is what I found so
fascinating at the course decision
because really the if Donald Trump
wasn't Donald Trump and President Marco
Rubio and day one hadn't said all those
things and he puts in this ban it almost
certainly it's not even a question right
I mean the question is does what this
guy has said and the bigotry he's
espoused taint in a kind of unfixable
way constitutionally this ban
we all know what it was about we all saw
it happen in real time
and it's remarkable maybe that you have
Gorsuch and roberts who's someone that I
think you've worked on his confirmation
or about the confirmation basically
doing a kind of sophisticated judicial
version of the Paul Ryan I didn't read
the tweet yeah right because like world
they'll read the paper they all know
it's on the facts of the case like the
the intent was perfectly clear this was
a religious test this was a religious
ban this was what he said it was we
should take him seriously when he says
things and so this is as unamerican of
policy as we have ever seen we have
freedom of religion in this country and
and this is also true this decision
harms the national security of this
country in a profound way the forces of
Islamic radicalism of extremism are real
and dangerous but the only force that
can defeat it is moderate Islam this was
a gift to the extremists this was a
fulfillment of bin Laden's strategy
which was to precipitate a global
conflict a war of civilizations between
the west and between Islam we don't want
to be at war with a billion Muslims all
over the world in a 21st century crusade
and so the stigmatizing of good and
decent people in the insult given to the
Muslim soldiers who have served this
country who have sacrificed it is
appalling it also there's also a
similarity here and strikes me of what's
happening on the border and here right
in both cases you've got the president
talks about ms-13 he talks about Isis
right and those are two groups that are
both genuinely evil there's no outside
of people were inside 13 people are nice
as there's no real supporters of them
right then what he does policy-wise is
people fleeing Isis from Syria and
people fleeing the murders of ms-13 from
Guatemala trying to come to this country
who are saying like yes I thought
they're horrible please those are the
people that end up caught in the gears
of his demonization of those groups when
you look at a regression from democracy
to something less
and to to an autocracy but all through
history when you look at violations of
civil liberties they have always
occurred through a prism of fear I fear
is a contagion
you know it erodes democratic values and
institutions but always it's in the name
of security that civil liberties are
compromised and that lesson has been
learned through history and here we are
repeating it again and the moral shame
that comes from internment camps and
that's precisely what they are for
toddlers and children who are stripped
away some of those children stripped
away from breastfeeding mothers it is a
shame that will linger a stench that
will linger around this vile
administration and my view for a century
is there I mean is there a political
constituency of voters and in the
country that feel the way you do I
really mean this like I don't know if
there is I mean there's Steve Schmidt's
there's Nicole Wallace there's Charlie
Sykes there are people that exist in the
world and Bret Stevens and are there
voters out there who look at what's
happening we're saying I'm a Republican
and I just can't abide this like I just
don't know it as an empirical matter if
they exist I think that there are acts
of kindness and decency that take place
every day in this country and I think
about the Las Vegas shooting where
Johnny Smith 33 year old
african-american runs into a hail of
gunfire and he saves 33 people's lives
he's running towards a group of school
kids to save them and he's shot twice in
the neck and then a white cop runs into
the gunfire to save Johnny Smith's life
that is also America you know the author
Alex Haley had a saying he said find the
good and praise it right nobody can
compete with Donald Trump in a vileness
contest he's the most vile nobody can
compete with Donald Trump innate
dishonesty contest because he's the most
dishonest we have to find the good and
praise it in this country free-market
American capitalism is worth defending
in my view liberal democracy is worth
defending the us-led liberal glue
order despite all of its flaws now it
has secured the piece it has lifted
billions of people on the planet out of
abject poverty into something
approaching prosperity over the last 73
years all of this is worth defending
it was architected by giants conceived
by FDR built by a plain-spoken man from
Independence Missouri Harry Truman
steward it from John Kennedy to Ronald
Reagan to Barack Obama in the departure
from it by this president his fetter
sizing autocrats and dictators from
Aragon to Putin to President gee it is
disturbing and our allies the people in
the world who we are connected to by
shared history by shared values are
rightly concerned but I do believe that
the American people don't want to live
in Trump a Stan yeah they want to
continue living in America and this is a
fundamental question in 2018 this is the
most important midterm election in
American history because if this is not
repudiated in November this country is
going down a track of not just decline
but a fundamental change that will be
very very difficult to change the
trajectory that we're on Steve Schmidt
it's great to have you here
thank you very to see you hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
