Trump on the attack not against Putin's
policies or Kim jong-un's human rights
abuses no he's hammering the comedian's
Jimmy Fallon calls me up and he's like a
nice guy he's lost he looks like a lost
soul
the guy at CBS's is what a low-life what
a lowlife
Jimmy Kimmel would meet me before the
election he would stand outside on the
sidewalk waiting for me now I wouldn't
do a show it guy's terrible weight on
them the Trump went further than that
both think about how he's willing to
laugh at himself
I mean honestly are these people funny
and I can laugh at myself if frankly if
I could not be in big trouble but
there's no talent he's not they're not
like talented people now we do have to
fact-check around here Trump claiming he
can laugh at himself has been
notoriously proven false in most
situations and are these people funny
well you decide talk about Donald Trump
much tonight and then he opened his
mouth and all manner of stupid came out
the tension of the entire weekend can be
summed up by this picture I believe it's
entitled still life with I watch Trump's
commencement speech and it sounded kind
of familiar see if you can tell what I
mean we take our next steps into the
world you must go forth into the world
it is the passion passion courage of
conviction courage in your convictions
most importantly have faith in yourself
be true to yourself join me now one of
the original kings of political comedy
DL Hughley he broke the scene as a comic
on HBO's iconic def Comedy Jam that show
of course also paved the way for our
friend Dave Chappelle and celebrated its
25th anniversary last year DL you tell a
lot of jokes what does it mean to you
when someone can't take a joke I think
that that density' self-indulgent I
think they just like when I see all the
things that are happening right now in
terms of civility I think that when you
have a president that is lower than
norms of civility you can when you call
people racist name and misogynist names
and xenophobic names you can't be
shocked when people that represent you
you know everybody's talking about how
Sarah Huckabee in the whole reading
thing but irony and how uncivil that was
but I remember when the tea party used
to come to Barack Obama's rallies and
outside armed you know whether they
started carrying guns so the the tone
for this kind of in this course is
happening for a very long time so it's
just disingenuous to pretend like you
haven't contributed to yeah you're
talking about that word that's become
kind of a flashpoint word civility
rights course these are things that when
we hear them sometimes it sounds like a
thing that people in power demand in a
one-way direction is that what you think
civility is the totally I can't
understand what it means but I can't say
this this president is racist too
homophobic xenophobic and I think it's
Lama phobic and so I think it's it's
he's definitely lowered the Bluebook on
the presidency so I think that we'll
never have presidents in a tradition
before I think that you can have
political ideological disagreements but
humanity like it like like you have you
know administrative officials
administration officials quoting the
same scripts or scriptures that were
used to keep black people slaves now
they're using it to keep young immigrant
children in cages and it's disingenuous
to pretend like you don't know that for
everybody
say I can understand supporting somebody
and you're not quite sure where they'll
go like everybody's you know well he's
gonna change in the primaries and he'll
change when he's broke he's exactly what
you said he was so now it's not blind
now you support him and I'm not saying
that everybody who supports Donald Trump
as the races but his supporters
definitely gonna think racism is a
disqualifier well you're sort of going
with Donald Trump to the Evan M tests I
am whatever you say I am and if I wasn't
why would I say I am Robin he's told us
who he is yeah but people gave him the
benefit of that you know for such a
plain-spoken man while there's so many
people trying to explain what he meant I
got I don't understand if he speaks his
mind all the time why are they all these
interpreters the bottom line if I was in
a guy in a car with somebody and I
committed a crime the reasonable
argument would be the person with me was
an accomplice and I think anybody who
votes for him in spite of all the things
that's done is it would have to be witty
accomplices it's just no way around
mm-hmm let me play for you the White
House Correspondents Dinner jokes
because I've been to that dinner it's a
mixed bag it's goofy but everyone I know
famous people people in media if they
get a joke from the president I mean an
either party right that's usually like a
WoW like you're big-timing likes a J
right exactly and that wasn't the
reaction that Donald Trump had to these
famous moments take a look Donald Trump
has been saying that he will run for
president as a Republican which is
surprising since I just assumed he was
running as a joke no one is prouder to
put this birth certificate matter to
rest than the Donald
and that's because he can finally get
back to focusing on the issues that
matter like did we fake the moon landing
what does it tell you that then as now
he has what appears to be a true deep
emotional problem with being roasted
well I think that you can see the way he
that he governs I don't think you can
see they were here interact with people
he's a bit of a bully I think that you
can come in to this administration with
a rather pristine reputation but you
don't leave that way and I think that
people are literally selling their souls
and somewhat of their reputation to
regular you could tell they don't
believe what they say
like one day Giuliani is saying that he
said a thing the next day I'm I don't
know what's harder for Julie able to
keep his teeth in his mouth go ahead
inside I don't know what's the heart of
him but everybody's definitely becoming
more more slimy and and and and dirtier
because they're hanging out and trying
to make things contort things that don't
make sense
look either we're a nation that believes
in laws or we don't but to to laud you
know Korean no Korean dictators and and
Russian dictators and then to denigrate
American football players is you know
they're they're tough guys and and and
these other guys are just sons of
bitches I think it's ridiculous and I
think it it's just more about us as a
country than it does about him right
well and you're going back to the the
core point which is what is the audience
what is the nation what do we want to do
about everything we're in this together
a perfect guest on this topic DL Hughley
thanks for coming thank you man hey I'm
already Melvin from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
