the president said more Republicans need
to be elected this November longtime
conservative columnist George F will
argue the opposite this weekend he wrote
many Republicans including House Speaker
Paul Ryan have quote become the
president's poodles poodles
the congressional Republican caucuses
must be substantially reduced he
continued so substantially that their
remnants reduced to minorities will be
stripped of the Constitution's article 1
powers that they have been to
invertebrate to use to invertebrate to
use against the current welder of
article two powers that's the president
they will then have leisure time to
wonder why they work so hard to achieve
membership and a legislature whose
unexercised muscles have atrophied
because of people like them what an
indictment nevertheless the latest
Gallup poll shows that nine of ten
Republicans approve of Donald Trump's
job as primary now co-author that tough
calm George F well you know Steve
Schmidt a man who run the campaign for
John McCain has made a operative similar
if not so literate endorsement of voting
Democrat this year by a Republican are
you saying now here on television that
people who vote this November should
vote for Democrats I'm saying that the
Republican Party is now so homogeneous
so thoroughly the Trump party
particularly after the episodes such as
his intervention in the South Carolina
primary against an incumbent congressman
of his own party mark syndrome in which
he successfully got him thrown out
because of insufficient abeyance to
trump that for that reason if you now
vote for Republican candidate you are
voting essentially to you can't pretend
there's pluralism you're voting to
affirm this man in his in his leadership
of the party and I believe it's
important for the future such as it
might be of the Republican Party that
they pay a terrible price for what
they're doing our people that you know
like Senator McConnell are they waiting
him out sure Senator McConnell says look
I have a job to do and I can exercise my
article one powers in collaboration with
his exercise of the article two
hours to change the nature of this
article three institutions in the
country the federal courts Senator
McConnell rightly says often we in the
senator and the personnel business it is
our job and the powers of advice and
consent to shape the federal government
any proceeds do that knowing that the
president is not his choice well you
know it's not like a new Pharaoh came to
Egypt a new Pharaoh because the fact of
the matter is they have article one
powers over the president why doesn't
McConnell challenge the president why
don't the Republican Party challenge him
if he's this Bonapartist or this
Cromwellian figure that's just come in
for for eight years or maybe just four
why don't they take him on an excellent
question Democrats took on Jimmy Carter
I can tell you I was there they were
quite willing under Kennedy and others
to just challenge the president didn't
agree with but finally precipitated the
column we're talking about was the
Senate's unwillingness to even vote on
an amendment by Senator corker of
Tennessee who of course is leaving an
amendment with which a hundred percent
of Republicans I'm sure in private agree
that as he said we should say that
stipulate that any tariffs imposed in
the name of national security have to be
voted on yeah by the Senate well I think
to me agrees with that anyway today's
Utah primary hat is tonight former
presidential came it Romney's trying to
win the Republican nomination for
Senator out there
Romney was wanted president from
strongest Republicans Republican
antagonist during the 2016 campaign
let's watch all that there's plenty of
evidence that mr. Trump is a con man a
fake he's playing the members of the
American public for suckers he gets a
free ride to the White House and all we
get is a lousy hand mitt is a failed
candidate he failed he failed horribly
that was a race that absolutely should
have been run and I don't know what
happened to him
he creates scapegoats and Muslims and
Mexican immigrants he calls for the use
of torture this is the very brand of
anger that has led other nations into
the abyss and he walks like a penguin
onto the stage you ever seen like a
penguin
of course Romney pulled back on his
rhetoric when he was being considered by
Trump for Secretary of State
here's what he said recently when asked
whether he would continue to
call out the president if he wins that
Senate seat in Utah let's watch I
believe I've made it pretty clear that
I'll stand with President Trump if the
policies he's proposing are good for the
state of Utah for other states for the
nation on the other hand if you were to
say something that is divisive and
significant something which were racist
or anti-woman
or anti-immigrant than I feel a moral
responsibility to speak out should we
count on that man Mitt Romney to stand
up against Trump one moral issues under
which Romney shows up whether it's the
Romney of that blistering speech which
you just said an excerpt or the Romney
who I think was being toyed with by the
president when he thought he was being
considered for Secretary of State for
frog legs did he made a fool out of him
and he bowed down to get the frog legs
to get to be secretary stand Trump then
did as you suggest on purpose humiliated
him Mitt Romney is a gentleman a man of
exquisitely good manners and exquisite
the good manners will avail you nothing
in a knife fight
you know he says whenever mr. Trump says
something to visit a racist or offensive
he's going to speak out he's gonna be
speaking out a lot but I wouldn't count
on that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
