but today Bloomberg News reported that
Moe is also preparing to accelerate
that's the word his probe into possible
collusion between the Trump campaign and
the Kremlin which is really the heart of
the matter here according to a person
familiar with the investigation mower
and his team of prosecutors and
investigators have an eye to are
producing conclusions and possible
indictments related to the collusion by
fall well that's of course to September
NBC News is not independently verified
that reporter we learned last week of a
third Trump campaign contact with a
Russian offering dirt on Hillary Clinton
the same old pattern all three of those
overtures by the way occurred between
late April and early June of 2016 that
would be spring of 2016 before the
public learned that the DNC had been
hacked by Russian intelligence well
furthermore they're now at least 13
Trump associates who are known to have
had suspicious contacts with Russians
and its latest book the plot to destroy
democracy MSNBC analyst Malcolm Nancy
Dome well rights any final assessment by
a trained intelligence professional
would conclude the Trump was a spies
dream that's his words in his book
however the only person who knows
whether there's hard evidence to prove
Trump engaged the conspiracy with Russia
as of now is robert mower the man I call
the iceberg
joining me right now is the author of
that book Mac up Nance and Cynthia
accidie is a former federal prosecutor
first I want to go to you Malcolm you're
the expert on this but all I won't
Cynthia knows prosecution very
excellently what does it mean when I
when the word comes out thanks to
Bloomberg that this prosecutor robert
mower has plans to move this thing to
skate it along and perhaps come up with
a report not just an obstruction
sometime in the next several months but
by the end of the year in the fall they
report on collusion with the Russians
involved the the Trump people well you
know it's been said by friends of Robert
Muller that his favorite hobby is
putting people in prison and I don't
think that he's going to have a problem
at all
if he has the evidence to bring at least
part of the conspiracy charges involving
people having contacts with known
intelligence officers together and to be
able to at least for in the first phase
go after
who were the initial dirty-tricks teams
who may have worked with Russia to
support the Trump election that will
involve of course more indictments we no
man affords trial is coming up and maybe
he will turn we don't know about that
but robert muller is on and if he's
going to accelerate his schedule that
means we're gonna have a wild summer and
a lot and someone is gonna go to jail
he's not going to allow that to lapse
well synthy one thing we know in the
knowing world maybe not counting trumped
in the knowing world is that the
Russians had an elaborate conspiracy to
screw with our election of 2016
and had somebody point somebody you know
pieces store like an octopus all these
arms coming into everything social media
election machinery everything people
around Trump people that were words from
people who have American Russian sort of
connections all these efforts and they
have matched up in many cases we said
with a lot of people who were reaching
their arms out to do they squid like
arms coming out then they were reaching
grabbing them and connecting with them
right there's a Russian under every rock
I would agree with Malcolm that if
something is going to happen before
September it's going to be sort of on
the outside segments because on the
inside the heart of it you know we read
this and we think oh boy maybe there's
something up with Don junior or Roger
stone or Kushner and my experience would
tell me that isn't coming before
September that it would be something
more on the outside you know there are
larger stone I don't know about Roger
stone he hasn't been interviewed with
gates
Banta fort I'm surprised has been
flipped yet he's sitting in the Central
Jail in Michael he's flipped and
remember that Muller has a lot of
information from Flynn and he has a lot
of information already from Cohen and
it's only a matter of time before Cohen
flips and because of the weight of 20 or
30 years he's looking at know yeah
because of the weight and because he had
enough information to indict him at the
time he did the search warrants because
the search warrant was so broad and he
was such an important person that would
have moved up the chain through justice
and that def I would definitely say
there's a have you been around long
enough to know what the look of the I in
the eyes of a person about the flip
heavyweight I've just been reading it
for him the Bell Tolls and I take
Hemingway
whether you do or not he talked to the
Spanish Spanish Civil War he said you
could see in Pablo one of his colleagues
and arms he saw the sadness and in his
eyes and he said this guy's gonna flip
he's going to betray us and he did what
I think the book yeah but I think what I
see is a guy who had a very good
congressional fixer lawyer and has now
switched to a lawyer who specializes in
the United States Attorney's Office in
the Southern District and I also see a
guy who has all the incentive and I see
a guy's been dissed and disrespected by
the president and that to me is a recipe
for flipping and it to me it's only a
matter of time but that's why I think we
will not see the indictments before
September because there's too many
little pieces to fall and people who
haven't been interviewed that's what's
really interesting for for court
Watchers if you look at the
investigation some people haven't been
interviewed and those people have a
problem well this comes up in new
reports on the continued threat that
Russia poses to our elections they can
continue threat political reports
Republican and Democratic lawmakers say
the Trump administration is keeping them
in the dark about where the u.s. is
ready to deal with Russian interference
in the coming midterms this November by
the way the campaigns are underway we're
getting toward the election quote a half
dozen senior House and Senate lawmakers
say they're hearing only an alarming
silence from the administration about
what Moscow Moscow's trolls and hackers
are up to
Malcolm nets to it that's the question
for you what do you think what's your
hearing on this are we trying to prevent
this all from happening again in 18
which is now no we're not we're not
trying to prevent it because you know we
have one half of this nation has been
told not to believe anything related to
the hacking of the you know the DNC to
have anything to do with Donald Trump in
the Republican Party they control the
government and they have convinced the
people inside the government to do just
the minimal things that they had been
doing before there was no moon shot here
to defend American democracy there was
no effort whatsoever to defend this
nation from another hacking now maybe
it's not a hacking in the sense of the
DNC
maybe it's individual emails like the
Podesta campaign Haddock
to them but we might see a wave of
compliment of you know compromising
information intended to you know
blackmail or coerce people during the
run-up to this campaign that work a lot
the US news media is it a dagger at the
throat for that and I expect fully
expect to see that happen in the run-up
to the campaign well there's some cats
on the Hot Tin Roof here and you notice
Roger stone got a little skittish last
week and I'm wondering with that and he
comes out and said oh yeah I did have
contact with the Russian does that in
any way indemnify him or protect him
from prosecution that come out in public
say okay I'll admit it before I get
indicted I did have something to do with
the Russians Malcolm knows that contact
there's no I don't think that rejects
him at all you know the funny thing
about Roger stone I met Roger stone last
year is that you know everything that he
said during the campaign was designed to
puff him up to make him look like the
ultimate insider I think there's a I
think there's a reason he hasn't been
invested he hasn't been interviewed yet
by the Muller team and he's already
denying a lot of the stuff that he said
his contacts with WikiLeaks he just
doesn't want to be caught out as a
conman
he just doesn't want to be caught out as
a fraud I think he liked the tea I think
he likes the cheese and then doner aya
tea because it makes him in a very
important figure in this Trump world I
nobody wants to be indicted he basically
went into the Congress and lied and said
he hadn't had Russian contacts and then
when Muller had the notes proving that
he had that Russian meeting with a guy
where they offered him dirt on Hillary
Clinton he was just basically too cheap
to pay for it they wanted two million
bucks then he went in now he wants to
you know change his testimony well
that's not gonna fool Bob Muller so just
remember does Saddam Hussein pretended
he had WMD they did put onto him Thank
You Malcolm dance Thank You Cynthia iyx
knee up hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
