let me start with the politics of this
thing what's the court ruling five to
four no surprise all Republicans against
four Democrats basically the same kind
of running that the support we've had
for years now giving Trump a silver
approval on his travel ban which was
basically intended as a Muslim ban well
the word that his aides want people to
know is vindication that's what they're
saying but it's been the case Trump
feels compassion there's not exactly so
but but Trump theoretically I think
understood the value of having a
conservative stacked Court and obviously
he released the list of his justices
during the campaign and felt that
contributed to his victory but this is
the first time he's seen a really
tangible result of that conservative
career a so this is aimed at Muslims or
was aimed at Muslims but now he's got a
free-fire zone for everybody does this
smell like he's got what he wants which
is a seal of approval do what you're
doing mr. president the court said
that's exactly right and I think that
under this president what we're seeing
is a massive revamping of our
immigration policy he basically not only
removed daca but he's also removed TP a
temporary protective status this
basically allows that part of that
immigration narrative if the Republic if
Trump continues to sit down this course
we're gonna have roughly about four
million people that were documented
today Chris undocumented undocumented by
2020 so what we need is Congress to act
to ensure that they are rescinding that
but I think the biggest challenge here
how do you take take away documentation
I know you could do that yeah so
basically so temporary temporary pros
but it's but there's a whole slew there
let's talk politics for a second I'm
saying these numbers I appreciate that
but it seems to me Trump has made a
calculated white-only campaign
it's basically said okay I'm gonna speak
dismissively of all kinds of ethnic
groups but I'm going in front of a white
audience I'm gonna sell myself I'm gonna
get a hundred percent of the white so
what he's aiming at some absurd
percentage and he doesn't care if he
gets Hispanic voice doesn't care if he
gets the the moral number of Muslim or
Asian votes he acts like he doesn't care
they exist rapists and everything else I
don't think that's wrong but I think
what his miscalculation is that the
majority of Americans are not siding
with him including people that are that
are white there we have to keep women 90
percent of the Republican Party are back
them down the road I mean nine out of
ten right but you
to remember three million Americans
voted differently they didn't vote for
this candidate you have 93 million
Americans who voted out who's marching
right now from since the woman's marks
either likelihood people that not only
voted but people let's set it out and
are saying wait a second
not the dur I think he's calculating
Susan Latino voters not voting very
strongly in 2018 yes that's absolutely
he's carrying on and we've seen in off
year elections like a lot of different
Democratic bloc's Latino voting people
young people they don't show up in mitt
in midterm elections he I agree with you
he is using race as a motivator for his
people to turn out what I think the
miscalculation that he's making for 2018
is that he is actually they're not
coming out for him and he doesn't
translate to down ballot candidates as
much as he thinks he does so you're
looking at the suburbs you're looking at
white suburban women they have a problem
and they have learned whether it's this
decision or waking up every day and
seeing this man in the White House
elections have consequences that's why
they're sure the way what you just said
about white women or whatever the
suburbs better off somewhat better off
than average women in the burbs I
thought they would come out and I
thought they would bring their husbands
out in 16 all to vote against Trump and
now that they've got a good look at the
guy you say they won't no I'm saying
they will show they will show up to vote
again okay a week after being on the
defensive for separating small children
from their parents the Trump
administration seems to be back on
offense
attacking Democrats let's watch that and
what we're looking for as Republicans I
can tell you is strong borders no crime
what the Democrats are looking at is
open borders which will bring tremendous
crime he's doing exactly what the
American people asked him to do and the
left doesn't like it they've made it
very clear that they don't want to work
with the president that they don't want
to fix our immigration system that
they'd rather have open borders and
rampant crime then work with the
President to create solutions I've never
seen a more blatant campaign message
board divisive because obviously the tax
cut which I've looked at that we had it
on last night gave very little help that
are working people out there men and
women at ball and go ahead they've said
let's try this hate thing right oh it's
working so Connor Lam when he
did his special election that's where
the Republicans first tested this whole
idea of the taxes is it going to work it
didn't stick so what they do you know
why didn't stick cuz nobody got any
money exactly well exactly right I mean
people were able to recognize that it
was a ruse so instead during the
primaries right after that the primaries
they ran fourteen thousand
anti-immigrant ads to move their base
into the primaries and in some cases it
worked and I think what we have to we
have to do a concerted effort of making
sure not only are we telling people
what's actually happening but this idea
that this is a democratic issue the
Democrats don't control any part of the
house his his legislative arm of his
party does so they have to actually step
up and actually pass some sort of a
memory which is exactly why he needs
those Smuts that smoke and mirror kind
of thing going on because not only did
the tax cuts not help people that
thought they were going to get it it's
good we're they're gonna see a financial
head on their pocket become October when
they get the rates for their health
insurance bills which premiums are going
we're talking red it's got all
bread-and-butter politics its Trump is
selling a new kind of politics which is
simple one message and my question is
will all the Republicans Canada or most
I'm running for reelection election
governor's Senate house are they giving
went and say close and close where
Democrats are all for open borders in
crime well they all sing that song some
of them won't some of them don't want
Trump anywhere near the district Carlos
Cabello some of these vulnerable in
swing districts no way they're going to
just listen to Trump's message but just
back to your original point Steve Bannon
used to say to me you said it to me so
many times
fear is the best emotions the most
powerful emotion fear wins elections and
Corey Lewandowski Trump's former
campaign manager says this job yes sure
today I'm sure but he has the same
attitude he said the other day the
voters aren't going to come out to vote
if you just say thank you to say thank
you for the tax cut you need to rev them
up with something and I don't think
Trump articulates this stuff I don't
think he thinks about it in this sort of
like well what a white suburban women
going to do but he understands at a gut
level that this money for for a group of
a Republican base of his base does but I
also think that the majority of
Americans they're getting a little tired
they they are getting drained and
exhausted numbers don't show your choice
don't in that same level 40 to 45 back
and forward 40 it modulates but it never
really changes dubs too much stable it
doesn't move the thing doesn't move does
it I haven't seen him going down in the
30s he's up around four months away
right so four months is eons in anyway
you're predicting something's gonna
happen or saying it's happening people
turning off the Trump I don't see it I
think this hate thing is working for him
well it's again what are we looking at
we're looking at twenty four House seats
that's what it takes that's good okay so
that's the game in those home when the
house Trump wins last night president
Trump who likes to tout his own
accomplishments while digging past
presidents also took aim at former first
lady Laura Bush the librarian she's a
nice lady are you crazy
but with Trump here we go let's watch I
don't believe and I don't even think
it's close that any president has done
what we've done in five hundred days Hey
look I got a bad hand Ronald Reagan
couldn't get it nobody could I didn't
even want it until I heard everybody
else wanted it and I said it's like a
freebie and they were saying Hillary
Clinton could have done that I don't
think so
it was a disaster for Bush although we
very much appreciated Laura Bush's
lovely letter it was a disaster for
Obama well it has to do an end war up
there developing knee of the Arctic
Circle for exploitation that force
fossil fuels I suppose but why did he
take a shot on Laura Bush who everybody
likes because he's a petty person he
just he can't help himself and he likes
to take those shots because it makes him
feel strong and he has especially when
he has a crowd behind him and he gets
revved up and he likes to stick it to
everybody who's he feels it's a master
of trolling if it's not Trump it's Mitch
McConnell yes it is Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell political team took a
victory lap after today's Supreme Court
ruling tweeting this picture of the
senator with justice Neel Gorsuch of
course Khanna who was frequently called
the Democrats obstructionists famously
blocked the nomination of former
President Barack Obama's Supreme Court
picked Merrick garland back in 62 just
two years ago how do Republicans managed
to
to forget that the Democrats you know
one of the bill and immigration and
thirteen they wouldn't bring it up in
the house they wanted to vote on their
Supreme Court nominee they wouldn't
bring it up they wanted to finish the
recount in Florida they wouldn't let him
do it and yet the Republicans called the
Democrats obstructionists memory zero
zero memory I'm shocked it's the thing
he's most proud of Mitch McConnell by
far obstructing Merrick garland delay is
absolutely what he's most he wasn't a
lefty no Marika it was a straight male
middle the highly this idea that they
that they led Mitch McConnell actually
roll over the Democrats less I would
actually put that on the feet of the
Democrats and the president what were
they gonna do he was running a thing you
have to play tough though you do and I
think that you have to be you have to be
able to me I mean I worked on the hill
you worked on Mitch is that you I think
sometimes you gotta say you break the
rules we we put consequences
Jonathan Swan sir the Jonathan Swan says
they'll Percy oh thank you Maria Theresa
who Kumar okay there are Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
