in confidence in their own calling and
competence economic political and
national security challenges proliferate
and they're made worse by the tendency
to turn inward the health of the
Democratic spirit itself is at issue and
the renewal of that spirit is the urgent
task at hand
I've spent a lot of time on my in my
farewell address talking about the state
of our democracy it goes without saying
that essential to that is a free press
that is part of how this place this
country this grand experiment
self-government has to work it doesn't
work if we don't have a well informed
citizenry and you are the conduit
through which they receive the
information about what's taking place in
the halls of power so America needs you
and our democracy needs you that
democracy that our previous president
spoke of the bedrock principle that
defies party lines are used to is in
danger according to a new poll
commissioned by former President George
W Bush and former Vice President Joe
Biden half half of Americans think the
u.s. is in real danger of becoming a non
democratic authoritarian country the
soul continues 8 and 10 Americans say
they are either very or somewhat
concerned about the condition of our
democracy Donny Deutsch joins the
conversation here react I mean I've been
reading polls my whole career I've never
seen a poll on democracy in America that
shows that many Americans think our
democracy is in decline what did I text
you this morning well I texted you that
after the Supreme Court ruling that my
stomach hurt I got a stomach ache what
happened today is is such a stunning
exclamation point of why those fifty
percent should be worried and the other
50 percent should really stand up and
pay attention what happened in that
decision they basically said our
president who we know his judgment and
the way he does thing it's how he does
thing basically has the latitude now in
the name of national security to make
any decision he wants that's what that
Supreme Court ruling said to me that
that's the justification we know where
he came from we know where he started we
know the race
bias that's scary to me that's scary
that if six months from now he decides
he doesn't like Israel and Jews are
getting little yappity people like me we
speak too much he thinks it's not good
for national security no I know that's
not gonna happen but that's the math
that's that's what's going on here
our fundamental bedrocks of who we are
of checks and balances this is a man
that would not want the Free Press
thinks the traditional and the
intelligence community should report to
him I think she should be able to
overturn any any special investigation
we're headed there you know you look at
the traces of early autocratic regimes
this stuff that's happening now is that
and what happens is there you give
enough people little nuggets of what
they want he takes them the wealthy New
York or some of my friends will give you
tax cuts so we'll overlook you a kid
some kids on board yeah you know what
will will make sure these guys are happy
over here and everybody always starts to
overlook one little thing one little
chink one little chink in the armor and
then all of a sudden we're not who we
are and we are on our way I am so
saddened and sickened by today and
that's why that poll is where it is and
Frank one former president said to me
one so you don't lurch into autocracy
you slide there one freedom at a time
are we on our way are we sliding there I
mean is this crisis at the border have
we slipped into something different are
we still who we thought we were 17
months ago one thing that's really got
my attention in my concern Nicole is the
president's assertion that we may not
need judges and courts to handle the
deposition the disposition of cases at
the border and even Sarah Huckabee
Sanders saying from her podium there's
different kinds of due process you don't
have to go through the court system
necessarily for due process that really
troubles me because that takes us on
this slippery slope where certain people
don't need to get to see the court
system we're all about the court system
in this country we're all about a fair
objective hearing of your case your
issues and if we start to say there are
certain groups of people who don't merit
the protections of the system
we're on a slippery slope away from our
democracy and what we stand for and what
we believe in and this seems to go
beyond you know Trump hysteria this
seems to go toward why why are people
asleep at the switch when we're talking
about depriving entrance into this
country due process why are Republicans
complicit when a president sort of
returns to his worse primal instincts
the ones that they attack I remember
Lindsey Graham in the primary debates
when there were still 437 Republicans
running looking into the camera and
apologizing to the family members of
every Muslim soldier for Donald Trump's
Muslim ban now he's essentially an asset
that Donald Trump runs as a puppet I
mean what has happened it is so
depressing to see our worst fears start
to be realized you know at the beginning
of the Trump presidency we were told so
frequently just give him a chance it's
your your own bias just give him a
chance you seem that you want him to
fail so people tried to give him some
space and give him a chance and I'm
sorry look at where that has gotten us
it's gotten us to this point of creeping
authoritarianism rampant corruption
you've got the nepotism with his own
family you've got the Russia
investigation swirling this is creeping
authoritarianism if there if it's ever
happened in this country and European
leaders reports in the Washington Post
today that there's overwhelming anxiety
Steve Schmidt and it's been punctuated
with very specific concerns that has a
profound impact of what our European
friends think he thinks about them this
is Joe Biden the consequence is
disastrous for our national security and
economic interest this is something I
know you read about and think about and
talk about a lot
maybe because they've sort of stared
this down in their towns maybe because
they've sort of see they see the
remnants they have a better sense of
history than we do in this country but
what do you think what do you think
Biden is getting at here what is this
moment this is a moment in time where
all around the world liberal democracy
is rolling back the tide is receding in
Hungary in Poland the rise of far-right
ethno
journalist parties in Germany in Austria
I said this before the election in
November 16 fascism did not rise in the
30s because it was strong it rose
because democracy was weak Vladimir
Putin's greatest strategic aim is to
break up the Western alliance and to
cross it can cause a crisis of faith in
democracy the lubricants of a Democratic
Society or trust faith and belief and
every day Donald Trump attacks trust
faith and belief in our institutions
with his assaults on the rule of law one
of the things that I think President
Bush was wrong about when he talked
about democracy during our tenure is
that what creates a Democratic Society
is elections elections do not create a
Democratic Society in many places they
create majoritarianism what creates a
Democratic Society is the rule of law
where minorities are protected from the
majority and that is all under assault
when you see a president attacking the
freedom of the press the First Amendment
institutions of fairness in the judicial
system this is cause to worry and when
you look at European leaders who have
seen the disaster within a human
lifespan that came from fascism that
came from totalitarianism the threat on
their door the great arsenal of
democracy
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
