welcome back tonight in meet the
midterms we have exclusive new poll
numbers from three critical battleground
states member control of the Senate it
is also on the line this year we got
numbers here they're gonna speak
directly to which party is off to what
kind of starting this so we start here
in Florida and this is a very
interesting number you're bill Nelson
the Democratic incumbent he is being
challenged by Rick Scott the Republican
governor there been a number of polls in
this race over the last couple of weeks
given sort of a conflicting view of
where things stand exactly you see our
brand new poll a four point lead here
for Nelson there had been one from
somewhere else the other day that had
Scott ahead so obviously Democrats
please see to see this one I think this
will be a marquee battle you know Scott
as somebody he's won for governor twice
narrow margins both times Nelson up here
has been in the Senate since 2000 so
interesting number there in the Florida
Senate race
how about Arizona now remember in
Arizona first there's a Republican
primary this is Jeff Flake he's not
running again Republican primary - after
the Senate out there martha mcsalley
this is the candidate that national
Republicans congresswoman absolutely
want to win this primary and you got
Kelly Ward she's run before you all know
the story about Joe Arpaio he's out
there as well
mcsalley a small lead in this poll now
here's the interesting thing
flash-forward to the general election
how do these two frontrunners match up
against the Democrat Christian cinema
actually cinema 11 ahead of mixed ally
10 that had a horde so I'm not seeing
any major difference there yeah of
course the theory of Republicans
nationally is that mcsalley will we're
better as a general election candidate
maybe then Kelly Ward would but right
now you see that matchup and then there
is Ohio sherrod Brown Democrat running
again out there a state Trump won a
state Trump won by 10 points how does
that one look sherrod Brown right now
over 50% double-digit lead over jim
renee see a democratic congressman there
and again there been a couple polls out
of ohio now suggesting sherrod Brown in
very good position a Democrat in a trump
state also by the way there is a
governor's race featuring some names you
may know in Ohio this year we have a
number on that too Mike DeWine remember
former Republican senator he is running
against member Cordray the CFPB
Elizabeth Warren probably one of her
favorite candidates on the ballot this
year we actually see DeWine leading in
this race right now so certainly as
governor's races go that'll be a hot one
this year but Democrats getting some
good news in our poll in Florida in
Arizona and in Ohio again they're gonna
need a very uphill for them if they want
to take over the Senate but those
numbers that gets them off at least to a
starts in the direction they want to be
going in hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more beat the press content
every morning in the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
