new details this morning about the
migrant children who have been separated
from their parents at the us-mexico
border Health and Human Services
Secretary Alex azar now says there are
currently two thousand and forty seven
children in the care of his department
that numbers down from the more than
2,300 originally taken from their
parents
it comes as we get our first look inside
a facility that's housing some of these
children and it's real life unfiltered
video not the sanitized pictures that
were provided by the US government this
video first seen on the Rachel Maddow
Show was secretly recorded last week by
a teacher from chi yoga centers in New
York the center is a little different
from what we've been seeing the children
stay here only during the day and sleep
at the homes of foster parents at night
the teacher who wants to remain
anonymous says she started investigating
after seeing a large influx of young
children coming alone to the center and
discovered many were separated from
their parents at the border though we
should note we don't know the background
of every child seen in the video the
woman quit her job on Friday and is
critical of the separation policy she
describes the some of the emotionless
interactions between the teachers and
children telling MSNBC quote we are not
allowed to know what's going on with the
child we're not allowed to ask any of
the kids questions if the child is not
okay the only thing we're allowed to ask
is do you want to speak to your case
manager do you want to speak to your
clinician this is not okay she adds
we're not allowed to hug the kids were
not allowed to touch them at all I
decided not to follow the rule this week
this week I hugged them I don't care
anymore
in this clip provided by the former
teacher a young girl cries for her
mother it's not known why they were
separated
you know somebody
whereas hablar con tu mama
KSK Yamato trabajo si como te llamas
Jessica
- Vinny says come to mama no mr. solo
- hermano
Carmen cuantos anos gentlemen
yes dad agua
you know my mother
I mean me that I'll sue what's ours all
my stuff
then losses gallops and others and
Castile is that
Betina fellow hablado con man
okay that's a wonderful ultima vez que
los de comida
joining me now is MSNBC's mariana tensio
who's been covering the story for weeks
now dr. Jennifer havens is the director
of child psychiatry at the Bellevue
Hospital Center she's overseeing doctors
treating separated migrant children in
New York City and dr. Jamie Howard is a
clinical psychologist with the child
mind Institute thank you to all of you
for being here
Mariana you've seen something different
you've also been on the road and you've
spoken to children who have been
separated from the parents I spent the
whole last week alley talking to
children like the one in the video
children who were separated from their
parents at the border and it is so
traumatizing what they've lived through
that I don't think we can even begin to
grasp the trauma that these children
have experienced because they're doubly
traumatized it's the violence that
they're fleeing from it's the harrowing
journey and then when they think that
they've crossed over the finish line
then they get torn from their parents
some kids telling me they weren't given
an explanation as to why they were being
separated when they were gonna be able
to see their parents again
I spoke to kids who had been separated
from their parents for five six days and
sometimes I had to stop mid interview
because the kids were sobbing
uncontrollably I want to play a sound
bite for you of Ashley and her mom Wendy
Gonzalez they both came from Honduras
and they were both separated for five
days little Ashley it's ten this is my
conversation with them what is the most
painful
see also the process of breaking on the
facade what strikes you the most about
having been separated how many times you
get here porque solo maybe I have a I
could see her through some sort of fence
so I try to talk to her through that
fence I gave her so that she could be
strong talking to your mom through a
fence not being able to touch her it is
similar to the symptoms that I've seen
in kids when I've been to the Syrian
border Ally kids who are fleeing
dangerous situations they are in limbo
they've lost all of their belongings and
also you see the other end of the
spectrum which is they talk sometimes so
matter-of-fact about I don't really get
that and it's the sense of you know
their childhood their innocent yeah
dr. havens referring to that initial
clip that we watch from the Cayuga
centers you you found that very
disturbing that that little girl who was
being reported tell me what you saw when
you saw that well you know attachment
between parents and children is like air
it's a basic need we have right and
she's so distraught and so frightened
and you you heard her her emphasis she
just wants to talk to her mother she
just wants to know that her mother is
still there and that's the issue with
trying to help these kids is that you
know the classic approach to treating
traumatized kids as you make them safe
first right and there's no way this
child's gonna feel safe in the absence
of she's back with her parents
I mean having contact helps because yeah
that's a very young child i that looked
like maybe a 2 year old so you know that
they
heed contact so I know they're really
struggling to do that for these kids but
it's it's like taking away you know your
life source and we you know we don't we
don't separate children from their
parents unless we absolutely have to
show that the fact that there's a nicer
home somewhere else is not enough of a
cause children's attachment to their
parents is hardwired yeah hardwired dr.
Howard I think Mariana said something
very interesting it's not obvious that
these kids show signs of distress you
you are experts so you see it but kids
can look very resilient they can but we
don't want to be confused by behavior
that seems to be calm they're probably
having what we call a freeze response so
the fight flight freeze response goes
off after we're exposed to dangerous
uncertain situations and it can keep
going off and it can sort of make us
look numb and frozen or calm if we don't
know what we're actually looking at but
make no mistake these children are not
okay they're not calm they're not doing
well and and the younger the child the
more likely their only option they're
going to have in the face of a trauma is
freezing because they can't fight and
they can't flight excuse my grammar but
so a lot of when I see some of these
kids on TV the little ones it's when
it's like they're not there right
they've just gone away because yes the
emotions are so unbearable so the
teacher who said we're not allowed to
ask them questions we're not allowed to
touch them we're not allowed to hug them
how do you compensate for this if these
kids are separated from their parents
what is the best service we can offer
them to have contact that's that's how
they regulate their emotions right so
they really need that that hugging that
comfort from a kind adult who can give
them some information and physical
assurance and you know they need they're
worried about their parents that that's
you know their that and no matter how
young they are the kids are going to
worry where they are and they're given
the circumstances of what they're
fleeing from and what they just went
through they're also worried about their
parents you know that will be more
common in the older kids but but meaning
concern
they're worried they're worried about
their parents safety or their parents
yes and sometimes they're not even told
anything some of the families that I've
spoken to they weren't given an
explanation you know we're separating
you from for your mommy because of X Y Z
you'll be able to see her tomorrow
another thing Ally is that they're not
spoken to in their language this is not
only Spanish that these kids speak I
just got an urgent notice from the ISIS
organization one of the NGOs on the
ground
translators desperately needed for suppo
thick nawa mom all of these indigenous
languages that are spoken in countries
like like Guatemala and El Salvador and
Honduras right so to what degree this is
an interesting point when talking to
these kids to what degree do young kids
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten
can they handle the amount of
information this is a big deal right I
mean I'm not sure I would struggle with
the information that I'm separated from
my kids can these kids be told I always
tell kids the truth because they know
when you're lying
and you can't protect them from what
it's already been done to them they've
already wrenched away from them that's
the most reassuring thing you can do
other than getting in them in contact
and getting them is to tell them to the
extent that you can you know what what
is happening and I know the folks were I
know the folks working with these kids
in New York City are that's their goal
is to make the kids connected and safe
and you know the the clip you showed was
a teacher yeah now there there are
people in this building who know what's
going on with the kids and who are
working with the kids in their family
and who are working with the kids
clinically to try to help them teachers
don't have the same level of information
say that a case manager or clinician
would right and they're actually told
not to try to handle the kids mental
health problems so that that wasn't you
know an inhumane thing that's just the
way we watch hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
