I want to highlight the need for
civility in our country today the
rhetoric has become increasingly heated
over the last few years to levels where
Americans are you know getting tired of
it
a recent flashpoint of the partisan
angers White House press secretary Sarah
Sanders who said she and her family were
told to leave a restaurant because she
worked for President Trump on Monday she
addressed the episode in the White House
briefing room healthy debate on ideas
and political philosophy is important
America is a great country and our
ability to find solutions despite those
disagreements is what makes us unique
that is exactly what President Trump has
done for all Americans all right she
goes on to talk about the president's
economic policies but let's listen to
what kind of civility the president has
put out in the past two years you see
somebody getting ready to throw a tomato
knock the crap out of them would you
seriously okay
just knock the hell I promise you I will
pay for the legal fees I promise
the guards are very gentle with him he's
walking out like your big high fives
smiling laughing like to punch him in
the face I'll tell you I said please
don't be too nice like when you guys put
somebody in the car and you're
protecting their head you know the way
you put their hand of like don't hit
their head and they've just killed
somebody don't hit their head I said you
could take the hand away okay
I figured fake new CNN the worst so you
can tell that to your fake friends at
CNN the enemy the enemy of the people I
call so mr. president that type of talk
is resonating people are feeling more
divided they're more empowered to do
things like this confrontation near Los
Angeles
big romantic if we're honest people
right here
oh yeah the man pointed out to the woman
that he's a US citizen but regardless
that's not who we are as we approach the
4th of July we asked everyone from
regular people like that woman to the
President himself we don't need more
division more anger we need to
understand each other we need compassion
we need empathy we need the healthy
debate that Sarah Sanders mentioned and
it starts at the top
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
