it has been nearly four months since
Donald Trump was forced to reverse his
policy of forcibly separating migrant
children from their parents two weeks
ago the Trump administration reported
that 136 of those children are still in
custody still separated from their moms
and dads that includes three kids under
five years old today the administration
invited reporters to tour its density in
Tornillo
Texas where the government says it's
detaining migrant children who came
across the border without a parent
so-called unaccompanied minors this is
US government video of the facility
released today which was showing because
the media were not allowed to film
inside the detention camp this tent city
did not even exist at the start of this
year and it was initially designed to
house around 450 children it's been
dramatically expanded over the course of
the year as the Trump administration
systematically reduced the number of
children being released to live with
relatives or sponsors officials say the
camp now has around 3,800 beds and that
there are currently 1,500 kids aged 13
to 17 being held there they say children
who pass through the facility are kept
in the system at Tornillo or elsewhere
for an average of 59 days which is up
from the 30 days that was common for
unaccompanied children under the Obama
administration and joining me now from
outside the detention camp in Tornillo
is NBC News national security and
justice reporter Julia Ainsley who
toured the camp today Julia thank you
for being here thanks joy we've a little
bit of a delay so I was last in Tornillo
in the summer and since that time it is
obviously expanded greatly we saw that
video it looked very familiar to me I
wonder if as you were touring that
facility if unlike when we were there
when I was there before they allowed you
to talk to any children well yet you
know officially we're not supposed to
talk to any children they say that's
part of privacy reasons a big part of it
is because they want to show you that
government narrative if they want those
pictures out there they wanted to show
what is in a lot of ways normal teenage
life we saw kids playing soccer we saw
their
arts and crafts projects we saw you know
people could have getting together and
going to school like you would see any
normal teenager but we were able to talk
to a few children on the sidelines of
course we won't disclose their names for
their privacy reasons they are minors
after all though we really did get what
was at the heart of this there was a 16
year old girl from Guatemala that I had
a chance to talk to and she said when
she left her home joy she didn't even
know that the u.s. detained children she
thought as soon as she got to the United
States she would be able to join her
brother who's an adult living in Texas
and that she'd be able to claim asylum
that's what she was told when she left
her home she got here she was held for
two and a half months in Miami and now
she's been in Tornillo about a month and
she doesn't know when that day will come
she's confused she's a teenager trying
to navigate a really complex legal
system and speaking to her I think
really got to what's at the heart of all
of this you can have a clean facility
you can have it air conditions you can
teach school but these are children in a
very abnormal situation and it will
affect them the longer they stay here
child welfare advocates say these
children need to be in their homes and
as you pointed out this policy where we
require longer background checks even if
parents and if everyone in the household
is in large part to blame the commander
of this facility said as much today yeah
and just to be clear you know when when
parents are sending these children
unaccompanied this isn't it these
children are coming here expecting to be
on their own there is a person at the
other end of that circuit that the
parent is sending them to this cousin or
this brother or this auntie and it is
the u.s. that is creating this enormous
tent camp and instead of sending them to
that person they're putting them in a
camp there's nothing normal about
detention in a giant military camp when
you were there did you get to see the
phone facility because when we were
there there was a facility where kids
could call their families are these
children in any way in touch with their
families in the US
yes they are we understand that they can
make at least two calls a week they say
sometimes more a lot of children have a
phone number memorized because just like
you said Joey they were sent here to
reunite with someone that was going to
care for them on the other side of the
border once they got completed with that
trip so we understand guess they're
allowed to do that but we've also been
able to get in touch with some of those
parents and some of the sponsors who say
yes we can hear from them twice a week
but we are no closer to knowing when
that day will be we can take these
people into our homes they've given
their information to the FBI or they're
waiting to give their information to the
FBI but they really feel like they don't
have control over this process and I
will point out some of these tent
facilities did exist for a temporary
time under the Obama administration
primarily in 2014 we saw an influx of
children coming across the border just
like we do now it was actually much
higher than that was more of the record
numbers were about at a three-year third
record high this year but the reason
those existed was for a very temporary
part they only held them 30 days and got
them out very quickly now HHS says that
under those policies they couldn't be
sure that the children were going to a
safe home and that there was a handful
of people who came forward claiming to
be parents when they weren't but I think
a lot of advocates would tell you the
majority of these parents are telling
the truth and that the child should be
in the home with them and no matter how
much communication they might have with
them it's not like having them under
their roof putting them into a routine
and getting them into school where they
actually get credit here the school we
saw today a teacher stands in front of
the room there are English slides on a
projector most of these children don't
speak English and they're really just
there to just to take up time and keep
them busy while they wait in this
purgatory to find out where they'll go
next yeah and of course the
administration is now wing starting
family separations again we'll have to
talk about that another time Julia
Ainsley thank you very much really
appreciate you being here with me hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
