so we already know there's been this
huge backlash on both sides of the aisle
you hear Sarah Sanders essentially
saying yesterday we're not prepared for
this we don't have the resources for it
then you hear what Cal Perry says you
got a bunch of kids who have already
potentially been moved at least once
into this facility we don't know what's
going to happen to them after 30 days
and yet you hear what the president said
last night which is essentially doubling
down on his hardline immigration stance
does the White House think this is a
winning issue for them somehow or is
this just Donald Trump out on his own
the president thinks this is a winning
issue for him immigration in general of
course he realizes that these images of
children being taken away from their
parents and separated at the border were
very damaging which was why we saw that
executive order taken last week that
order executive order only came once
there was a visual component and an
audio component to the story once the
picture started coming on the audio
started coming out the but the president
still has the stance of having to be
strong in immigration it is a issue that
propelled his candidacy very early on
when a lot of Democrats were appalled to
hear him talking about immigrants being
murderers that are rapists that was
something to his base and his supporters
that fired them up at lit a fire under
his candidacy yeah and I feel strong
there last night he goes into a arguably
I guess one of the most conservative
areas of South Carolina certainly no
well as you well know preaching again to
the converted right but let's just talk
about a couple of his claims right that
there's been in this invasion of illegal
immigrants so the Washington Post
published the government statistics in
2016 there were a hundred and seventy
thousand illegal border-crossing down 90
percent nine zero not nineteen ninety
percent since 2000 millions of people
are not poring over the border and then
in trying to talk about civility he says
that Democrats who have a different view
of this want unlimited crime which of
course is just a ridiculous statement on
its face who wants unlimited crime it's
not true it's not true look at Democrats
I'm a Republican but there
no way in holy heck that I think that
Democrats want borders to have criminals
pouring in by the millions you know
hurting people and doing a spree of and
from where even not yeah not pouring in
the numbers don't support that it was
the same feeling I think Republicans got
when Harry Reid said that Republicans
wanted dirty water or in and not clean
air and just a bunch of mess I think
that when you start these types of
political arguments nobody wins their
kids know that he never will back down I
know he signed the executive order which
a lot of people said finally he's done
something but the rhetoric hasn't
changed at all and is that a problem for
him he is not nimble in any way it's
bringing out the worst in people have
you not noticed with all this rhetoric
that he's doing it's bringing out the
worst and people look at Maxine Waters
how horrible was that for her to you
know tell people to go out and
disobedience which is our right as
citizens about no it's not saying no
one's not saying their right but what
she clarified when you have a link but
when you know she was even if she wasn't
calling for violence you do you
understand the concern that Nancy Pelosi
has that Chuck Schumer has do you
understand why they would be concerned
that to try to play Donald Trump's game
is a losing equation I understand
I don't agree and here's why I think
that in this particular moment when you
have babies not tender age children your
babies and toddlers that's really what
that means incarcerated separated from
their parents that is a moment which we
as citizens need to stand up against
that what are you finished by yelling
somebody yelling at somebody in a
restaurant is there a more you know I'm
not yelling Sarah Huckabee Sanders did
not yell that in restaurant the other
she waved off x'q and restaurant so I
think that that's interesting that in
this particular moment they would choose
to go to a Mexican restaurant is that
trolling on their part I don't know but
I would say that if citizens of this
country who are paying these folks
because they get our tax dollars these
folks are going out after implementing
policies which many consider racist
citizens are speaking out against them I
think that that's our role as citizens I
don't think there's much so it's only
Michelle Obama at the Democratic
national conventions well let me play
there you know I'm gonna I'm jumping
ahead for the control room but let's
just hear again what Michelle Obama had
to say when they go low we go I have
that on a t-shirt Hillary Clinton said
that during the campaign Donald Trump is
the president so perhaps we need some
different tactics right now and I think
we need to be a little bit more forceful
when pushing back against this
administration no one is calling for
violence all we're saying is that we
should engages in civil disobedience
we've done it at many points that
throughout history this is not something
that is completely unprecedented we in
turn the Japanese we had Jim Crow
we had slavery in this country all of
this is on a trajectory of injustice
against certain marginalized communities
and as citizens as people with privilege
who are not among those communities we
have the ability to stand up against
that and and I'm going I'm taking both
sides as I often do I would go even a
step further that many of the people who
are affected by this cannot stand up for
themselves and well there they maybe
don't speak to language their babies
they can't tell you who their mommy is
they can't memorize a phone number of
how to get in touch with somebody this
somebody has to stand up for them this
is horrible
this should be the fire that Spurs both
Democrats and Republicans to stay up all
night 24 hours a day and get some
resolution of this because all we're
hearing is the right and the left and
what we want to do and what we don't
want to do and what an atrocity this is
to have these children that have
absolutely they've been separated from
our parent from their parents one of the
things that I would suggest if I were
advising Donald Trump would be for him
to personally go down to these detention
centers go down to where these just like
the first lady Milania did what do you
know chances are that that's gonna
happen he should go I'm asking
realistically what are the chances that
that happens I don't know I'm not going
to go and here's why he is using this
rhetoric to
rally his base that they like these
images Stephen Miller and and those the
people in that ilk they like images of
brown children incarcerated and detained
there there's reporting to back that up
you can google it hi I'm only have to
take this seriously I think this is not
a political debate or public
conversation being I wants to see it
children in detention rallying saying
this is great this is the wall were less
hei do that once said rally but not
separating separate leaders and their
children that whatever the wall but that
wasn't rant separate children and
mothers that was never the right it was
build the what it was the wall the wall
goes up and be but it was parents and
children I have a hard time thinking
that the Republican Party in general
wants to separate but that was shake
meant that was made by Jeff Sessions
when this was all announced he has
acknowledged yes this is a however I
would also say I think it's wrong people
who are acting put upon on the
Republican side
Sarah Sanders for example she tweeted
after she was asked to leave the
restaurant and there are some people who
wonder ethically about her taking on a
restaurant I don't want to talk about
that but I do want to take on the fact
that then she tweets I always do my best
to treat people including those I
disagree with respectfully and will
continue to do so and I just want to
play a few little clips from the press
briefing room I know it's hard for you
to understand even short sentences I
guess but in please don't take my words
out of context I think that the premise
of your question is completely
ridiculous and shows the lack of
knowledge that you have on this process
I'll take your question since you and
your network fossil a accuse me of not
wanting to be here so I'll be glad to
pass that question on to you now I just
want to say that I worked in that room
for two and a half years and I have the
highest respect for the level and
quality of the journalists who work
there every single day they would be the
first ones to say do they get it a
hundred percent right every single day
nobody does right in any
any job that they do these are smart
dedicated hard-working people and she
often questions their intelligence like
I said earlier I feel that you know I'm
a Republican there's a very very very
hard position for me to be in but I have
to speak the truth and I feel like
sometimes when your boss sets the tone
of what's acceptable and what's not
acceptable you follow suit meaning he
has made fun of people on the campaign
trail he said lying Ted he said little
Marco he said he's a little rocket man
when he got to be President about North
Korea later so if you set the the tone
of the administration that it's okay to
be a little snarky and and disrespectful
then the the press Secretary's got free
range
I'm not saying it's right I'm just
saying that the president setting the
tone for this type of behavior well the
ones that have a problem with civility I
think I just think that this
conversation has become a little
ridiculous when we're putting Maxine
Waters and Donald Trump's rhetoric on
the same plane it is I want to bring
Shannon in really quickly we only have
15 seconds Jen and I'm sorry about this
but what's the next step for this White
House where do they go because they went
like that from we need to get this
immigration plan fixed too let's wait
till after November I mean the balls in
Congress's court now and it doesn't look
like anything's gonna happen to Congress
they've signed this executive order
which gives them 20 days where these
children can be held under the law and
the big question we were asking
yesterday is what happens after that 20
days and they have no answer to that at
this point
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
