yes Utah saw at the top of the show Sara
Sanders called for civility from that's
good you know that's good because Mike
Barnicle just a couple hours later the
president was gonna be given a speech so
right calling for civility well my god
well didn't he continue the strain as
I'm sure yeah I was watching World Cup
highlights so I didn't actually see the
speech but I confident that as I pointed
the screen we're gonna see him talking
about lollipops and and cuddly bear and
calling the Prados filled with the free
press enemies of the people so so we
heard that so but let's let's hear some
of his greatest hits if you see somebody
getting ready to throw a tomato knock
the crap out of them would you seriously
just knock the hell I promise you I will
pay for the legal fees I promise
the guards are very gentle with him he's
walking out like big high fives smiling
laughing like to punch him in the face
I'll tell you all right yeah get him out
try not to hurt him
if you do I'll defend you in court don't
worry about it
Hillary wants to abolish essentially
abolish the Second Amendment by the way
and if she gets to pick
if she gets to pick her judges nothing
you can do folks
although the Second Amendment people
maybe there is I don't know yes Oh
Donald Trump's second amendment solution
to a president Hillary Clinton and Jon
Meacham yesterday we saw here of the
White House and and others supporters of
Donald Trump melt like precious
snowflakes and the Arizona Sun is
terrible because Maxine Waters said was
some things that I thought were we're
very regrettable and she shouldn't have
said but you can look at that and of
course you can say well wait is she
really inciting violence because that's
what a lot of people on Twitter were
saying she's doing yeah look at those
words and try to figure out if she was
of course the president's response be
careful what you ask for actually was an
incitement of violence but I do wonder
how relatives of mine and friends of
mine will melt like the biggest most
precious snowflake in the Desert Sun
over something that someone might say
against Donald Trump or against some of
Donald Trump's people yet Donald Trump
just out-and-out calls for violence in
that case called for the shooting of
Hillary Clinton by second amendment
people as say so others you know it's
not what can we do maybe you Second
Amendment people can do something about
it and and yet and yet Maxine is that
they I wrote a column about that yeah
when it happened I didn't hear my
friends and relatives who was such
delicate precious snowflakes saying
anything about those actual incitement
of violence during the campaign yeah
those snowflakes had earmuffs on when
that was happening it's you know it's
cold out often cold seems to me you reap
what you sow and the Trump world has
elevated the art of bullying to the
center
the political culture and so I don't see
why I don't really understand why
they're surprised they're probably not
they're probably faking it one of the
problems with having a reality show
presidency is it's really hard to try to
get your bearings about what matters and
what doesn't and I mean when you have to
cook a when you have to call for
civility you're probably not gonna get
it
civility is one of those things that you
like the air you breathe you know you
can't he's not learned behavior I don't
think any managed to insult
congresswoman waters in several
different ways
in responding to this but he has
repeatedly he has called her dumb
repeatedly throughout the years yeah you
know I just don't what I don't quite get
still is there's probably 10 to 15% of
the people who say they approve of the
president shop performance who really
don't like any of this and I just keep
thinking as the 401k Trump i'ts yeah
how's the markets up yep they're with it
also with us this morning calmest an
associate editor for The Washington Post
David Ignatius and political reporter
for The Daily Beast Betsy Woodruff joins
us this morning good to have you both
David Ignatius I was actually looking at
some of the reviews of Donald Trump's
speech last night in South Carolina
South Carolina State that I know very
well a state that I loved especially in
Greenville area known people up there
for a very long time the Upstate area
its extraordinary story Carroll Campbell
rock-ribbed Republican he turned that
state red he not only brought
Republicans into power in South Carolina
he brought BMW and it revolutionized
that state everything followed
everything you see when you walk in
downtown Greenville one of the great
Southern's there wouldn't you agree John
one of the great southern cities that
turned around Greenville South Carolina
just extraordinary
you actually hear German being spoken on
the streets on Friday and Saturday night
not because they're stealing our jobs
but because we got their jobs in
Greenville South Carolina
Linna yet Donald Trump last night he's
once again talking about tariffs and
once again talking about the the Germans
those terrible terrible Germans and what
they're doing to the good good
victims of South Carolina what's this
it's all working out great it's all
working out great and I said look if you
want to do that we're gonna put a little
tariff on your cars coming in you know
cars are the biggie cars are the big
European Union we lost a hundred and
fifty 1 billion dollars last year with
the European Union
sounds nice many of us originally came
from somewhere in the European Union I
had two parents European Union so it
sounds wonderful our country lost a
hundred and fifty 1 billion they send
the Mercedes they send BMWs they send
everything I want to be able to sell
cars in there just like they sell cars
in here and it's all gonna work out I
don't know if you noticed but the people
behind Donald Trump David Ignatius are
looking at each other like going does he
know the BMW revolutionized everything
up and down I 85 everything in
Greenville South Carolina everything
just like we've talked about for years
Bob Riley then Governor of Alabama said
you know it's so nice turning on the TV
seeing protests in Germany about
Tuscaloosa County getting all of their
Mercedes I mean we I think we have in in
Tuscaloosa now I think we're doing two
or three classes of Mercedes now in
Atlanta and and and in Atlanta like this
South at Deep South you know
Mandir his Donald Trump like one of
those rock stars that's actually in
Portland and he screams at the end of
the concert Thank You Cleveland because
he was in the heart he was in the heart
of BMW country where free and open trade
started by Carroll Campbell in South
Carolina revolutionized to state I was
just in Brussels Joe last
and I heard an earful from Germans and
others talking in part about what your
what you're describing the the level of
German investment in the u.s. in autos
in particular that's made the u.s. a
significant export center of German cars
made in the United States by American
workers to other markets and talking
about the net trade effects that could
come as as Trump imposes these these
tariffs more broadly I think what
Europeans finally are reckoning with the
first year Donald Trump they were kind
of in denial this'll go away they like
mattis what a continuity they're
reckoning with the the reality that this
is real that the disruptive Donald Trump
presidency really has disrupted their
relationship with the United States and
now they're looking for the ways in
which they can defend their own
interests their their trade and
commercial interests but even their
national security interests without a
reliable the United States as a partner
so I heard people talking about
Europeans developing more independent
defense one very proud in the European
said we need a policy to speak softly
and to begin to build a big stick of our
own so that they can down the road
defend themselves people even began to
talk about whether they can rely on the
US nuclear deterrent that's the scariest
thing of all if Europeans decide we're
just not credible is there a defender
then they gotta do something about it so
I think your point about the cars is is
exactly right we we miss part of how
globalization really works they invest
in factories in America they produce
their cars with American workers sell
them around the world what's going to
happen to that and I got it I got an
earful last week in Brussels from people
saying we don't like where this is going
Mike BMW again I know because I've been
to South Carolina a lot I got a lot of
friends in South Carolina and I always
would drive right through Greenville
coming up from Atlanta going up to
Washington or points north and I've seen
it I saw it through the 70s and the 80s
and the
ladies I saw it grow you know it's it's
hard to even recognize the Greenville of
1985 with the Greenville of today yeah
because Carol Campbell and what he
brought to South Carolina
and and the fact that BMW actually and
again Donald Trump wouldn't know this
because he just doesn't read or pay
attention but BMW has been the pride of
South Carolina for a very long time
German German auto manufacturing has
changed much of the South I mean you've
got BMW obviously in South Carolina I
believe County and I think you have
Toyota in Kentucky or parts of Kentucky
it has literally transformed much of the
south as well as the bottom line here is
employed thousands of American by the
way Mike it's been good for the for
America and also there's a reason why
BMW started with one line two SUVs and
kept expanding and expanding in South
Carolina because the workers were great
there and there's a reason why in
Tuscaloosa County they sorted with one
class of Mercedes and they kept
expanding it out they said it was the
most profitable plant in the world at
least you know it's that's an alabama
governor bragging to me but he said it
was the most profitable plant in the
world in Tuscaloosa County so guess what
we're getting more jobs and more jobs
it's been great for Tuscaloosa County
it's been great for South Carolina it's
been great for you know I think
Tennessee Volkswagen its Volkswagen
tennis you know it's great
those jobs are here today because people
like Carroll Campbell in South Carolina
had a vision and I've got to ask the
question so many people in that audience
cheering for Trump including the
governor of South Carolina who was the
head of the Republican Party when
Carroll Campbell was governor of South
Carolina they know better they know you
know you know better do you think the
crowd they know I don't very enough even
up those guys we could show it again
those guys
in the back of a second there you wait
wait wait a we're against Germany
because Germany has been flooding
billions and billions and billions and
billions and billions of dollars into
the South Carolina economy over the past
thirty years I mean I was struck by the
number that he threw out that the
European Union is cautious I know that
you know what you know what he just
makes up numbers as we know it's just
like he tried to get Department of HHS
ordered him do a study on how much
refugees cost and it ended up refugees
made a 63 billion dollars and then they
killed the report elf thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up to date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
