Democratic congresswoman Maxine Waters
of California on Saturday they're urging
people to confront members of President
trumps cabinet where they see them when
they see them in public over this child
separation crisis and the moment she
said that many even loyal Democrats
moved very quickly to call that a bad
idea and an equally bad precedent in the
discussion we're having over civility or
the lack of it in our politics for one
thing it gave a huge opening to the
president who said this today quote
congresswoman Maxine Waters an
extraordinarily low IQ person has become
together with Nancy Pelosi the face of
the Democrat Party president goes on to
write she has just called for harm to
supporters of which there are many of
the make America great again movement be
careful what you wish for max earlier
tonight congresswoman waters replied to
the president's tweet during an
interview on this network with Chris
Hayes I did not call for harm for
anybody the president lied again as a
matter of fact I believe in peaceful
protest all of this is an issue of
course because of the Trump
administration officials who have been
publicly confronted in just these past
few days
White House press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders was asked to leave this
place the red hen restaurant in
Lexington Virginia Friday evening
because she worked for the president
last week Homeland Security Secretary
Kerstin Nielsen was heckled by activists
while trying to eat at a Mexican
restaurant in Washington and the New
York Post reporting White House adviser
Stephen Miller was called a fascist
among other things at a different
Mexican restaurant we note in washing
and on Friday Trump Ally Pam Bondi
Florida's Attorney General was
confronted by demonstrators at a movie
theater in Tampa with us for more on all
of this - bird very brave people Michael
Steele former chairman of the Republican
National Committee and Nancy cook White
House reporter for Politico we welcome
them both back to our broadcast Michael
I've been asked about this all day so I
will now neatly transfer the question to
you if someone else had been thrown out
of a restaurant for reasons say
including religion or the color of their
skin and what if during the Obama era a
Republican member of Congress had gotten
up and say wherever you see these people
surround them and confront them I know
it's what about ISM but take on the
question no I think it's very much that
kind of reality check you know because
we know life would have been very
different the outcome would have been
very different and the responses would
have been very different but here's the
point that for me the big techo take
away from what Maxine did the
congresswoman did was she stepped in it
and she stepped in it trying to do Trump
and the only person who could do Trump
is Trump and that's what's so
unfortunate about this is that it is a
space unto which only he occupies it and
it's a space in which others kind of
revolving around it protect this
president in that rescind that response
what Maxine did when you consider all
the other stuff that has gone before it
is consistent with what's been going on
in the country but the reaction to her
that she's the one that should be civil
now everybody wants to have a civil
discussion belies the fact that it is
that the leader of the free world the
the president of our nation who opened
this Pandora's box during his
presidential campaign in which he called
out members of the audience he did
responded with laughter when he saw his
audience go after individuals so this is
a space we're now in and how we adapt
Brian and how we adjust to it the onus
is not just on folks like Maxine Waters
or you or me the onus is on the
president as well and that's where the
change of behavior really has to come we
just can't sit back and point fingers at
everybody else and say y'all need to be
civil oh but he
doesn't y'all need to change the way you
speak out these issues but he doesn't
how you refer to other people but he
doesn't this is a two-way street baby
you got to get on it just like we do and
pushing back should be recognizing that
responsibility and the accountability on
the behalf of the president to cut out
the act that he's doing right now as
well Nancy a friend of mine a longtime
loyal Democrat said today leave it to us
Democrats to be handed the high ground
for one weekend and drop it and break it
another way of putting it people said
today that Maxine Waters opened the door
for a huge White House talking point to
come out is that what you're getting
absolutely I mean I think that she just
gave the White House a huge gift so that
they could run away from much more
damaging stories like the separation of
migrant children and Families DHS's
plans to reunify those families that has
been a brutal story for this White House
and there's been tons of internal
tension over that policy and basically
this allowed Sarah Huckabee Sanders in
the briefing in addition to getting a
lot of questions about that to try to
turn this into a conversation about
civility and for Trump and all those
people to basically lean back on the
cultural issues which has so played for
them so well politically in 2016
play that cultural hand instead of
answering much more specific questions
about the policies that they've put
forward Michael you mentioned some of
the comments you might have heard Donald
Trump make on the campaign trail i we
happen to have thrown together a few of
those we'll talk about it on the other
side if you see somebody getting ready
to throw a tomato knock the crap out of
of would you seriously okay just knock
the hell I promise you I will pay for
the legal fees I promise the guards are
very gentle with him he's walking out
like your big high fives
smiling laughing like to punch him in
the face I'll tell you
all right yeah get him out try not to
hurt him if you do I'll defend you in
court don't worry about it
so Michael as the former head of the
party he is now the titular head of no
chance he's a victim or a symptom you
find him the cause of this conversation
we're having now about yeah I think so
we'll just look at the tweet that in
response to the congresswoman you know
low IQ you know be careful what you wish
for with a threat at the end of the
tweet so don't you know I I get you know
Maxine stepped in it like I said at the
beginning and she opened up a door that
we're now talking about what she did as
opposed to how the president has handled
and behaved in these situations and
specifically with respect to these
children so that that little vignette
that you share with us again I think
tells us what the truth is and where the
origins of a lot of a lot of this lies
and why we now should be of a mind to
say wait a minute ho hold up this is a
two-way street here you don't just get
to to look at others and go you can't
say this or do this or behave a certain
way we're also watching how you're
behaving and what you're saying and that
is unacceptable particularly given the
position you have as president Nancy I
looked up at Fox News tonight at one
point the graphic was intolerance on the
left and about the left of the pelosi
schumer types are going to have to get
in here because enough people are saying
okay what about legislation yeah i think
that basically this just you know puts
democrats on the defensive and and makes
them respond to trump really on his own
terms and as Michael said earlier really
the only person that does Trump well is
Trump and this makes the Democrats just
play into his hand I think the other
thing politically is you know the
Democrats had really hoped to take the
high road heading into 2018
you know they hope to talk about a bunch
of you know pocket bush pocketbook
issues and turn to that whereas instead
they're sort of going back this tit for
tat between Maxine Waters today and
President Trump and that's not really
where they want to lie and this is also
what Republicans wanted in
they want the Democrats to what they
call overplay their hand heading into
2018 so that even if the Democratic base
is really fired up for 2018
they'll overplay their hand so much that
it will turn off more moderate and
independent voters in the presidential
election in 2020
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
