you know they want to hire now 5000 more
judges so that a person puts the toe on
the land that we have to go to trial
this is crazy what we're doing
I don't want judges I want Border Patrol
I want ice in other words more law
enforcement less due process very
American a further explanation of that
in a tweet over the weekend quote we
cannot allow all of these people to
invade our country when somebody comes
in we must immediately with no judges or
court cases bring them back where they
came our system is a mockery to good
immigration policy in law and order
most children come without parents I
think that's true and then more the
sporting quote hiring many thousands of
judges and going through a long and
complicated legal process is not the way
to go we'll always be dysfunctional
people must simply be stopped at the
border and told they cannot come into
the US illegally to scroll through up up
up I'm not reading all this these are
Trump's lies about immigration let's get
to the good part all right well this
latest idea from the President may be
both legally and morally questionable
there's something else to consider Trump
himself as the New York Times puts it
Trump didn't exactly retreat after the
controversy last week instead he quote
went on the offensive complaining to
aides about why he could not just create
an overarching executive order to solve
the problem according to two people
familiar with the deliberations aides if
I had to explain to the president by a
comprehensive immigration overhaul is
beyond the reach of his executive powers
privately the president has grouse that
he should not have signed the order
undoing separations NBC's Cal Perry is
near the border Steve Smith's at the
table before I'm so I know he doesn't
read book Steve but he doesn't read the
newspaper either the last two American
presidents tried comprehensive
immigration reform they tried to build a
coalition of Democrats and Republicans
george w bush did it with the late
Senator Kennedy and and and John McCain
Barack Obama did it with Marco I mean
how how ignorant is he he couldn't be
more ignorant he's a supernova of
incredible look there's a couple things
going on here one he's inciting through
mass rallies and constant lying
forever in a political base he
scapegoats minority populations and
affixes blame to them for every problem
the country faces he alleges
conspiracies of nefarious forces he
creates a mass sense of victimization
amongst his base and then he asserts
extraordinary claims of power to protect
the victims from the scapegoated
populations and the nefarious conspiracy
that is fundamentally a liberal deeply
on American and frankly could be
straight out of Munich circa 1928 it's
very alarming and Calipari you've had
this this this sort of out-of-body
experience that Steve's talking about
you've been reporting from the border
you've likened it to other conflict
zones you've covered can you talk about
reading those tweets and hearing the
president's comments after all the time
you've spent down there since this
crisis started to enthrall last week
yeah and I had a further one today when
I took a tour of the facility because as
we're being walked around by this HHS
official and he's giving us the well
this was that's was worse during Obama
and you know two years ago it was backed
up and we don't want to see kids on the
border the man who actually runs the
facility who's contracted out by the
government said and I'm gonna directly
quote him here this wouldn't have been
necessary without the separations the
crisis was made as a result of the
decision to separate the kids
separations should have never happened
quote the process is flawed and it
harmed the children so you have this
completely bizarre situation where you
have a tent city an internment camp
according to senators who come here and
visit and can't get in you have people
inside the facility who are actually
running it saying that they think the
policy is ridiculous and they would
rather focus on hurricanes the group
that's in charge of this facility did
all the recent major hurricanes they
covered a bola they did all of the
natural disasters and they said if it
was up to us we would not be doing this
this is crazy and this is John Hammond a
crisis of the president's creation I
watched our mayor mayor de Blasio this
morning
it is now beyond debate the children
have been traumatized let's watch him
this morning about some of the kids that
were in New York
the are in New York our healthcare
professionals here in New York City
started working with this kid his kids
and saw a lot of trauma imagine for any
one of us if we were taken from our
mother or father and no idea now that
we're sent to a foreign country no idea
what's going on maybe we get a phone
call or two to a relative maybe we don't
and no word on when we're ever going to
see our parents again that's affecting
these kids deeply emotionally in terms
of their mental health we're trying to
help them now but we're talking about
now we're creating a generation of kids
we're going to live with that real
trauma the medical professionals are
telling us they're immediately treating
some of these kids and seeing the signs
of trauma and mental health distress and
and and he knows because some of those
separated children are here in New York
City all due respect to mayor de Blasio
having listened last week to mental
health professionals pediatricians
and clergy all of whom made claims that
effectively what was going on was child
abuse with this policy I did not need to
hear from you today although he it's
nice to have some backup from someone
who's seen these people on the ground I
think it's manifestly clear that if you
strip away young children and I don't
necessarily just mean infants I mean
young children up to you know so
whatever age you want to pick and you
tear them away from their parents tell
them they may never see their parents
again they have no idea where they're
going where they're gonna be whether or
they're gonna see a parent again they're
with people who don't understand their
language and are not allowed to touch
them in some cases that those kids are
gonna be traumatized I mean you don't
even need a medical degree or it can be
mayor of New York City to know that
that's true intuitively I just do want
to come back to one thing that Steve
said a second ago which is the endpoint
you look at those tweets of Donald Trump
right the the for some of us who look at
the American system as a paragon of it's
not perfect by any means and we're all
working on trying to make it better and
have been for more than 200 years but
due process separation of powers those
are like the intrinsic things that we
look at and say this is what makes
America the greatest country in the
world it's why we don't have autocracy
here why we don't have authority is why
our democracy has worked better than any
other experiment in liberal democracy in
history and the president
both does not understand them he thinks
they are impediments impediments they
are a pain in his ass like he does not
want due process he does not want
separation of powers what he wants is
get rid of the process irrigate all the
power to me and I'm gonna do what I want
to do and I think that's why you don't
have to go so far as to talk as some
have done about some of the most
authoritarian of despicable gratuitous
violent regimes in history and I've
talked about Paul Pott to get to what's
wrong with this view of the world he
lays it out in his Twitter feed every
day Calipari what are you hearing on the
ground from the tone being set in the
Oval Office about denying these people
due process listen you know you go to
these courts along the border and it's
just a it's a whole different ballgame
they just line everybody up in a group
they get about a minute to meet with
their lawyer they're asked how do you
plead and everybody says in unison see
and then out they go and it's a system
run by a rich white man and that's just
the reality here on the ground and this
idea that somehow oh you know you don't
necessarily have to see a judge in order
to get due process is completely crazy
because what these kids are seeing is a
military installation where the tents
are labeled alpha 1 alpha 2 alpha 3 up
to 11 the dining facility is labeled
DFAC the milk the tents are military
tents so when you talk to people down
here what they say is look the rhetoric
matters because the rhetoric is what
causes the tent city because it was
unnecessary except they started moving
babies around and the rhetoric
it also affects just the everyday life
like in public schools where attendance
is down from undocumented individuals
Steve Schmidt so Donald Trump doesn't
believe in due process for people coming
to our country seeking asylum or for a
better life but you know who you want to
do process for remember Rob Porter so
here's what he said about Rob Porter
credibly accused of beating I believe
more than one wife people's lives are
being shattered and destroyed by a mere
allegation tweeted the president some
are true and some are false some are old
and some are new there's no recovery for
someone falsely accuse life and career
are gone is there no such thing any
longer as due process there's a tweet
for everything
hey can't can't make it up listen this
policy is one of purposeful abject
cruelty and meanness it's not accidental
this is Donald Trump and he's using very
purposeful words infestation invasion to
incite fervor in a base he doesn't even
have a pretense any longer being
president of the entire country he is
the leader of a faction that is trying
to impose systematic cruelty upon all
the rest of us and that's why it wasn't
that Cyrus Sanders was kicked out of a
restaurant because she lies every guy it
wasn't until we had three year olds and
cages that these people couldn't go into
public too bad on them hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
