press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders
calling on Congress today to fix
immigration policies and saying that
this Trump order from last week is
temporary while blaming Democrats for
the mess the president's executive order
has given a temporary solution to the
problem but it's not permanent and we
need Congress to step up we need
Democrats to stop playing political
games do their jobs work with this
president and let's fix the problem at
the border that's the White House's
argument today keep in mind it's over
2,000 children who remain separated from
their parents many all over the nation
because of Trump's policy MSNBC's
Calipari has gotten one of the first
looks inside a tent camp this is in
tonio Texas that holds 300 children 23
separate from their parents under the
now partially discontinued policy here's
what the emergency manager told him the
shelter would not have been necessary
without the separations quote the crisis
was made as a result of the decision to
separate the kids quote separations
should never have happened the process
is flawed he said and it harmed the
children I'm joined now by Enrique
morones founder and director the
immigrant rights group border angels and
Reverend Al Sharpton president of
National Action Network of course my
colleague is the host of politics nation
and I should mention rev you just got
back from visiting children at another a
Texas Detention Center let's start there
nothing new about the American Civil
Rights Movement engaging with
international issues as a legal matter
as we've been reporting some of the
people that you're visiting with may not
have the legal right to be here they may
not stay here I'll walk us through what
you see is the human rights issue here
rather well I think the human rights
issue is clear you're talking about a
decision to separate the children from
their parents and the children may never
be reconciled I think a lot of what
people are missing Ari is if they did
not have a plan to reconcile the
families when the President signed the
executive order then they never had a
plan cuz all he had to do was go ahead
and use the plan they were gonna use
down the line when they've gone through
their process so it was really that they
had no intention of dealing with the
human value here where we got involved
civil rights groups is you have two
borders to this country you have the
Canadian border in the Mexican border
why did the president say we're gonna
separate families coming over the
Mexican border which is South Americans
and Central Americans because he knew
they wouldn't tolerate one or two babies
taken from a white Canadian so the race
involved the dehumanization involved and
now when we see an East Harlem over 200
children some of them are part of this
group of children that were denied
because of family separation they're in
communities
I wonder Rev whether the premise of the
statement you make which of course some
in the White House would strenuously
object to is that also Donald Trump
thought that the absence of white
children of white babies here would mean
that he would quote a quote unquote get
away with this was he wrong I think that
he may or may not have been wrong the
question is is the position morally and
legally wrong and I think the answer is
clear how do you have any double
standards in the application of law and
not be wrong legally and morally he's
not banning all people that come in here
illegally saying or he did not ban that
saying you will have family separation
he only did it in this particular case
and one can only ask the question why
particularly when we have a decrease in
numbers of people coming across the
Mexican border into the United States
and Rico walk us through what you see is
the priority when we are here gathered
tonight with 2053 children at least
still effectively orphaned by Trump
administration policy well as usual the
Reverend is absolutely right this is a
racial issue it's horrific what Donald
Trump is doing no other country in the
Americas has a wall no country in the
world set
raise children and if these children
were white if they were Canadian or
Norwegian like he likes they would not
be separated what he is doing is
inhumane the whole world is watching I
was at a detention facility on Friday
with Senator Kamala Harris what is
happening is unbelievable how can you
separate a child from their parent and
that picture you know that that that may
made from for a picture moment of
signing an executive order which has no
legs to stand on Donald Trump is pure
evil what he is doing is horrific the
whole world is watching
including our children we teach our
children to love their neighbor not to
do bullying and what is taking right
place right now there's there's people
who have been sent back to Central
America they don't know where their
children are the children never got to
say goodbye to their parents it is the
worst of the American spirit and we need
to continue to rise up and demand change
as Reverend Sharpton did in the suburbs
movement we need to do that now a lot of
and a lot of people are arguing it's not
the American spirit it's antithetical to
it you mentioned senator Harris who's
one of the many people who've done these
visits trying to use their power and
their platform to draw attention to it
so people can deal with the facts of
what's happening to these people to
these children and the facilities take a
look at Senator Booker and Senator
Harris and others zero-tolerance
policies that really are undermining
actually things that we're working
processes that were established and we
have an unfortunate administration that
I think it's a committing more vandalism
and I think there's no question that
we've got to critically re-examine ice
and its role and the way that it is
being administered and the work it is
doing and we need to probably think
about starting from scratch it's wrong
to separate babies to use cruel inhumane
policies in order to gin up your
political basic rev for you the final
thought on what we're hearing there and
also what you're hearing when you know
in the old days a lot of white
politicians claimed they were for the
Constitution while doing things in Jim
Crow that undermined the Bill of Rights
talk to us about where we stand tonight
with a president openly saying he's
against the fifth Amendment due process
protection just admit
think I think that we are and after
going down with sister norm at the
sentencing some of the families we are
in the middle of a real moral crisis and
a legal crisis and I think that the
country deserves and must have legal
leadership and moral leadership that
will stand up and say that when we have
a president that just-just-just disavows
the Constitution then what are we
talking about it's a threat to anybody
and it may start in Mexico and will come
to all of us we cannot allow this to be
unaddressed and not confronted hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
