according to the latest polling from
Gallup the president overall approval
rating stands at just 41% overall
however virtually nine out of ten
Republicans say they approve the job
he's doing nine out of ten that
polarization is no doubt fueled by the
president who's been quick to villainize
the people he disagrees with his
leadership style also serves the
strategic purpose forcing voters to
choose whether for him or with his
critic so they don't like that may
explain why he goes out of his way to
bait his opponents with such divisive
rhetoric let's watch a few examples you
wouldn't believe how bad these people
are these are people these are animals
he's a tool of Chuck Schumer and of
course the ms-13 lover Nancy Pelosi
wouldn't you love to see one of these
NFL owners when somebody disrespects our
flag to say get that son of a bitch off
the field right now out he's fired you
have to stand proudly for the national
anthem
well you shouldn't be playing you
shouldn't be there maybe you shouldn't
be in the country so we have a single
protester he's going home to his mom say
hello to mommy
I called the fake dudes the enemy of the
people and they are they are the enemy
of the people I'm joined now by two
MSNBC contributor Ruth Marcus deputy
editorial page editor of The Washington
Post and Jeremy Peters who covers
politics for The Times your piece is
great this weekend because I think it's
Trump's way of forcing everybody to
their tribal base you know I think I'm
just generalizing our just guessing but
I bet they're a lot of african-americans
who had a different view on people
taking a knee every game they make
somebody you've made your point and a
lot of white people say they have a
point to make let him make it but he
says no divide by race but enough of
this nebulous you know they might be
right I may be wrong on this one forget
all that go back to your tribal stations
and fight that's what Trump does on
every issue that's exactly right he's
tribe alized our politics more than any
I made that point well he's I mean what
Trump has done and also what he is used
to great effect is this notion that
there is an unhinged radical violent
left that's almost reminiscent of the
Vietnam era war has more protesters that
Nixon went after you know loving my
hair's love it or leave it
right the lawyers and Trump understands
that by making those people the focus of
his criticism he can portray them as
people that they will stop at nothing to
silence me to silence your voice and to
take away your vote and impeach me and
so it's very nice I think he makes all
moderate and regular people who aren't
conservatives right made some real left
he's like I don't think everybody's for
open borders I mean half of Latin
America probably like the living United
States most would like to live here so
you have to have some kind of regulation
the border but he portrays the Democrats
as loosey-goosey yeah you know flower
children come on in and also the
Democrats don't care about a crime they
a lot of Democrats live in urban
neighborhoods where they like that less
crime yeah Nancy Pelosi is not an ms-13
lover where did that from did you see
that well I think Jeremy turns every
Democrat into a hard left e-everybody's
Maxine Waters from South Central you
know she's a hard left you're not but
she's certainly a liberal progressive
but he makes everybody into the enemy
well Maxine Waters played right into
Trump's hands the White House loves it
every time there is an episode like
Maxine Waters who came about as close to
inciting violence as any member of
Congress I've ever seen
and every time Sarah Huckabee Sanders
gets kicked out of a restaurant guess
what the White House loves that it plays
right into their message of this crazed
lunatic left fringe and then they use
that to discredit the whole Republican
Party and a lot of Republican voters who
aren't necessarily pro Trump by that
let's show what what congresswoman said
Sarah there there it also signs that
some of the left are embracing the very
kind of incivility they criticized the
president they're doing he's doing White
House press secretary
Sarah center said over the weekend that
she was asked to leave a restaurant
because she worked for Donald Trump she
tweeted last night I was told by the
owner of the Red Hand it's a restaurant
in Lexington Bridget that's not far from
here
to leave because I work for the
President and I politely left her
actions say far more about her than
about me in reaction the president last
out today saying that the Red Hen
Restaurant should focus more on cleaning
its filthy canapes doors and windows
badly needs a paint job rather than
refusing to serve a fine person like
Sarah can be sinners I always had a rule
if a restaurant is dirty on the outside
it's dirty and then if this is pure
Trump on Saturday Democratic congressman
Maxine Waters I mention from LA decided
with that restaurant owner and called on
Democrats to confront members of trouble
ministration in public place here's the
congresswoman
anyway those comments aren't her a sharp
rebuke from the president said today
congresswoman Maxine Waters an
extraordinary low IQ person has become
together with Nancy Pelosi the face of
the Democrat Party
she has just called for harm to
supporters of which there are many of
the make America great movement be
careful what you wish for
max would found whatever congressman
waters has since clarified her
statements say she never called for
violence only peaceful protest what do
you make of all this I think Trump's
winning this little fight yes with some
help she's brought people down to his
level
effectively what yet indeed and now I
understand Trump and the way he talks
about everything that we talked about
earlier can make you crazy but Michelle
Obama was it can makes everybody crazy
Michelle Obama was right when she said
when they go low we go high again we're
sorry
when they go low we're going we're going
crazy and for exactly the reasons it
didn't work for Hillary she says so
there's a real debate going on the
Democratic Party right now about whether
or not to attack Trump using Trump's
rules it's a real discussion because
they make that executive are the leaders
like Pelosi who knows their politics is
she say hold back distancing themselves
from the Maxine Waters of the world you
know not it is not helpful look there's
nobody who people who are definitely
attached to Trump the true believers are
not going to get this attached from them
but if you're telling other people who
may have been Trump voters or might be
flirting with Trump that they're bigots
and racists and terrible people and
shouldn't be served in restaurants it's
like when you criticize a friend when
you criticize somebody in your family
you have this instinctive reaction to
want to sort of rally with them it's
just not smart politics it's not smart
human relations but he does troll it so
does insight he tries to cheat
that happened he wants Maxine Waters to
go out top challenge I think we're
dating which way to go - you go with
hard nasty resistance here you go with
I'll go higher when you go lower which
didn't work last time anyway Ruth Marcus
good insightful thinking here
Jeremy great reporting on that hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
