welcome back House Republicans work
through the weekend on a so called
compromise immigration bill bucking
president Trump's advice on Friday to
stop quote wasting their time on the
issue until after the midterms when
Trump says more Republicans will be
elected the fruits of their weekend
labor remain uncertain but House
Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy promised
on fox news this morning that there will
be a vote on the compromise legislation
this week there will be a vote this week
and not only will it put the money
forward for the wall it will tie any
immigration proposal going forward to
the money for the wall that it has to be
built it has to be though it will end
catch and release it will go to a
merit-based system for immigration and
it will deal with the daca situation but
with the president support far from
certain Republicans in Congress who
already saw one immigration bill fail
last week are already bracing for this
bill to fail as well with one source
telling Axios over the weekend while
leaders were supportive of both bills
there was never an expectation that
either bill would be able to pass we
expressly never pledged passage just the
process and the effort joining me now is
congressman Leonard Lance Republican of
New Jersey congressman welcome back to
the show
well let me ask you it is so McCarthy is
saying your leader is saying a vote this
week yeah there's a vote is something
going to pass this week I hope so Steve
and of course I'm working to that end
only time will tell but I think we
should work on this issue and I think we
should work on it now and I favor a path
to citizenship for the dreamers
well what when the president last week
because he came and visited your fellow
House Republicans last week and
supposedly we were told in advance of
that he was going there in part to rally
Republican support to get something
passed maybe to get it passed last week
and then of course one of the bills gets
pulled and now here we are talked about
if you would what effect did the
president coming out and saying hey
Republicans don't bother with this what
effect did that have on your colleagues
I think that the president should have
said that we should pass the bill and
that's the Untied which I'm working and
I just
agree with the president when he said
that we should wait until after the
election I think that time is of the
essence and that is why we should
continue to work on it Steve I did not
vote for the more conservative bill the
Goodlatte bill 41 Republicans did not
vote for it I was in that group and I
favored the compromise legislation and I
am working to that end and I know that
Jeff Denham of California and Crouch
Cabello of Florida are working very hard
on this but that gets to it I think
there's that divide within your party
you say you voted against the the
Goodlatte bill you're working towards
this compromise bill to get this
so-called compromise bill through it
seems that Republican leaders folks like
you who want to pass it are going to
have to get some hesitant Republican
members on board to do it and that's why
I'm asking you when Trump comes out and
says don't bother is that giving license
to those hesitant Republican members to
say yeah you know what it's not worth
going out on a limb as I perceive it on
this that may very well be the case and
that's why I disagree with the president
I think that we should work on this
issue now and not wait until the
November elections and I would hope
Steve that Democrats could join us and
if not on this issue certainly on the
issue of the children I I have become a
co-sponsor of a bill sponsored by
Brendan Boyle of Philadelphia on that
issue that is a separate issue but
certainly it's related to the larger
hole well in let's let's talk about that
because part of your legislation they're
part of your your solution you say to
this issue of the children and the
families at the border is to hire more
judges to process this more quickly you
have the president over the weekend and
again he reiterated it today in front of
reporters in the White House he says I
do not want to hire these judges he
first of all he's saying I don't want to
hire 5,000 judges he's also saying I
don't want to hire judges at all do you
get a sense where he's getting the
number 5,000 from is that anything like
what you're calling for and again is he
basically destroying your proposal right
there with what he's saying there are
about 350 immigration judges at the
moment Steve I think we should double
the number to 700
senator cruz and senator feinstein are
working together on that issue over in
the senate i believe that they're
working toward doubling the number to
seven hundred i favor that and if that
legislation passes in the senate and it
could pass given the fact that this is
being sponsored by a republican and a
democrat then i think we should take
that to bill up in the house i favor due
process of law
as you know steve i am an attorney and I
would like to double the number of
immigration judges to roughly seven
hundred have you had any contact any
communication with the White House on
specifically what their reservations are
and if there's any way to address it I
personally have not but I'm sure our
leadership has and I hope that the
president will support a compromise if
it is put forth by senator Cruz and
senator Feinstein and I think it's a
hopeful sign that you have Ted Cruz and
Dianne Feinstein working together on
this issue you say you're an attorney
who favors due process so when the
president is out there saying you know
we don't need these judges we need a
enforcement that's going to find these
people turn them away and send them back
quickly are you saying that the
president's out there advocating a
violation of due process I think due
process is best served by having
adjudicatory bodies and and from my
perspective Steve that requires
increasing the number of immigration
judges significantly I think that we can
do that and I hope we do it in a
bipartisan fashion are the president's
comments though on that when he talks
about sending folks away as he does are
those consistent with due process I
think due process requires having an
adjudicatory process and I would urge
the President to support that changing
gears there's something we talked about
earlier in the show but I want to get
you to weigh in a little bit because
we've had this conversation about
civility this is something that's been
going on since the president launched
his campaign three years ago it's been a
constant with him now there's the issue
sarah huckabee sanders at that
restaurant then congresswoman Maxine
Waters makes those statements then
President Trump comes on Twitter and
cranks it up even further now one of
your colleagues there one of your
Republican colleagues there in the house
Marsha Blackburn running for the Senate
in Tennessee
she's trying to fundraise she's trying
to raise money for her campaign off of
Republican anger about what Maxine
Waters said Republican anger about that
restaurant incident with Sarah Huckabee
Sanders is that an appropriate thing for
a candidate for office to be doing I am
critical of what Maxine Waters said I I
know the congresswoman and I have served
with her on the Financial Services
Committee before I move to the Energy
and Commerce Committee but I thought
those were very unfortunate remarks and
and as you know Steve I lead by example
I try to be civil with everyone with
those who support me with those who do
not support me I've been critical of the
president where I do not believe he has
been civil and I'm certainly critical of
the situation regarding the restaurant
in Northern Virginia and with with
statements back and forth I think we
need greater civility on both sides and
that is the way I have always conducted
myself and it's the way I will continue
to conduct myself it doesn't mean I the
question it raises though as Marsha
Blackburn is running for the Senate and
clearly seems to perceive by these
actions a political benefit in feigning
these flames a little bit of it getting
Republican voters upset about the
treatment of Sarah Huckabee Sanders is
there a line that Republicans that your
party should be drawing here in terms of
saying hey we don't like X that the
other side is doing but we shouldn't be
trying to politicize it further
I am critical of what happened in
Northern Virginia I think it was
inappropriate and I think that dinner
should have been served and I don't see
why it was not served is it appropriate
to raise money for a campaign off that I
think that that's a decision for Marsha
Blackburn
but I'm certainly critical of the fact
that Miss Huckabee was was not served
and I think that that lacked civility I
agree that there has been lack of
civility in some of the president's
tweets and I think that all sides should
be civil Steve and that is why I lead by
example and that is why I am always
civil and will continue to be of moving
forward in a direction that I think is
in the best interest of the nation and
that requires civility on all sides all
right congressman Leonard Lance
Republican from New Jersey thanks for
the time thank you very much Steve
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more B to
press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
