and welcome back tonight meet the
midterms President Trump on his way to a
rally in South Carolina for governor
Henry McMaster this just hours ahead of
tomorrow's a runoff election down there
in South Carolina couple elections
couple primaries we're keeping an eye on
tomorrow and of course South Carolina
probably the first because the president
tonight by going down there he is
putting his political prestige with his
own party on the line a little bit here
if his candidate doesn't get across the
finish line be a very embarrassing thing
for Donald Trump so again Henry McMaster
he's the governor of South Carolina took
over when nikki Haley left to be the UN
Ambassador McMaster one of the first
South Carolina politicians to endorse
Trump back in 2016 here's the deal they
had the preliminary two weeks ago
McMaster came in first but remember
South Carolina runoff State got to get
50% he was eight points under 50 and so
he's got a competitor here in this
runoff tomorrow Trump coming down there
from McMaster John Warren running as an
outsider I think the expectation is
McMaster is favorite here so obviously
if he wins Trump will try to take credit
but hey we've seen surprises in
Republican primaries 42% I know he's not
a traditionally elected incumbent here
but 42% maybe not that impressive
in the preliminary so this is one to
keep an eye on Trump going out on a bit
of a limb here we'll see what happens a
couple of other races we're keeping an
eye on tomorrow night how about this one
this is a congressional district we
normally wouldn't talk about nationally
the 11th district of New York what does
it see that little tiny yellow thing
right there Staten Island this is the
closest thing there is to a Republican
Bastion in New York City you know New
York City where almost everybody seems
to vote Democratic except on Staten
Island the 11th district here's your
Congressman Dan Donovan
now he's endorsed by Donald Trump he is
an incumbent so why would he possibly be
in trouble tomorrow and why would we
possibly be talking about this race
tomorrow
remember this guy Michael Grimm he's
back Michael Grimm did time in jail a
couple years ago former congressman gave
up his seat served time in jail came out
now he says he was railroaded he's
claiming the Obama administration rail
him they're running against Dan Donovan
in this Republican primary there has
been some polling there have been some
indications that Grimm has a real chance
tomorrow of knocking off Dan Donovan
Donald Trump has said hey Republicans
don't do that don't go with Michael
Grimm cuz this seat could be in danger
in the fall so that's another one we're
keeping an eye on and then how about
this how about another name another
blast from the past if you will Mitt
Romney very much a present tense figure
all of a sudden there's a primary
tomorrow in Utah he's running against
Mike Kennedy Romney expected to win this
thing easily expected to win in the fall
easily expected to go to the US Senate
set up a very interesting dynamic bear
other thing to keep an eye on Mitt
Romney if he does in fact win this
primary tomorrow it would bring his
lifetime record running against a
Kennedy to 500 he'd be worn in one
remember 1994 Ted Kennedy beat Mitt
Romney by 17 points there in
Massachusetts in that Senate race now
Romney a few thousand miles away a lot
friendlier territory for him he's
expected to get that nomination against
that was an op-ed today talking about
how he would handle that dynamic with
president Trump a man he once had
withering criticism for him now maybe a
little more nuanced than that so that's
another interesting thing to keep an eye
on some other Democratic primaries
tomorrow a lot going on we're gonna be
here tracking it all day so don't forget
that tomorrow and we hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
