abolish ice yes or no where are you on
this well I think we should look at
reforms to ice as part of reforms to our
overall immigration system but let's be
clear the problem right now is the way
the Trump administration is using ice
and the Trump administration policies we
can have secure borders and we can have
a humane immigration policy and the
Trump administration is obviously not
focused on the latter they were
separating families with kids they're
not reuniting these families fast enough
so my view is we can have border
security and we need to make sure ice
focuses appropriately on that mission
and not be deployed to breaking up
families and other policies that this
administration has been focused on so in
serve listening to your answer there
senator clearly you're not over the line
on on ice some Democrats want their
leadership to be do you think it is a in
your role in the DSCC is it a smart
strategy for Democrats to campaign to
message on abolishing ice look I think
this whole issue that's risen because of
the separation of kids from their
parents that the border has gone beyond
beyond politics right I mean you've seen
everybody in the religious community
speaking out strongly against it I think
if you talk to Democrats they'll say
what I just tried to really emphasize
that we we should have border security
of course we need to make sure that
dangerous people don't get across the
border but moms coming with their kids
seeking asylum should not be separated
and they should not be locked up
indefinitely and so it's the way the
Trump administration is using the
Department of Homeland Security that we
need to really focus on as we look for
longer-term reforms to ice and
immigration laws generally so as you
point at the Trump administration
senator do you share some of your
colleagues opinions that secretary
Neilson should step down from leadership
of DHS you know
Hallie if I thought that having her step
down would actually make a difference in
terms of our immigration policies I
would do it in a second the problem is
at the very top I mean
we all remember Donald Trump coming down
the escalators Trump Towers talking
about you know in general terms Mexicans
being rapists and murderers and all
these things and what he is doing is
unleashing this kind of hatred that has
now essentially resulted in this
division of moms from their daughters I
was at the border on Father's Day yeah
yeah you went and saw one of these
facilities our tried to at least you
said at the time I think that you
believe the administration when it comes
to asylum claims was trying to slow walk
asylum claims based on what the
president has tweeted today over the
weekend leading some critics to wonder
if he's drawing the distinction between
asylum seekers and those crossing the
border illegally for other reasons do
you believe this administration believes
in the concept of asylum look what can
Democrats do to have those conversations
with those inside the Trump
administration well based on the
president's tweets he clearly doesn't
believe in asylum and this country has a
long tradition and has been a leader
when it comes to making sure that people
who are fleeing persecution fleeing
violence have an opportunity to have
their cases heard and settle in the
United States and we should keep
families together during that process
know when the president says that he's
going to turn everybody who is who is
crossing the border back across the
border regardless of whether they're
smuggling drugs or a or a mom with their
daughter or son fleeing violence is
totally outrageous and that is what this
administration has done it's essentially
said we're gonna we're not we're not
going to deploy our resources just to
guess guess ms-13 not just against ms-13
which we should but we're gonna go after
moms with kids and that's why you see
this uproar around the country
senator very very quickly before I let
you go one of your former House
colleagues Maxine Waters as we talked
about is calling on some to harass
basically Trump administration officials
in public because of these moral
convictions do you think that's the
right move for your party would you
recommend the same thing no I I don't
think people should be harassed but as a
public official I can tell you when I go
out to eat at a restaurant
will come up to me and share their
opinions and so there's nothing wrong
with that but there's a difference
between strongly sharing opinions and
and being harassed however I do want to
emphasize that we're in a democracy here
these are really important issues to our
country people have the right to express
themselves when I go out to dinner I
hear about all sorts of issues from my
constituents and so people have the
right to express their views thank you
for checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
