joining us now member of the Senate
Foreign Relations and Judiciary
Committee's Republican Senator Jeff
Flake of Arizona thank you very much for
being on the senator what a lot to ask
you about let's just go
first of all you've been concerned about
Trump's tariffs harley davidson now
talking about not expanding the united
states anymore said because of his
tariffs they are going to move
production in the future to europe and
expand there we're hearing this all over
on the volvo just opened it a plant in
south carolina great thing but then
promptly announced we may not be able to
you know higher the number of people
that we thought we would so if we're
gonna be imposing new tariffs on the
European Union on automobiles they'll
certainly retaliate and what you find in
there have been studies that that verify
this again and again is when you try to
to lower tariffs by imposing new tariffs
and forcing others to lower theirs it
rarely works it's simply escalated me
that's this is what is so hard to
believe we were talking about
immigration before and just they're just
our facts if you even trust Donald
Trump's own administration with study
said show that most of the things he's
saying about immigration or likes well
let's talk about tariffs for a second
Democrats most Democrats almost all
Republicans most of all editorial pages
know that what he is saying is a lie
know that what you just said has been an
economic reality for the past 50 years
so why isn't Congress stepping in well
that's that's been very troubling to
many of us in Congress I on something so
central to what Republicans stand for
free trade to just allow the President
to go on and and treat Canada and Mexico
as if they are national security threats
last week he said that a Mexico did
nothing did nothing right and this is
this shows you how much he floods his
own that Mexico has done nothing but
steal our jobs and send drugs to America
and then of course he deemed Canada a
national security threat right we met
with the Canadian foreign minister
Freeland the other day members of the
Foreign Relations Committee and just to
hear her it's it's just sadness that
they all have there just knowing you are
our allies so what do you get fog beside
right and now you you declare us a
national security threat and most
Republicans find that heinous that this
president would do that against the
tariffs so what can you do about it
because you know as as some people have
pointed out for some time they're only
there's only a Republican majority of
two in the Senate if you and bob Corker
are you or somebody else just says
listen everything stops until we have a
debate and a vote on tariffs everything
stops until we have a debate and a vote
on seizing children at the border
everything stops until we have a debate
and a vote on you saying we should
suspend due process I think that
approving new judges more judges is
important that's one of the roles we are
as Senator McConnell says often we're in
the personnel business in the Senate
most of the votes that we've had this
year have been to advance the
president's executive calendar nominees
for ambassadorships cabinet-level
officials and and also judges that's
important but it can't be everything we
do and that's where I think myself and a
few others have come down on saying that
can't be everything we do and if we we
have to use that to say all right let's
not move forward on more judges at war
the president's executive calendar until
we fulfill our constitutional obligation
until we at least register our opinion
on tariffs for example and let people
know where we are and let the president
know where we are
III think a lot of us are tired of
saying we'll only take something up if
the president agrees with right like on
immigration reform
we'll only take it up if he says he's
going to sign it well he said he wasn't
going to sign Russia sanctions but we
passed it anyway 98 to 2
he found a way to like it right that
that's our role as the article one
branch and and so that I think if all we
can do is to say let's put the
president's executive calendar on hold
judges nominees for other appointments
on hold until we can actually vote on
some of these things or till we get a
commitment that on this bill this
appropriation measure this FAA bill you
may need a revenue bill to do a tariff
vote on then we simply won't go forward
and you hate to have to go there but in
this case it wouldn't be me saying I'm
gonna put a hold on something you don't
have to do that it would just be me
saying I will vote no mm-hmm and that
may be enough so I do think that you
have another Republican that will go
with you well I mean I I don't want to
speak for my colleagues I know that bob
Corker has certainly been an important
voice on us registering our opinion and
and saying something on tariffs these
tariffs I can tell you well Europe fully
you know retaliates for what we're doing
to them when Canada and Mexico fully do
and we'll see that in the coming weeks
this is going to be bit and that cause
are in their whole state gale trade will
cost American jobs and their
working-class voters who pay for it the
most say let's measure um tariffs to
what's going on at the border and I'm
sure a lot of people are gonna a lot of
people are gonna have some questions
around the table about this but let me
just ask you about the fact that access
is denied these facilities where
three-month-old children have been
seized from their mothers in New York
City driven 2,000 miles from the border
up here nine-year-olds but again some
four or five month old children with
with no identification on who their
parents are where they are shouldn't
senators be able to go in and look at
these facilities because right now
they're being treated like black science
well you would certainly thinks of you
think a week after the administration
well I should have realized before that
but a week
after the public really engaged on this
you still have instances where parents
don't know where their very young child
or toddler is or vice versa meymaneh
balandin you all do what can you all do
to get in so senators can go in and see
House members can go in to see if the
American Red Cross who is said that they
stand willing and able to go in and
inspect but they have not been granted
access by the administration I expect
that that you'll be having senators
today because we're now almost a week
into this say hey we want access or we
want these groups to have access and I
just don't know how the administration
will say no I just don't know how they
can't know the president has tweeted
this senator flake I've tried to stay
uninvolved with the Department of
Justice and FBI although I do not
legally have to because of the now
totally discredited and very expansive
witch-hunt currently going on but you
had you do have to ask why the DOJ and
FBI aren't giving over requested
documents so first of all that of course
is most of that is false he has
interfered non-stop he talks about how
it's a very expensive witch-hunt costs
more to pay for his trips to his golf
courses in this investigation so far
which is my god I think it's like maybe
about a tenth of ken starr's
investigation
how do members of the Senate ensure that
and certainly some Republicans have come
out and been really strong on this and
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee
and said let Muller finish investigation
what do you feel like the the Senate
will stand firm to make sure that he can
finish his investigation Robert Koller I
sure hope so
I'm on the Judiciary Committee we did
pass legislation to protect the Special
Counsel I don't know if it's
constitutional we'll we'll see in the
coming you know months if that's needed
I hope that it isn't I hope that that
just signaled to the administration we
will stand here there's a line in the
sand at some point but the president is
can
to try to muddy the waters try to engage
the public against a special council
gratefully I think that the judiciary
that institution has held people have
recused themselves when they should have
they're moving on the special council is
moving on so we and the press is
certainly I think held the institution
at holding the president's feet to the
fire as they should hold every president
regardless of party two feet to the fire
but what Congress does I have been
concerned certainly about the house and
the Intel committee and the partisan
role that seems to play the Senate Intel
committee has done a good job on a
bipartisan basis to move forward so I
chair min Richard Burr that's we're
working with his ranking Warner they've
done a good job so you see that well I
have been concerned that more recently
more members of the Senate more
Republicans have said all right Moeller
wrap this thing up I think that the
response ought to be carrier through and
go where the facts go and and we'll see
but I I'm hopeful that the Congress will
will hold as an institution that should
hold the executive branch to account
Mike senator I used to be able to name
every member of the United States Senate
across decades I used to be able to do
it and some of them I'm sure you are
aware of this were true giants both in
the Senate and in American history so my
question to you now is why do so many
members your colleagues in the United
States Senate
specifically seemingly are afraid of a
tweet from the president United States
well it is remarkable and I wonder the
same thing why we don't more jealously
guard our institutional prerogative and
say you know hey we're the article one
branch let's act like it yeah and and
let's not be swayed or let's not
determine what legislation we consider
based on what the president has tweeted
or based on what he says he will support
because that can change over time I was
very involved in immigration I have been
for
long time but in the dacha fix that we
tried to get we had a changing position
almost hourly for a couple of days there
from the White House
so trying to divine where the White
House is at any given moment on some of
these issues is very difficult and we
shouldn't in the Senate in particular
it's always been the body that with
six-year terms you see beyond the next
hill you see beyond the next
administration you're a body that never
goes out because there are always
two-thirds who don't stand for election
and it's painful frankly to see us
become so supine and and willing to let
the administration go on policy or other
matters but you're paying a political
price and you have chosen that path so
that you can speak honestly and speak
your mind and Republicans may well lose
your seat when it comes up for
reelection in the midterm do you think
that Republicans are still going to be
able to hold the Senate I did difficult
to lose the Senate given a map that we
have you know it was such a bad year for
Republicans in 2012 when I first ran
there it's just so few up and the races
are in the right places for Republicans
but it's not impossible and that's
certainly the concern and the problem
you have obviously is you have primaries
where you know 90% of the Republican
Party is with the president and firmly
and and when you pull and ask what's the
most important issue to you it used to
be jobs or the economy now
overwhelmingly it's are you with the
president it has become that tribal and
and those who voiced dissent with some
of the president's policies or fail to
condone his behavior at all times
our suspect and and it's not just you
know worrying about a tweet from the
president it's worrying going about
going to the next precinct meeting where
the question are you with the president
why aren't you with the president hmm
Senator Jeff Flake thank you very much
for being on thank you thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and in
n-b-c thanks so much for watching
