let me ask you quickly because I know
there are a lot of people who are
watching you right now Pete who also got
addicted to this popular Netflix series
the making of a murderer and they were
trying to get an appeal the Supreme
Court ruled on that well the Supreme
Court said it's not going to take that
case this was the case of a young man he
was convicted in a brutal murder and the
only evidence against him was his own
confession and what his lawyer said is
that he's a person who had intellectual
difficulties and that over the course of
three days for hours at a time
investigators in essence fed him certain
key facts which he then repeated back
and when the investigation when the
interrogation was all over he seemed to
have so little understanding of what
happened that he said can I go back to
class now I have an assignment due in
sixth period so they said the Supreme
Court should take this case and look at
the question of forced interrogations
and what the rights are especially for
young people minors and people with
intellectual difficulties this case was
this murder this making of a murderer
series on Netflix was very popular
people were so upset about the
convictions in the case that they
actually sent something like 400,000
petitions to the White House under
President Obama of course he couldn't do
anything about the case since it was in
state not federal court and a
president's apart and powers only extend
to federal cases but in any event the
Supreme Court is not going to hear this
case and his conviction stance
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
