we've got breaking news out of the
Supreme Court so let's go right to NBC
News justice correspondent Pete Williams
who's outside the court what did they
say in there Pete well just a couple of
weeks after the Supreme Court decided a
case involving a Colorado Baker by
saying that he got a raw deal in the
lower courts and throwing his case
ruling it for him in a very narrow way
this is a baker who refused to serve a
same-sex marriage today the Supreme
Court threw out a lower court ruling
against a Washington state florist who
refused to provide flowers for a
same-sex wedding saying that would
violate her religious principles and
interfere with her relationship with
Jesus Christ now what the Court did is
vacate the lower court ruling or race
toss out the lower court ruling against
her and send the case back with
instructions to the Washington state
courts to derive lessons from the
court's ruling in the Colorado Baker
case to which I think many people would
say good luck with that
because when the Supreme Court ruled in
the Colorado Baker case it's sort of
dodged the question of how to balance
these competing interests of on the one
hand gay rights and on the other hand
religious freedom so it tossed the core
of the case back to the Washington State
courts now it's good news for the
florist because it wipes out a ruling
against her and the state and the couple
is going to have to start all over again
and who knows how it's going to come out
this time but it is I think good news
for the Washington State florist
although what it means for the larger
issue of balancing gay rights and
religious freedom is anybody's guess hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
