welcome to the second hour of KCDC there
is new reporting just out from the New
York Times that President Trump has
expressed regret over signing the
executive order that ended separation of
migrant families the time says the
president has been quote complaining to
aides about why he could not just create
an overarching executive order to solve
the problem according to two people
familiar with the deliberations aides
have had to explain to the president why
a comprehensive immigration overhaul is
beyond the reach of his executive powers
joining me on set senior political
reporter for Yahoo News John Warren
Washington bureau chief for vice news
Shawna Thomas is still with us and
political reporter for The New York
Times Ken Vogel joins the conversation
as well and joining us from New York
senior reporter for Vanity Fair MSNBC
contributor and author of born Trump
Emily Jane Fox thank you all for being
here I want to start with this report
from Maggie Haberman ten vogel your
colleague at the New York Times
essentially saying that the president
wishes that he hadn't done what he did
last week he wants to do something more
sweeping but oh wait he can't meanwhile
he seems to have tweeted that the
Congress shouldn't do anything because
they can't until they get more seats in
the Congress yeah and you see that
regret being telegraphed a little bit in
those tweets today where he's talking
about when someone comes into our
country illegally we should send them
back from where they came immediately
with no judges or court cases that seems
to directly contradict the executive
order which says we will keep the
families together we won't separate the
families while they await processing
through while they are given due process
and then he flips and says oh no due
process so you see a little bit of
regret there you also see him kind of
saying see I told you so like this
wasn't this wasn't a viable solution in
the first place and it's yet another
twist in this very difficult to track
administration position on this very
thorny issue right well in the reality
is as long as it is simply executive
action the president could undo what he
did last week at any point and it
doesn't seem as though Congress is
getting ready to act meanwhile the Trump
administration is releasing data on the
number of migrant children who have been
reunited with their parents Department
of Homeland Security says more than 500
kids have been placed back with their
families while another 2,000 remain in
custody
meanwhile the town of Tornillo Texas
hundreds of demonstrators rally against
the White House's zero-tolerance
immigration policy it is the second
straight day of protests in the town an
NBC News correspondent Cal Perry is
there he was in the middle of all the
action Cal I think you know one one
challenge here and one one thing that
we're trying to make sure what we're
doing from our vantage point here in
Washington is to keep the focus on
reuniting these children and to see if
in fact the government is able to start
to do that effectively what are you
hearing from the ground about how those
efforts are going our officials working
in ways that that seem to be effective
or are there kids who right now are not
not finding their parents you know the
crazy thing about this story has been
the lack of access that we've had to the
facility behind me there are some 250 to
270 kids on this government-run compound
in the tent city and so our information
has been coming from lawmakers as they
come
and they try to penetrate this facility
they've been walking to the fence line
some of them invited some of them not
and they've been getting into a various
degree you know the senior senator from
New Mexico was here Senator Tom Udall he
actually didn't get in a couple of days
ago he was shown some CCTV footage it
really upset him because of course he's
the senior senator from New Mexico
Washington getting to see the kids
he came here yesterday and he saw them
and when he came out that was my first
question to him was what about this
reunification when are these 250 kids
gonna get back to their families and he
said look I asked the officials that
inside the facility and I was told that
I the senator had to call back in a week
so I think that just speaks to the sort
of haphazard nature that this all came
together in the past week when you know
these senators are going in and they're
asking for a plan and they're asking for
details to the plan and they're being
told look just like the families you're
gonna have to call back on Monday
morning when we try to get our act
together Casey Cal have you seen any
evidence of a material change in policy
since the executive order was signed I
mean our agents doing doing things
differently do you see evidence that
families are in fact being kept together
you know there's a lot of people waiting
on the bridges that come from Juarez
here into El Paso and those those
families are waiting because while the
policy has maybe shifted because of the
executive order there's a lack of trust
there that the federal government's
gonna actually carry out those wishes
certainly the policy hasn't changed for
the kids in the tent city behind me
they're caught in this really weird
loophole they're the they're just
sitting there sort of after the old new
policy has changed because of the
executive order but it's not clear how
the executive order actually affects
them because they're already in custody
so really unclear how they're gonna be
reunited with their families and keep us
in mind Casey you know a lot of these
kids their parents are already back
somewhere in central latin america and
so these kids are you gonna end up with
a relative or they're gonna end up
getting deported or in some cases
they're gonna end up in a third party
home somewhere across the US and that's
really you know the concern here as this
kind of shakes out around the country
casing mmm calipari antonio texas your
tireless my friend thanks for your great
work down there i really appreciate it
john word i want to get your take on
this broadly because I mean this
especially this reunification challenge
me there are a lot of you know
charitable groups around the country
that that are involved in in the foster
care system around these kids but you
have seen I mean this was the one place
where evangelical leaders broke with
this president you have you know the
argument that people who are seeking
asylum are not illegal immigrants you
know what is that what is the path
forward here yeah well I mean I to to
Congress's point to the point of
lawmakers trying to get into those
facilities you would think that very
very soon we would see lawmakers holding
hearings and hauling some of these
people up to get answers if they really
do want to get answers that should be
happening this week they could do it but
I think more broadly my my interest in
this is how did we get here why is the
administration apart from the fact that
this is a issue that plays politically
well for the president pushing so hard
on this because if you look at the
numbers you know 20 years ago you had
150,000 people coming across the border
every month it's now this year been
below 50,000 it's come up a little bit
this you know the last couple months
right and Richard angle did some good
reporting this morning on Meet the Press
about some of the causes of that and
sent
America but I think it really just
raises the question of is this anything
else than the president just sort of
betting on nativism and xenophobia in
the country and I think if you look at
some of the poll numbers sure yeah three
out of four Republicans think immigrants
should be punished if they come across
the border but I also think you've got
you know the lowest amount of people in
20 years who think that immigration
should be reduced so I'm not sure
there's a lot of questions out there
about whether or not this is a political
winner for Trump he certainly thinks it
was a 2016 and he seems to be going that
direction he's making that bet again
yeah when I was on the border I spoke
with an immigration attorney Andrew
Nahor who represents undocumented
parents who have been separated from
their children and is usually meeting
with clients at that same facility two
or three days a week you've been doing
work on reunifying these families I mean
there are still over a thousand children
who are separated from their families
how do they go about finding their
parents that's a big question because
even the executive order was very thin
on details so it seems like the
administration didn't put a lot of
thought into any type of policy or
system to reunite the families even
before the executive order so we're
still scrambling to first find out where
the children are and then figure out how
and where the reunification will take
place what about in the cases where the
kids are so young you know we've heard
stories eight months old eleven months
old they can't advocate for themselves
how do you reunify those families that's
been the biggest problem because it
seems that the children that were
separated from parents were basically
lumped together with a lot of the
unaccompanied children who came by
themselves without any distinction
between what the background of the child
was and so that system has literally
thousands of children in it and trying
to find the child pick that child up and
pick that child out of the group has
been very difficult especially when the
child can't verbalize and can say hey I
came here with my mother her name is
so-and-so and this is where she is so
we're very concerned about that because
this seems to have been no thought into
that reunification process specifically
for the particularly young children the
toddlers
babies across the country the families
who have taken in these migrant children
have witnessed firsthand the pain and
suffering that they have endured we
spoke with a foster mom in Michigan who
asked that we obscure her face to
protect her identity she and her husband
have been involved with the refugee
foster care program for nearly six years
and have put up close to 100 children
from other countries including a
five-year-old boy who arrived on
Wednesday it's a boy
he arrived this morning after many
delays of a flight trying to get here
and right now not trusting adults and
very quiet although he's been made a
little bit of progress this morning when
kids first come like that and they're
very quiet and shy and just you can tell
they're really overwhelmed we will make
their world very small and then expand
it as they start to explore and try to
help them in healthy ways start to
adjust to being in our home there seems
to be more of an intensity with the
reactions of the kids as far as you know
what's happening what's happening what's
happening they don't they seem to know
less of what's happening and that always
creates so much trauma on top of the
trauma of the journey on top of the
trauma of why they left their country in
the first place
kids very upset they just don't know
what's going on the anxiety level just
again it's very very high stomach
problems they don't want to eat sleeping
troubles it's been very difficult to
watch them we had a little girl that
just left not too long ago and that was
all she said was mom mom mom mom she had
two words and they basically amounted to
mom and grandma it's what she was saying
and it probably was two weeks before she
said anything else obviously some people
cope with some things better than others
but it will it will definitely some
people will probably never recover from
being separated for this time period
really heartbreaking Shauna Thomas it
does seem and she this is somebody who
has been helping deal with this problem
for many years but the difference of
course is how much more difficult it is
for a child who is physically separated
from their pair
as opposed to one who I mean that we
have had many children who've come here
alone yeah and I think a lot of these
foster parents have have dealt with
those unaccompanied minors who are
usually a little bit older because they
came with coyotes or whatever I think
what that interview really exemplifies
is this idea that the story is not going
away until basically all 2,000 of the
kids who are left find their parents or
the government finds their parents and
from a political standpoint who that's
that's that's not great for the Trump
administration but there there's a news
organization that wants to be with the
last kid that finds their parents so
this story keeps going and we know that
there is overall just it's I mean
perhaps the government does know how to
get the kids back together with their
parents and there are these number these
ID numbers the parents and the kids are
given to try to help that happen but as
long as there is message confusion as in
no one seems to like have a straight
answer right how you're going to do is
right exactly that this will keep being
a political question this will keep
being a policy question this will be
something that members of Congress
whether that be Democrats or Republicans
are going to continue to ask the
administration for answers just like the
press is going to continue to ask the
administration for answers and so that's
all those different threads that will
keep this story going and maybe we
should keep this story going because hey
kids are not with their parents but it's
a but it's it's just gonna keep going
and going until they figure this out
right Emily Jane Fox and to that point
as well I mean you've written
extensively about the president his
relationships with his family what all
of that is like and clearly he is very
motivated by what he sees on TV these
images have been very difficult and very
powerful but also by what his daughter
and reportedly his wife have been saying
to him behind the scenes sure I think
that there are a lot of people behind
the scenes who have said to the
President and to the president's family
this is not an issue that you want to be
on the wrong side of and there really is
one thing for you to do and that's to
get these children back with their
parents and I think that there was a
tremendous amount of political pressure
and per
some familiar familial pressure placed
on the president last week which is why
you saw him sign the executive order but
you now hear the reports from the New
York Times that he is regretful of
signing that order and so it just goes
to show you that no matter who whether
it's people on his family or people on
his face whatever kind of pressure
they're putting on him ultimately he is
the decider and the one who will make
his own choices and perhaps ultimately
regret those choices a couple of days
later and and reverse them completely
and of course according to a tweet from
a friend of the show Phil Rucker
milania's a trump is apparently giving a
speech where she talks about how
important it is to be kind
after the jacket last week yeah hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
