all right welcome back to our special
three hour edition of am joy live from
Sorrentino Texas where people are
protesting to end the separation of
families at the border according to the
government 2053 minors are still in
custody of HHS the Department Health and
Human Services and there's growing
concern over what's next for those
children MSNBC legal analyst Danny
Cevallos joins me now to unpack all of
this and Danny I have to tell you if
there's one thing that I am getting
asked about more than anything else and
that people seem to fear more than
anything else it's that children
particularly young children babies
toddlers being permanently separated
from their families and never being able
to go back to them and essentially being
put into the system in the United States
and then potentially adopted out by
American families that is something
people are really afraid of under you
walk us through it earlier but for those
who weren't watching earlier can you
just walk us through what the actual
real-world risks are of a person who was
deported back let's say to Guatemala
losing permanent custody of their child
and having their baby or toddler adopted
out to an American family federal and
state law requires a state to initiate a
termination of parental rights if a
child has been abandoned or neglected
for a period of 15 months within the
last 23 months now normally that system
works if you have a parent who is simply
addicted to drugs or disappears or is
even incarcerated that's what the system
is designed for but it doesn't really
allow for any avoidance of the negative
consequences when a parent is removed
from the country or detained in a
Federal Detention Center because of an
immigration violation so for that reason
anytime you hear the child has been
released and is in foster care my ears
perk up because having handled a lot of
these dependency cases I know that that
starts a long road where the parent has
to go through an obstacle course set by
the government to get
child back and if they do not at the end
of that road if the state can prove it
by clear and convincing evidence the
parental rights can be terminated and
the child can be adopted out and and a
lot of people are sharing an ABC story
from 2012 about a Guatemalan woman who
was arrested in an in a in an
immigration raid
she had an eleven month old child that
child was then of course taken from her
because she was incarcerated five years
later she was still trying to fight to
get the child back from the American
couple that had adopted the child
without her permission she did not win
that case she lost that case and that
was a very you know wasn't exactly the
if it wasn't troubling and president but
it is something that people are
definitely afraid of I want to do a
little D bunker II for some of the
people are following us on social media
that I've heard this a lot the question
of Betsy DeVos who is the education
secretary and a company that she is
being associated with and so my
producers please give me the name of it
Bethany Christian services I believe is
the name Bethany Christian services and
Bethany Christian services has been
assisting on its website it says that
it's trying to assist some of these
children a lot of people are afraid the
Deaf see de Vos eight funds Bethany
Christian services that's not quite true
she for her Family Foundation funded one
of these Religious Freedom Restoration
Act in her home state of Michigan
that religious freedom Freedom
Restoration Act would allow Bethany
Christian services and other Christian
based adoption agencies to not adopt
children out to couples who were gay so
that's what that was it's not been her
family funds Bethany Christian however a
lot of people are freaked out about
Bethany Christian so I want to play the
voicemail message that we were able to
obtain if you call Bethany Christian
this is what you'll hear take a listen
hi you have reached Bethany Christian
services national office and voicemail
line in regards to family separation
thank you for contacting us please
listen to the following message
carefully Bethany continues to work to
reunify families that have been
separated at the border
long before the zero-tolerance policy
was implemented Bethany has been
proactive in partnering with federal
agencies to reunify unaccompanied and
separated children with their families
as soon as possible upon injury Homeland
Security works with partnering agencies
to place children and shelters or
transitional foster care we recognize
that living in large shelters can be
traumatic for children therefore Bethany
offers transitional foster care for
children in West Michigan and in
Maryland our goal is to keep children
safe until they can be reunified with
their families our staff work tirelessly
to locate parents or other family
members so that children can be
reunified with their loved ones and so
Danni should people be concerned that an
agency that does do adoptions is
involving itself in helping to find
transitional foster care for these
children who are being separated from
their parents
the initial goal is always reunification
and state law usually requires that so
the initial process has an eye towards
reunifying the parents with their child
but the parents can't meet any of the
requirements such as visitation or
something like that if they are detained
or removed from the country so yes the
initial goal is to try to reunify
children with their parents but to me as
soon as I hear children are being placed
with foster parents foster parents often
develop an attachment to the children
they seek to adopt and foster parents
can go to court they live nearby they
know where the courthouse is they can go
there a parent who has been removed
doesn't have the resources to go there
can't be there and may not even know
anything about the process and by the
time they find out it's possible that
parental parental rights have already
been terminated by a court Wow and and
one that I think the reasons people are
so concerned is that we have not been
given much access I mean you know the
great reporters from our team and from
other news organizations who've been
reporting on this hava nagila taxes
particularly the infants and the
toddlers and I think that's where a lot
of the concern is are there different
rules that apply in terms of the
placement of a child who was under five
years old because of what you said
because of the fact that a foster family
even if they're not a blood relative of
the child can become really attached and
may want to keep the child
the rules change as soon as they leave
federal custody then they are in the
than they're under the purview of the
state government whatever its respective
laws are but these systems try to
account for the special needs of young
children infants and children who have
physical conditions they try to make
allowances for that but again it is the
government so it doesn't always work
with perfect efficiency again anytime
you you you hand kids over to a facility
or foster parents you raise the
possibility that that foster parent will
develop a stronger attachment and a
stronger attachment might ultimately be
a consideration if a port is making a
best interest consideration here you
have a child in a home to parents they
live nearby they live in the state
they've complied with everything the
statute requires them to do meanwhile
you have a now removed parent who's
complied with nothing under the statute
because they can't yeah
and they've also pleaded guilty to a
crime
they've also quickly pleaded to a it is
a misdemeanor but they still pleaded a
guilty to a crime they're not physically
there there's a lot to unpack here and
we haven't even started talking about
the fact that some of the family members
who might want to take in these children
and foster them they may be concerned
about their own immigration status and
may not want to come forward or may be
afraid of being investigated if they try
to step forward and take these children
there's a lot to unpack we're gonna keep
talking about it MSNBC's Danny Cevallos
in McAllen Texas thank you very much
appreciate it
coming up more I am joy live from kaneo
Texas
okay number one it is large tax dollars
that he is using to separate these
families and to keep these families in
detention right so whose tax dollars are
they that's right hey thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there for more am joy and the rest
of MSNBC and click on any of the videos
right here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
