whether it was the Muslim travel ban or
the failure in Puerto Rico or this on
family separations the problem is that
this president and his administration
they use cruelty as a hobby incompetence
is their standard operating procedure
division is their tool and we cannot
leave it to chance we need to verify
that these children are being reunited
with their parents welcome back to our
three of this special edition of am joy
live from Tornillo Texas this area has
become a huge focus of the backlash
against Donald Trump's zero-tolerance
policy on immigration which includes
family separations right now behind me
people are rallying with a very clear
message to Trump reunite these migrant
kids with their moms and dads give them
back to their families this is one of
several protests happening across the
country today with that very message and
joining me now an actor an activist Mira
Sorvino
you are here with a sign that says no
human is illegal have a heart keep
families together reunite those
separated what if they were your
children there's something on the other
side we want to show folks on the other
side it says no it's done solos you are
not alone why did you come down here at
Mira this is my second rally slash
protest against family separation I'm a
mother I have four children my worst
nightmare is being separated from any of
my children have more than a minute or
so anything should come to them any
separation this is breaking my heart
this is a national humanitarian crisis
happening right on our soil we the
United States who have always considered
ourselves to be the bastion now the the
lighthouse of human rights in the world
we are failing miserably we are hurting
the most vulnerable people we are
keeping them in cages in detention
centers I hear they're being busted in
the middle of the night now no one can
see them they turn off the lights and
they bust them in because even they are
ashamed and they should be ashamed yeah
and we've had calipari was just here
talking about that issue about you know
moving kids in the middle of the night
in buses where you can't really see and
they're using tell we're using telephoto
lenses as journalists to try to find out
what's going on yes did you ever think
that you would see that kind of thing
those reports I feel that we are in
three Nazi Germany the stages of things
that are occurring on a daily basis the
obfuscation the lies the totalitarian
behavior is shocking and horrendous and
we have to be vigilant every you know
few scores years every you know forty
years there is another genocide
somewhere and we had a genocide here
against our own native indigenous
peoples and we enslaved we one out of
eight people living on US soil
pre Civil War was an enslaved person we
have a terrible record on human rights
actually we thought that we were doing
better now but we haven't been and we
aren't and you know I'm a goodwill
ambassador for the United Nations Office
on Drugs and Crime on human trafficking
and to see the United States pull out of
the UN Human Rights Council was so
horrifying to me because it sends a
message to the world that Donald Trump
and this administration are above the
law they are above international
standards they are beyond censure and
they can do whatever the hell they
please and and nikki Haley even used
economic threats to people you know
there's no there's no decency there's no
morality this is a moral issue and you
know what it doesn't matter which
administration's started which thing
this is happening right now yeah and
these children are being separated
there are over 2,400 migrant children
who are separated from their parents
right now and we don't know if they're
ever going to find them again I think
there has to be a total accountability
that each one of those children is
reunited there's chaos I mean 23andme is
issuing DNA kits to try and help parents
and children find each other but some
people have already been deported some
people have been are being sent to
adoption centers already yeah some of
these kids are being taken apparently
there's a Center in Michigan Betsy to
Bosses Center well she doesn't own it
she or her
to get into the sub player in the show
because there's a lot of talk about
Betsy deposits family funding a
Christian adoption sort of sinner that
it's volunteered on its website they're
talking about trying to help some of
these children but people are concerned
and we spoke earlier with any Savalas
one of our legal analyst at MSNBC who
said there is actually a danger that
some of these infants once they're
placed with a family for fostering at
the foster family to try to adopt yes
and how you know the infant's don't know
their parents names right and records
are lost it seems like a very chaotic
crazy process when they were separated I
mean yeah these parents were told that
their children were going to be taken to
be cleaned up to go take a bath or a
shower
doesn't have eerie echoes of the
concentration camps in Germany where
people were told all they needed to do
was go to the showers and clean up some
of these parents may never see their
children again and another report that I
read said that one one border officer
quit their job because they've been
working there for a long time and they
saw a teenager trying to comfort a
crying toddler and one of the staff
members told them it wasn't allowed and
separated them and scolded them for that
yeah and this is just inhumane this is
not who we are in our hearts as
Americans even though our past deeds
have been terrible at times we aspire to
something higher this is supposed to be
a beautiful nation the American Dream is
is a gorgeous dream and we're all
immigrants unless we are native peoples
unless we're indigenous we are all
immigrants Donald Trump's family is an
immigrant Jim
hands of Aryan 1808 Mike my grandparents
came to this cut my grandfather came to
this country at four years old had to
work in a sweatshop only got an eighth
grade education and yet all of his sons
have contributed extraordinary to the
society you know you and I are both
Harvard grads like immigrants contribute
to this country they do not diminish it
they come here with a drive and a
passion to make a better life for their
families
adds to this country yeah absolutely
well you're gonna speak here today well
thank you for joining us joining us I'm
sure that folks here appreciate it and
as we before we leave I want to ask you
did mention that you work with the UN
you know office the deals with things
like drug policy and human trafficking
are we doing enough to explain to the
American people what is happening in
these countries like El Salvador in the
northern triangle in Guatemala that is
actually sending people I think there's
a real confusion here you know and Trump
is trying to paint all of these people
as illegal criminals who are breaking
our laws when so many of them are asylum
seekers right so many of them have
risked life and limb to get here to
escape something that is far worse than
the uncertainty of what might happen
here and you know young children these
if these children are separated from
their parents and if they're sort of
cast back they will probably be
trafficked a child alone in some of
these some of these places there is so
much danger so much vulnerability for
them you can't separate families and
then just kind of well go there go there
you know we don't know what happened to
them you have to know what happened to
them we these people are in our care now
and we are a humane society and Trump is
acting like we are not Trump is acting
like our ethos is something brittle and
brutal and cool and that is not who we
are as Americans and I defy that I say
resist I said we have to vote them out
but 100 percent today we're here for the
children we need to let people know that
this is blistering 100 degree heat here
these children are intense cities far
from their families along here with no
sense of home with no sense of comfort
with no sense of what is going to happen
in the future and this is going to
traumatize them for a very long time
you know a small separation from parents
could be very traumatic for a child
imagine days weeks months possibly years
it's frightening Mira Sorvino thank you
so much we really appreciate you being
here I'm sure the folks back there the
activists appreciate you being here
thank you thank you we're gonna show the
back of your jacket can we show your
cover to the chair to show it but you
you've worn a jacket here that is
reminiscent of the jacket that we saw
yeah Melania Trump have on into one
let's turn around okay as we recover
your side there it is there it is that's
the back of the jacket it says we care
we care this is we care yeah I go to
break let's take a listen to another one
of the speakers who are on the stage
behind very me thank you I cannot
believe we live in a country where it is
okay for the government not to tell us
where children are I cannot believe we
live in a country the only country in
the entire world that incarcerates
children for migrant for immigration
status I cannot believe we live in a
country the holes children hostage to
push a political agenda and most
importantly I cannot believe it's
happening in my home and so I
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
