they want to use the issue and I like
the issue for election to our issue is
strong borders no crime their ratio is
open borders let ms-13 all over our
country that's what's gonna happen if
you listen to them welcome back to a
special edition of am joy we are
bringing you two more hours of live
coverage from Tornillo Texas where
hundreds are expected to gather people
are already gathering behind me to
demand justice for immigrant children
who remain in limbo after being
separated from their parents it's just
one of the many rallies pushing back on
the deeply unpopular shocking quite
frankly immigration policies of Donald
Trump on Saturday the Department of
Homeland Security released a fact sheets
saying that of the more than two
thousand kids in custody five hundred
and twenty two of them they say have
been reunited with their parents the
agency also says that eighty-three
percent of these children in custody
arrived in the u.s. unaccompanied by a
parent now it's still unclear when more
families will be reunited but DHS says
the process typically began shortly
after parents go through their portrait
feedings joining me now is director and
activist Rob Reiner one of the many
public figures voicing opposition to
administration and his wife Michelle
writer producer of shock and awe thank
you very much both of you for coming
down for her so let's first talk about
what the government is saying because
one of the things that I was talking
yesterday with lawrence O'Donnell on the
show and he made a really good point
that you know at this point these are
their claims but it's very complicated
to just accept it at face value
yeah but the truth of the matter is
there is no crisis except for the one
that donald trump created there is no
crisis here
but he created one and clearly all he's
interested in it that's at this point
let's cut to the chase this is about
racism this is pure and simple racism
that's all it says he's hoping that the
people who support him will be ginned up
and
and running to the polls to make sure
that brown people don't come into
America that's exactly what's going on
here
and he and and and in the process he's
destroying families yeah I mean at
minimum Michelle it seems that that the
Trump administration the political
people in his on his team believe that
the base of the Republican Party will be
more moved by this by separating brown
children and parents then they will for
instance buy his tax cut because that's
not what they're selling they're telling
him no this is the issue that makes you
look strong because I hate to repeat
what he just said but this is base on
racism period as they like to say that's
all this is they they don't want more
brown people coming into this country
and taking theirs jobs
immigration is lower than it's ever been
there's no crisis at the border and it's
just an inhumane unconscionable act that
they did by separating children and I
have to tell you my mother was
announcements she got separated from her
entire family
lost her entire family I never thought I
would live to see something like that
particularly in this country ever again
in my lifetime
yeah it's hideous and by the way as a
fellow Jew I'd like to hear Ivanka speak
up
where is Ivanka not just where are the
girls where is Ivanka you know her
mission is women and children she's here
to help them as well as Melania
supposedly where are they weren't they
out there speaking out and screaming
about this and and becoming the face of
reorganizing and you know getting the
kids in the parents together again where
are they where is she and the next thing
that we're talking about Rob is
indefinite family detention so not
letting the children out of the cages
which is putting the families in with
them yeah no this is this is this is
inhuman what we're doing in the United
States of America is inhuman and you
mentioned it a second ago he launched
this campaign basically saying Mexicans
are rapists they're murders that's what
he's still selling it's the only thing
he can sell to that racist base of his
and that's what he's been doing he
started his political career and saying
Obama was not a legitimate president
this is all a reaction the people who
support him are
frightened to death of this country
becoming the Browning of America
it's about immigration it's about people
coming down that we've been doing this
for hundreds of years it helps the
country it makes the country stronger we
need immigrants to help boost our
economy and everybody knows that this is
xenophobia pure and simple and crime is
lower where there's so everything that
he's been saying is a lie he lies about
everything and his base agrees with him
and Fox propagates it and then that's it
then you got 40% of the people who just
believe that and we're here in El Paso
which is one of the safest cities in
America yes Mexico is literally the
right there you can see it from here you
can walk over to it you know Michelle
you talked about your family's
experiences and you know there is that
there's the Godwin's law which by the
way God would have self suspended for
Donald Trump which says that you you
know when you make the analogy to the
1930s Germany you you go too far but
there are a lot of people who are
talking about the fact that it didn't
begin with the violence against Jewish
people begin with the rhetoric about
people being vermin about people
infesting the country about people being
criminals and you're that that rhetoric
is pretty consistent and that is one of
the things I think that's destabilizing
and really frightening a lot of people
they follow the exact pattern that
Hitler has I hate to say it with the
propaganda even down to the Red Cross
went into outfits they cleaned it up for
two days it looked fine they went back
they said everything seems fine there
you know and his playbook say this and
when Melania did that ridiculous trip in
that ridiculous shirt and went down
there yeah I don't I don't care who do
you what do you what do you make of the
fact you know Rob I go by I go back a
lot to tell home the family I feel like
it's one of those cultural touchstones
because it really captured a moment in
US history when this anxiety about
social change about demographic change
was really captured in a really
brilliant way although Archie had this
humanity to him right but he did have
that fear yes he was definitely he was
definitely frightened the man who was a
bigot yeah he was a racist we made fun
of it we attacked him for it and then it
seemed that we were moving in a good in
a good direction
you know we've seen great actors you
know in Oprah and we had Barack Obama
become president we seem like we're
going in a good direction but what we
didn't understand is obviously racism
has been here forever but it was kind of
tamp down a little bit and then along
comes Donald Trump and he gives it voice
and it brings it right back to the
surface and it's shocking that there are
40% as you say or 46% yeah those people
who are supporting what he's doing here
our races period it's distressing you
know I want to quote Sean Spicer when
you look at the polling 55% of Americans
only 55% disagree with the policy of
separating children from their parents
when they cross the border unlawfully
27% agree with it when you break it down
by by party 14% of Democrats not sure
what that's all about agree with it 46%
of Republicans are Ford only 32% are
against it and 56% of independents are
against the 29er for it you still have a
ton of majority it's not over 50% of
Republicans but it's more Republicans
are for it than or not yeah not just
partisanship is that just no no no it's
more than partisanship because that 46%
represents twenty five percent of the
country and 25 percent in the country
whether it's twenty five twenty thirty
percent are hardcore racists they do not
want to see brown people coming into
America that's that's just what's going
on here I mean think about this
immigrants are less likely to commit
crimes yeah than people who live here
people who are striving so hard to get
to this country what a better life
they're not here to commit runs that's
not saying that there isn't crime and
that there isn't drug run of course
there is but that is way down way way
down from where it was we saw a million
six hundred thousand people coming in
last year we saw three hundred thousand
yeah it is way down so this is a crisis
this one particularly is one that donald
trump created yeah the movie that you
produced is called shock and awe and
that is another phrase that's been
ringing in my head a lot Michelle
because it feels like what the Trump
administration does
they just do a lot they do a lot all at
once they're reorganizing the federal
government and putting Department of
Education inside the Department of Labor
and there's you know talk about D
naturalizing immigrants and this and the
detention and it all happens so quickly
I wonder how people can even stop to
process it all let alone deal with it
well they bring up these things like
these cruel made-up crises to obviously
what's really going on I never read this
article last night it's astounding what
they're breaking apart and and you know
putting into the private sector it's
just really scary with this government's
doing and because of all this you know
hoopla don't look over there we're doing
this here you know people are noticing
and it's really really see and it's also
every single thing that Obama did every
single thing and don't tell me that's
not racist what's a day of the Obama
administration protection for our oceans
Oh Hollywood's getting involved again
why is how they were talking again in
the arts have really been standing up
against Donald Trump really firmly
against it what's the balance on how
much that helps how much that doesn't
help what do you think I think it helps
if you understand the issues that you
can speak intelligently about them I
think it doesn't help when you say F
Trump that kind of stuff doesn't help
but if you understand what's going on
and you can put it in context we have a
president who does not understand the
nexus between politics policy and
government and how that all works so he
just throws something out that he knows
his base will lap up but he doesn't know
how that's going to ultimately be
implemented and how it's going to play
out and so he winds up with this insane
policy yeah and in
I think at the end of the day I think
what a lot of people ask is why do
people feel a bit helpless and it other
than marching and that's important in
showing sort of visible opposition do
you get that question a lot from to do
what you do is you mobilize you make
sure that you have you get your vote out
you get them registered because right
now there's no check on this president
coming from her Congress in order to
make that happen we have to take back
the house in the Senate to put a check
on this a guy who has absolutely no clue
as to how anything works is it surprise
you that more Republicans aren't
speaking out it's been put a smile on
that guy's absolutely shocking they're
spineless and I mean if they're only
concerned about the reelection it's a
pretty pathetic you know use of their
time and that seems to be what they're
doing yes they have absolutely no
backbone and nope no con you know Paul
Ryan how would you feel if your baby was
taken away from you I'd like to know how
all these people would feel if it was
their babies I want them to listen to
those tapes those six-minute tapes of
the babies crying or the mothers
screaming for their kids
it's unconscionable it's unconscionable
yeah Marsha Blackburn trying to stop
Congressman Lou from plane oh that audio
is insane you're gonna speak today what
are you gonna say well I'm gonna I'm
gonna say what I've been saying which is
we need to get this man out of there
this man is poisonous to our democracy
we're right now at a point where
democracy is hanging by a thread I mean
right now the courts are holding and
right now the press a big chunk of the
press is doing their job but there's a
big chunk of the press that is fighting
back and pushing another narrative and
it's hard to break through to those
people so I'm gonna talk about what we
need to do to save 241 years of
self-rule it's it's it's being tested
right now we're getting tested to quote
that new book that just came out he is
evil he is evil and the thing is I
thought I'll come in and he
really no because he's not that smart he
doesn't you know he'll just do a
showmanship thing but he's evil and how
he's treating people and dismantling
everything to help anybody else in this
country except for the top 1% of which
he claims to not be it's you know that's
the joke of it all but yeah he's not a
good man are you more worried or more
hopeful today where I'm worried but I'm
also hopeful I'm hopeful because because
you know I do believe in that in the
decency of human yeah but they haven't
done anything about the cyber attacks
they haven't done anything to change
what happened in 2016 the same box the
same things are going on that went on
then what's changed what's to stop
Russia from taking over this election
2008 what's changed in my opinion is
that Donald Trump is in the white house
and that will hopefully energize us to
the point where we will overcome
gerrymandering will overcome Russian
interference will overcome essentially
state-run media and overwhelmed enough
so that we can we can do what we need to
do in this country
well Robin Michele Reiner I think you
give a lot of people hope you guys are
voicing I think a lot of people's fears
a lot of people's hopes as well and you
guys do that brilliantly we'll be
looking forward to hearing what you have
to say we'll be part casting here you're
gonna be a part of that crowd of that
event let's hear from Ivanka and Melania
get these kids backs with their parents
now I think you have gotten the message
to you is we actually to see something
hopefully with that message all right
coming up or am joy laughs Antonio Texas
thank you so much well done
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
