the policy stink they're no good they
have no ideas they have no nothing the
Democrats we should be able to make an
immigration bill that can really solve
the problem not just this this is one
aspect of it this is one very important
but small aspect of it Donald Trump
quickly sought to shift the blame for
the border crisis that he created on to
Congress and then on Friday he threw a
wrench in that process telling
Republicans they should stop quote
wasting their time on immigration until
the midterms two bills have been brewing
in the house
the more conservative bill failed the
other our so-called compromise bill
meaning a compromise between hardline
and more moderate Republicans with no
input from Democrats is set to get a
vote next week the bill among any among
many things ends family separation at
the border and offers dreamers a chance
for legal status and for some a path to
citizenship but it also gives Trump 25
billion dollars for his wall that Mexico
was supposed to pay for imposes drastic
reductions on legal immigration it makes
it harder to apply for asylum in the
United States joining me now to discuss
is congresswoman Pramila Jay Paul
Democrat representing the state of
Washington and congresswoman thank you
very much your advocacy this week has
been really important so thank you for
that thank you joy thanks for everything
you're doing on the show thank you so
let's talk about this bill the first
bill went away so this supposed
compromise bill that may come up for a
vote next week 25 billion dollars for
the wall Mexico was supposed to pay for
pathway to citizenship for some dreamers
and family separation but it also ends
the visa lottery limits family based
migration in favor of quote merit-based
programs and raises the bar for being
allowed to pursue asylum claims in the
u.s. does this bill have any chances of
passing and will it even get on the
floor in your view I don't think it has
a chance of passing because Republicans
have never been able to come together to
put together anything that they can get
on their own side but then they refuse
to talk to Democrats but I have a couple
things to say I mean first of all this
bill does not end family separations
very important for people to understand
that it actually codify z'n definite
family detention it takes away all the
court-ordered conditions for how you can
hold people what does that mean it means
things like clean drinking water toilets
it takes away all of that so just in
terms of the crisis of
the border it does nothing to fix that
crisis secondly you know you mentioned
some of the other hardline provisions
82% of dreamers would be locked out of
any permanent path to citizenship so
that means we're gonna have a permanent
underclass of people and then on top of
that you add that it has all these
draconian things and you know Joey what
I really appreciate about your show is
you're trying to get underneath just
sort of the top lines I don't think that
Trump and the Republicans have really
any desire to see a solution to any of
the immigration issues that we're
dealing with in fact they create crises
that's what Trump did by ending the daca
program and then you know this crisis
with families being separated children
being kept in cages they create those
crises because they are useful for
political reasons to drum up the racism
and the hatred and so what would happen
if we fixed immigration there would be
nobody to blame anymore and right now
immigrants and this is not just right
now it has been true as your previous
guests have been saying has been true
for some time but the level of discourse
now coming directly from the bully in
the bully pulpit is making it so much
worse because there's no filter and
Republicans have become the party of
Trump as you've been saying that they
they believe that it is in their
interest to continue to have Americans
think that all immigrants there's no
distinction here all immigrants brown
and black coming to the United States
are somehow going to do crimes to people
I don't think the American people are
actually buying that I just saw a new
poll in The New York Times saying 72% of
Americans do believe that immigration is
good for this country
but it is absolutely stoking racism for
political gain and to that very point
Mike Huckabee who used to sort of be
considered kind of the face of you know
sort of friendly Republican even gelled
was many many years ago but now he's
become this guy tweeted this today I
believe Nancy Pelosi introduces her
campaign committee for the take back the
house and it's a picture of tattooed
Latino men without shirts this idea of
demonizing and and only by the way when
it comes to the children taken away from
their parents
only showing the boys in grey
sweatshirts and pushing this idea among
their base that there are these hoards
of violent Latino men boys coming across
the border it's hard not to argue with
what you're saying that this is not an
electoral strategy does it frighten you
in a way that they believe that this is
but this will work on their base they
believe there are millions of people who
for whom this will work well it does
frighten me because I think we are
seeing the laying of conditions and
don't get me wrong this has been
happening over some time but never like
this from the White House so openly you
know and then with a series of policy
changes between Jeff Sessions Kristen
Nielsen a series of policy changes that
actually cement this kind of racism into
the system more than ever before and so
you know I it does frighten me and I'll
tell you you know it's it's it's
personal its political its collective
it's everything I am one of only a dozen
members of Congress who were born
outside of the United States I came to
India when I came to the United States
from India when I was 16 years old by
myself I now have the incredible
privilege of serving as the first Indian
American in the woman in the US House of
Representatives and you know every time
they just use words like infest invade I
mean the president used the word infest
invade this idea of invasion of brown
and black people this goes all the way
back as you well know very far in the
history of this country it is also what
happened in Nazi Germany it is what
happened during the Japanese internment
and people on both sides of the aisle
have been making this case Laura Bush on
the internment and and Michael Hayden
former CIA director saying these were
the conditions in the 30s that led to
what happened in the 40s and so I think
we have to be very very concerned about
what's happening and you know that is
the that's the issue yeah absolutely
well we know congressman that you will
be a part of the big protests next week
next weekend we will be in DC for that
hopefully you'll be available to come
back on again we want to talk to you
more about this thank you so much
congresswoman from engineering hall
thank you so much
and next up defending free speech in the
there I don't go away
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
