welcome back to am joy this morning
we're still trying to determine the
whereabouts of more than 2,000 migrant
children including babies who were
separated from their parents and who are
being held in locations across the u.s.
on the orders of the Trump
administration after a heart-wrenching
week we now know what Donald Trump's
zero tolerance on immigration actually
looks like in practice here's just some
of the events that happened during week
Republican leaders have spent a lot of
time talking about lifting up families
and caring for children talking about
their own kids that's not what's
happening on the southern border of the
United States this is a conscious policy
by the Trump administration to
systematically separate children from
their parents it is important to note
that these minors are very well taken
care of don't believe the press they are
very well taken care of we do not want
to separate children from their parents
we did not want adults to bring children
into this country unlawfully either ten
year old Robert told me that the gangs
were recruiting him in his school and
Christina the mother I need to ask you
if you had known that you could be
prosecuted for crossing the border
illegally and your children could be
taken away would you still have come
given these high levels of violence
equal to receive a neo Coss hobby okay
you're not possibly I get the key
Toronto see house yes she says she says
she wouldn't have come what's happening
is so sad is so sad and it can be taken
care of quickly beautifully and we'll
have safety so why doesn't the president
pick up the phone and change the policy
he said
I think what the president is trying to
do is find a long-term fix so why don't
we have Congress change the laws to
change since more illegal immigrants are
rushing the border more kids are being
separated from their parents and
temporarily housed and what are
essentially summer camp camps I mean
look I read today about a ten year old
girl with Down syndrome who was taken
from her mother and put in a cage I read
about a a did you say won't want to a
ten year old with Down syndrome anything
you burn down but the bottom line is
very searing you when you crash salutely
chair you certainly people that come in
violate the law they endanger their
children in the process and frankly they
endanger all of our children when you
prosecute the parents for coming in
illegally what should happen you have to
take the children away
in restaurant I'm all painted this is
incredible
Trump administration officials have been
sending babies and other young children
to at least three three tender age
shelters in South Texas lawyers and
medical providers just think I'm gonna
have to hand this off we're signing an
executive order I consider to be a very
important executive order it's about
keeping families together while at the
same time being sure that we have a very
powerful very strong border the number
of families that are there opposing as
families as quadruple crying across our
borders so you're you're having people
that are doing human trafficking
terrorists terrorists and cartel members
using usually through kids as their
terrorists in carton where is your
evidence for that where is an evidence
of a terrorist using a child to cross a
border I would like to see some evidence
of that go look at the kids that are
under the age of five years old that are
being in custody right now and see how
many of them were separated from true
parents as opposed to from cartel
members we have a 2,000 mile journey of
Mexico they walk through Mexico like
it's walking through Central Park it's
ridiculous we all know they're having
they're here without in fact
I want to thank you for your hard work
your compassion and your kindness this
is a picture of Melania Trump boarding
Air Force One to head down in McAllen
Texas to visit some of the children
being held in detention centers her
spokesperson told reporters quote there
was no hidden message I hope this isn't
what the media is going to choose to
focus on it was however something her
husband focused on he tweeted I don't
really care do you written on the back
of milania's jacket refers to the fake
news media Melania has learned how
dishonest they are and she truly no
longer cares the most extreme trumpets
in the Republican House offered an
immigration bill that got only 193 votes
when it needed 218 41 Republicans voted
against it Republicans didn't need any
Democrat Democratic votes to pass it but
they still couldn't do it
like it or not these aren't our kids
show them compassion but it's not like
he's doing this to the people of Idaho
or or Texas these are the American
citizens permanently separated from
their loved ones they're not separated
for a day or two days they are
permanently separated because they were
killed by criminal illegal aliens
rule 17 of the house the gentleman will
suspend you for the attention facility
why do you not let the American people
hear what they are saying the gentleman
will suspend
Wow okay joining me now lawrence
o'donnell MSNBC's host of the last word
with lawrence o'donnell MSNBC
correspondant Jacob Soboroff who's done
just incredible work covering this
crisis and he'll say Antonio Vargas
founder and CEO up to fine American
thank you gentlemen for being here I'm
gonna start with you Lawrence that felt
like it could have been a run down of a
year it was a running of a week you know
one of the things that's kind of struck
me about the Trump era is how its sort
of shock and awe it's constant this week
I felt like it was a different level
though I think a lot of people could not
have anticipated babies and cages babies
ripped away from their moms
breastfeeding your thoughts and and
those of us who couldn't should have
been able to yeah as this is well if we
listen to carefully this is what
candidate Trump was promising and yet
there is there is no concept more
shocking that has occurred during his
presidency we could do 15 minutes right
now on any one of those bits of
Hackett's word you just showed reviewing
this week but I think we know of all the
voices we just heard I think we know who
the most powerful and important voices
were and those that were those were the
voices of the faces we did not see yeah
of those babies and children crying on
that audiotape the most important tape
that was obtained this week those voices
controlled everything that happened in
this debate after those voices emerged
everything they were the most powerful
voices of the week no absolutely I mean
I you know I could totally relate to the
way that you know that Rachel Maddow
reacted to this idea of tender-age
shelters because I am not ashamed to
admit I sat home my couch
and cried listening to those those audio
tapes over and over those kids it took
what where I was couldn't take any more
but I kept listening to it Jacob you
know one of the things that you've seen
happen is people who support Donald
Trump sing at the same time sometimes in
the same sentence it isn't happening and
those people deserved it right if you
saw it so I completely you saw the
babies yeah that's right
I didn't see the the young kids on the
tape that Lawrence was talking about but
I did see those little babies same age
as my kids sitting in a cage by
themselves playing on the ground watched
over by a security contractor like the
type you would see in a warzone watching
over them as if it was a daycare worker
with social workers actually sitting
outside we are living in the midst of a
slow-motion national disgrace that the
president helped us see over the course
of the last week by throwing these
babies in a cage but this is 20 plus
years of failed immigration policy that
has brought us to this point has wrapped
up people like my friend Jose Antonio
Vargas and and it's not just about what
happened over the last six days it's
about our elected leaders in Washington
DC having no clue what happens down on
our southern border and the millions of
people that ultimately are affected by
the way that they perceive what's
happening well that's a good point
because they don't know they're not
there looking in it and so they are able
to paint a picture of this sort of hoard
of brown people running up from Central
America and storming into the country
which isn't true and sort of using that
fear to drive support for at this point
we're talking about interning yes
tens of thousands of people and also the
word right was it criminal illegal
aliens that's the new that's the new one
but I have to say I was just emailing
with some former would some colleagues
who use Orkut at the New York Times
every single news organization really
must examine itself in terms of how its
reporting on this issue and the words
and the language that they use so in the
New York Times in the Washington Post
and NPR still calls people eat illegal
right late now
what are what are we buying into for me
what I have to say is um how do I wonder
how this past week how parents have
explained to their kids where those kids
are what 2300 kids are still separated
from their parents
the front American is running a campaign
right now called hashtag reunite the
2300 like where are those 2300 kids and
how are they gonna get back with their
parents yeah I think we in the media
people who you know it's been wonderful
that so many people now care about this
right since it's been happening for a
while when I was arrested four years ago
we can't let up we have to really force
this administration to answer the
question of how are they going to
reunite these 2,300 kids with their
parents now were you remit a baby they
can't quite in our name they've answered
the question by saying we don't know you
have no idea how to do this therefore we
are creating what the government creates
when it doesn't know how to do something
a task for right that's a task force
that didn't exist yesterday
meaning yesterday they had no idea can I
tell you something I spoke with an HHS
official this morning and asked really
specifically does that mean number one
that all the 2,300 will be reunited with
their specific parents the people that
came to this country with and they can
answer that question they said there are
rare circumstances rare quote-unquote
where those kids aren't going to be
reunited with their parents also what
happens to the parents like the one
Richard Angle showed us last night that
have already been deported by their same
country may I ask you a question because
when you were down there and you saw
that the kids especially the infant's
because these are we're talking about
toddlers people like - this is a baby we
couldn't tell you his name right he's
baby are these children in some way
having their identities recorded in a
way that the parent could even figure
out let's say they've been sent to
Michigan and the parent has been
deported back to Guatemala
how would that parent in Guatemala who
now can't get back in and find that
child well the two separate questions
one is HHS tells me yes we record
specific information about every person
that we have in our custody and the
Border Patrol also assigns and homeland
security what's called an a number to
every undocumented immigrant that they
take into their custody as well it's
very hard to get that information if
you're trying to track folks but the
second part of this is if you're
deported back to Guatemala or Honduras
or El Salvador where ever you're
deported to you're not a rich person
you're not hiring a New York City
Attorney to go chase at Michael avenatti
you know down there talking to people to
chase after these folks and you're not
gonna be able to have the resources to
actually call up the Border Patrol or
DHA
for HHS and tracked down your child you
may not even have the resources to make
a long-distance phone call yeah get in
touch with that 800 number and then
Lawrence you know you last night I was
watching on Friday I was watching you
watching your show you don't you're not
you're not confident that even the 500
that the Trump administration claims
have been reunited have been or that it
I wouldn't worry under it yeah I would
anyone believe that 500 have been
reunited right because the
administration said yesterday 500 have
been reunited by the way almost all of
us are using the wrong number we keep
referring to this 2300 that was 2300 as
of June not sacred
doing it after that it's about a
thousand more than that yeah because
they were doing doesn't dozens a day
roughly a hundred a day so everybody's
off on this number by a giant and we're
still seeing pictures I had someone text
me pictures the other day which I'm
trying to see if we can verify of what
look like little kids sitting on a bus
after this suppose it executive or so
it's not clear I have to play I want to
play this for you specifically on San
Antonio Vargas this is Tucker Carlson
I think being honest about what in the
view of himself and other people who
support these ideas this is really about
this is Tucker Carlson on his John
Monday this is one of those moments that
tells you everything about our ruling
class they care far more about
foreigners than about their own people
no matter what they tell you this is not
about helping children so don't for a
second let them take the moral high
ground their goal is to change your
country forever so their goal was to
change your current what does that mean
when you hear that well when I hear that
that's Tucker Carlson defining American
for the Fox News audience right so
that's what I hear the also thing that I
hear is that we have been unable in the
past week now watching the news I have
to say Jacob just doing really an
incredible job and I couldn't watch it
just because I was there
we're still not asking why right I don't
think we're at the question of why these
kids are coming to begin with right like
what does u.s. foreign policy and US
trade agreements what we've done don't
do as well Kamala that's right what what
are the consequences of all of that
right and we're not asking why is it
these conflation of crime right all of
these conflation of you know these
foreigners all of this is naked racism
right we have to call it what it is and
again if you're a news organization and
you're not being honest with the
American people right you know watching
Masha
it was really hard not to think about
the fact that we are living in a fascist
regime and the the role of the press our
role to call it what it is in the spirit
of George Orwell is more important than
ever yeah this is racism plain and
simple it scares people but you have to
kind of face face it lawrence O'Donnell
is gonna be back later in the show thank
you very much Jacob Soboroff I present
you and Mariana Atencio have been
riveting your coverage has been
incredible and thank you Lawrence also
went down to the bar you guys have
really done an incredible job of making
sure that we see what we really see they
can show that we can believe our own
eyes on thank you very much both of you
and my friend Jose Antonio Vargas and
don't miss Jacob on Dateline
tomorrow night you must watch the 7:00
p.m. Eastern for the border special the
dividing line on n-b-c and up next Trump
tells Congress don't even bother
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
