when we think about Russian interference
in this 2016 election when we talk about
the active measures against our
democracy we're often talking about
basically three components you can think
of the first as the Russian hacking the
dissemination of those stolen campaign
emails we remember that number two the
Russian attempts to actually hack into
state election systems and then the
third is what we were actually just
touching on the influence operations to
target Americans on social media sites
to disrupt our discussions that we
thought we were having with each other
but then there's another mysterious
thing that also was happening in 2016
that we're still learning about it had
to do with Russian diplomats inside this
country political reporting it this way
this was a story actually first
published in the summer of 2017 these
diplomats widely assumed to be
intelligence operatives would eventually
turn up in odd places often in middle of
nowhere USA one found on a beach
another turned up wandering around in
the middle of the desert both seemed to
be lingering we're underground fiber
optic cables tend to run their
whereabouts let intelligence officials
to conclude the Kremlin's waging a quiet
effort to map the u.s.
telecommunications infrastructure
perhaps preparing for an opportunity to
disrupt it
now nobody knew exactly what to make of
that report at that time this issue has
been kind of dormant really until this
spring that is when the u.s. officially
accused Russia of not only the things we
just mentioned but also of targeting
power plants water and electrical grids
during the campaign and ongoing during
the trump presidency now those Russian
diplomats wandering out in the US and
showing up in strange places that
remained a mystery until this week
resurfacing and this is something during
a little noticed exchange at a Senate
hearing on Russian interference Victoria
Nuland who's the stop at the top
diplomat the Obama administration
testifying before the Intelligence
Committee Nuland asked about those
wandering Russians by Maine Republican
senator Susan Collins ambassador Newland
in 2016 the FBI was complaining to this
cam
that Russian diplomats in the United
States were not following the
established rules about travel and they
were not notifying the State Department
and it seemed that they were traveling
to odd locations on short notice were
you aware at the State Department of the
FBI's concerns yes senator we had
significant conversations with the FBI
about their concerns and took some
actions and prepared others as early as
July and August of 2016 with regard to
their concerns you'd think that that was
that travel was related to the Russian
active measures against our electoral
system I do I do under oath so those
Russian diplomats wandering in the
desert here Obama's top diplomat saying
they were part of this Russian active
measure effort what were they trying to
do did any of this work and will we ever
find out it's clearly not over I am
joined by Michael McFaul former US
ambassador to Russia during the Obama
administration thanks for being here
kirari thanks for having me what does it
mean that miss Nuland is confirming this
now and I guess I don't have to ask you
whether you as a diplomat did this kind
of thing when you were abroad well I
think it's significant that Toria did
confirm it you're absolutely right about
that and one shouldn't really be
surprised that Russian diplomats are you
know interacting in this way SIGINT and
humans right human intelligence and
signals intelligence intertwine and they
support each other in foreign operations
like the Russians were doing in our
country that she said it on the record
though it surprised me I got to tell you
honestly yeah because because why
because these has usually very
classified information I know all kinds
of things that I'm not going to say to
you right now about what Russians have
done in this country
because it's usually classified and by
the way that's what's that's one of the
biggest problems with the Americans to
be more concern about these things is we
die no debating them in the open
ambassador I know things that I don't
talk about to you they're just not as
important or classified as all the
things you don't tell us I mean what do
you say to people who say well we just
signed onto the idea that with hostile
countries that we have relations with
which can be a good thing I mean people
believe in diplomacy that some of those
people are always going to be spies or
does this track with something you and
Rachel and many people have discussed as
well earlier which is that Russia took
it farther they also resorted to
physical violence against some of our
people in and their territory that this
is far beyond what might be baked into
the normal system well from my point of
view it's beyond normal procedures in
the last several years both inside
Russia against diplomats including
people like me when I was ambassador but
all more importantly to me what they've
done inside our country goes well beyond
I want to be clear about that it's not
standard operating procedure the hard
part about cyber weapons and
intelligence with respect to cyber stuff
is different from say nuclear weapons
when we discovered Soviet nuclear
weapons here and there including most
scarily during the Cuban Missile Crisis
we could tell the American people about
the threat and then take actions to
deter it what's hard about these cyber
activities is you don't see it you don't
witness it we don't want to talk about
it because we don't want to scare the
American people if you know all the
things I did you would be more nervous
about what Russia and other countries
could do to our infrastructure and
that's what's hard about getting people
animated enough about the threat but
without getting us into some scary thing
that could undermine the stock market
for instance if people knew all the
things that were happening out there on
our on our networks hmm so on a serious
note I appreciate you giving us some
context on a lighter note I guess I'm
glad I'm not inside your brain because
it will be easier to go to sleep on this
Friday night ambassador a Michael McFaul
always appreciate your time sir
thanks for having me and we have more
ahead tonight
stay with us hey they're armed cruisers
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
