but we begin with one of the stranger
Hail Marys we've ever seen as the
pressure builds in the Muller probe
Trump lawyer Michael Cohen is publicly
locking arms with get this one of Donald
Trump's celebrity enemies this move
comes amidst a new ruling tonight in the
feds scorched earth effort to gather
every last document text and audio
recording from Cohen's offices this is a
strange and pivotal time for Michael
Cohen what he does could literally
impact the entire Trump presidency so we
are going to turn first live tonight to
the lawyer who's tangled with Cohen from
the start and who predicted part of his
demise
Michael avenatti is my live guest
tonight and I have some big questions
for Michael now that is in a moment here
is the context Tom Arnold is a Trump
critic who's now spending part of his
career trying to either catch or torment
Donald Trump he has a new project
launched to get damaging tapes on Trump
and Cohen deciding to share this
provocative photo don't worry
Tom Arnold is on it and I'm Tom Arnold
Arnold's saying tonight that Cohen did
talk to him for his new show
hunting Trump and he adds quote this
dude has all the tapes this dude has
everything and it's on I hope Trump sees
the picture of me and Michael Cohen and
it haunts his dreams now moments ago my
colleague Nicole Wallace asked Arnold if
Cohen had given him any tapes we know
that that what was seized from his
offices included a lot of audio and
recordings did he promise to share those
with you to share with me Michael :
first of all does not work for Vice I
going to make that clear he's not
getting anybody he probably broke I mean
but should you say that Michael call it
did not make any promises with me you're
working on here trying to go look
they're working on it now the pressure
is building on Cohen which goes to why
he may be engaging in any of this new
reporting that the National Enquirer
tabloid would actually send Cohen's
stories about Trump in advance of
publication that's something no news
outlet is supposed to do this was during
the height of the 2016 campaign and then
would change them on Cohen's requests
this includes stories that would hammer
Clinton like getting stories about her
health before they were published The
Inquirer denies this meanwhile the feds
are subpoenaing the enquires publisher
for the case now Michael avenatti stormy
Daniels lawyer joins me Michael what do
you make of what Cohen is doing well our
you know I think it was first on your
show that I've predicted in early April
that eventually Michael Cohen would flip
on the president and the president had
entrusted mr. Cohen with secrets that he
should have never entrusted him with I
think I was the first one to make that
prediction I did it in early April and
I'm gonna hold to it but look I want to
caution people about jumping to
conclusions about what Tom Arnold has or
does not have I think that you know a
lot of these cryptic communications
people are assuming quite a lot and I
think that perhaps Michael Cohen allowed
that picture to be taken to send a
message to the president that the
president potentially is in a lot of
trouble here
from my understanding Michael Cohen is
very concerned about being put on an
island and abandoned by this president
and the White House as it relates to
having some of his legal fees paid etc
and I think that perhaps this is part of
the messaging that messaging though
ultimately means what I mean isn't it a
bigger threat for him to do something
with the feds than with with all due
respect Tom Arnold without a doubt but I
mean I think that you know perhaps this
is a flare gun shot in the air for
Michael Cohen to you know a message to
mr. Trump or others that there may be
things coming down the pike but look Ari
I'm going to stand by what I've been
saying now for months there is no doubt
in my mind that Michael Cohen is going
to be indicted and face some very very
serious charges there's no doubt in my
mind that he's going to try to trade or
flip on this president and you know I've
told you before that there were audio
tapes and a whole lot of information
that was seized in connection with these
raids among other problems that Michael
Cohen and the president have is that it
appears that Michael Cohen basically was
one of the world's great hoarders as it
related to keeping evidence and
cellphones and the like I mean this guy
never threw anything away which I'm sure
the government's ecstatic about right
now and you feel what you're calling
this penchant for hoarding could come
back to haunt and because the feds and
and by the way we have one of these
rulings it's here on my desk today in
the Kimball wood case which you've been
in and out of at times this ruling
basically says the vast majority of
everything that he to use your verb
hoarded will be in the feds hands I mean
does that mean to some degree he's less
of a key witness because all he would do
is corroborate what they're already
gonna have well a couple things I mean I
read that ruling and I've looked at the
mountain of evidence that was seized in
connection with these raids and and
you're right I mean ninety nine point
you know probably five percent of this
information it's not going to be
privileged it's going to significantly
tighten the noose on Michael Cohen make
it very very difficult I think Ari for
him to escape whatever charges he's
ultimately
facing in connection with that
proceeding and I think it's gonna make
it that much more likely that he's going
to be forced to to flip on the president
in an effort to save himself and save
his family you know none of this bodes
well for the president I've been saying
that for a long time I mean this was the
president's right-hand guy for the
better part of 12 years that dealt with
you know all of all of the things that I
guess nobody else wanted to deal with or
none of the secrets that the president
wanted to entrust to anyone else he
picked the wrong fixer Ari and I've said
that for some time now you have and the
National Enquirer stuff is so darn weird
that it's hard to see exactly how it
fits lawyers love precedent as you know
because it allows a lawyer to say hey
something that was bad before if a judge
said it was bad is is definitely bad now
I don't know and I'm curious to review
whether there's a lot of precedent for
some of these allegations which suggests
that the National Enquirer which is not
the most reputable entity but claims to
be a media entity was in some sense an
arm of Michael Cohen Donald Trump or
worse for them potentially legally the
Trump campaign because as you know there
are very specific regulations on that
let me read from this new reporting
which says the Trump would be very
interested in the stories on Clinton's
health one cover story in the campaign
purported to disclose their secret
medical file another that cover story
then sent to Cohen in advance do you
have a legal theory or any knowledge
based on your dealings against Cohen
about whether any of this stuff which is
certainly shady is also potentially
exposes criminal liability to Cohen or
the Trump campaign well I think it might
because here's what we don't know we
don't know the full extent of the flow
of money if there was any flow of money
between the Trump Organization Michael
Cohen and the National Enquirer or am i
and if there was flow of money that
could prove to be very very problematic
for all of those parties there could be
potentially money laundering or bank
fraud charges that might result from
that and and let's remember there can
also be additional campaign finance
violations associated with
conduct if a.m. on if ami was purposely
engaged in an organized effort with
Michael Cohen and the Trump Organization
to influence that campaign and it was
effectively being coordinated by Donald
Trump or Michael Cohen but none of that
was reported that could be very very
problematic well that goes to something
you know there are people who look at
your litigation and your public advocacy
and they say gosh Michael avenatti is
everywhere you're all over the place
you're familiar with that reputation sir
well I mean look alright you know I've
been handling some really big cases for
the better part of 18 years some of them
have gotten a fair amount of publicity I
mean now that nothing has gotten is
nothing like this he hears nothing but
but here's the flip side Michael there's
also the argument that Michael Cohen is
Trump's fixer who is your legal
adversary in the civil case put himself
everywhere because let me play for you
some of the way Donald Trump dealt with
Clinton's health which we're now
learning only from journalism and this
other reporting is something that was
apparently part of the bartering with
the Inquirer organization and then you
add to that the Michael Cohen pops up in
the Susan mcdougal litigation for folks
who forget that was another individual
of former Playboy Playmate who had
dealings with Donald Trump who felt she
made a contract with the lawyer Keith
Davidson who you replaced in the stormy
Daniels case and ultimately people say
what was Michael Cohen doing in the
middle of a national enquirer contract
where he didn't have any legal standing
or role which raises I think the heat on
him take a list and then with all of
that in context in mind to Donald Trump
reading right out of the National
Enquirer Cohen playbook to attack
Clinton on her health she also lacks the
mental and physical stamina to take on
Isis you took a look at a short circuit
in the brain Hillary Clinton fail
every single time as Secretary of State
now she wants to meet President Hillary
Clinton doesn't have the fortitude
strength or stamina to lead in our
do you view this as a potential type of
coordination where Michael Cohen was
outside of what his authority or legal
limits should be as a private sector
council to Donald Trump as an individual
not as a candidate well if he was
carrying this out on behalf of Donald
Trump you know again I think this could
raise a whole host of issues relating to
that campaign and what am I involvement
was but you know I do want to go back to
this up you just touched on already you
know my public advocacy and how much
media attention that I have received and
as many shows as I've been on I have to
tell you it's working
you know just within the last week in
connection with this other case then I'm
working on we received a number of
whistleblowers that came forward and
we're getting ready to blow the doors
off this border situation and had I not
been out there and if I was not such a
known attorney none of that would have
come to fruition you know all of this is
working to the benefit of my clients and
I'm not gonna stop because it's very
very effective well stay with me Michael
for more context I want to add an Daniel
Goldman who was a former federal
prosecutor in the same district the
Southern District of New York where
Cohen is currently facing these issues
had that ruling today Liz plank a senior
producer with Vox media who has covered
some of the issues including these NDA's
and Donald Trump's dealings with women
from the start to you first Daniel based
on the new reports as well as the
discussion Michael I was having does
this just look like really scummy
underhanded secret dealings with The
Enquirer or do you see legal exposure no
are you and I have spoken before about
how the Enquirer and the stormy Daniels
case can all fit together with Karen
McDougal and how the evidence of one
deal may impact the other one and
ultimately help to build a case of
campaign finance violations now we're
learning exactly what we were wondering
before which is that there was appears
to have been some coordination between
Cohen on behalf of Trump and the
Enquirer so now you have two people
who've been paid off and if you add in
the
or man for Donald Trump who was also
paid off by ami this seems to be much
more of a coordinated effort then you've
got you then you have to take the next
step and figure out okay where's the
money coming from as Michael abinanti
just pointed out and was this an in-kind
contribution to the campaign was it on
behalf of the campaign then you get into
some of the legal complexities but the
coordination aspect of it that we're
learning about tonight is very very
important to a potential case for
campaign finance fraud and on that
briefly Daniel walk us through what it
means when we're learning that the feds
are subpoenaing the National Enquirer
what are they seeking to get on that
side well they're certainly seeking to
get the communications that ami had with
the Trump campaign the Trump
Organization Michael Cohen in connection
to this $150,000 deal that they had with
Karen McDougal or that they paid out to
Karen McDougal and that seems to be
increasingly an in-kind contribution to
the campaign to keep her quiet not some
kind of a catch and kill or you're gonna
deal to promote her so right and I
wonder whether indications yeah and I
wonder whether they can find also
internal communications where they might
be saying to Trump or his fixer yeah
well we'll do this we oh you wanted that
internally they say look you know guys
we're doing this to help the campaign or
we're doing this for political purposes
the kind of internal stuff that could be
incriminating I'm not saying they have
that but that might be part of the
investigative look I want to bring in
Liz plank who's reported these stories
with us for a while I mean Liz you know
the old saying ain't no party like a
Michael Cohen party because the Michael
Cohen party is really messy and I just
wonder whether this is the kind of fix
things that's so messy it's not fixing
that much absolutely and and and since
we're talking about The Bodyguard story
in The Wall Street Journal story from
today the National Inquirer or whoever
is you know the the spokesperson was in
speaking to The Wall Street Journal
explained that that story never came out
because they couldn't find enough
credibility from the source but the
National Enquirer published a story
about Hillary Clinton that you reference
called
six months to eat to live claiming that
Hillary Clinton had six months to live
and so for them to call into question
and say that there was a problem with
credibility I think it's very hard to
believe and this other thing I really
want to point out is the larger context
of the fact that Donald Trump was only
endorsed by two newspapers which is very
low for any kind of major candidate for
president and that was one the National
Enquirer and the other one was the KKK
newspaper so that really tells you
everything that you need to know about
the President of the United States right
one of the newspapers is a newspaper
promoting white supremacy and the other
one is a newspaper that is now becoming
clear with the reporting that's coming
out today and they're reporting that
many reporters have been working on that
he basically controlled which confirms
his theory about fake news and fake
media the National Enquirer in a way is
fake news because a lot of the stories
were being fed by Donald Trump himself
or being fed by Michael Colin
so Michael where does this go next well
I mean I think that you know gentlemen
like mr. pecker and others with Ami I
mean you know look these are not
hardened criminals re so if they have
any potential exposure they're gonna be
doing everything in their power to hit
the exits and what I mean by that is
they're gonna cooperate fully I would
expect they're gonna provide any and all
information about mr. Cohan and mr.
Trump in a very expeditious manner you
know these are not hardened criminals
these are not the kind of guys that are
gonna go deuce five to ten or fifteen
years for you
these are white-collar guys I mean they
have like these I used to I feel like
you're saying basically they're not from
the neighborhood
well I mean it depends what neighborhood
we're talking about but look these guys
are white-collar guys they're used to a
very nice standard of living I mean
they're not gonna go down and they're
not gonna go down for Michael Cohen and
mr. Trump I mean you thought Michael
Cohen was gonna flip to the extent that
these guys have any information they're
gonna be singing like some of the
largest Canaries you've ever seen in
your lifetime Dan Goldman as someone who
used to do these kind of vestigation
briefly you're you're handy
kaping a mr. Ivan oddities analysis on
those witnesses well they're gonna
cooperate I think the interesting thing
is the first amendment issues it's
there's a there are hurdles that you
must clear in order to subpoena a news
organization and I don't know exactly
what they're categorizing am i but by
subpoenaing them they've clearly done
that am i indicated that they're going
to claim some First Amendment privileges
to protect their sources that's a
potential area for litigation so they
will do everything they can to fight
this through litigation but there I
agree with Michael these are people who
are not going to want to mess with the
government and they're gonna they're
gonna try to cooperate the interesting
thing that you know when you pointed out
with Michael earlier is what Michael
Cohen does and the more we keep hearing
him talk about doing what's best for his
family as we've talked about before the
more it's likely that he's gonna
cooperate and I think the critical thing
for him right now is to try to figure
out what charges the government right
now has against him because by all
accounts for someone who has been in
some shady businesses for decades there
may be a lot more criminal activity that
he has to plead guilty to that the
government doesn't know about that's
part of the cooperation process and he
may be doing a calculus as to how much
more he has to give up in order to
cooperate it's it's a fascinating case
and we don't always build an entire
legal exploration off at our modern old
photo I I have to say that as a you know
caveat but the photo is not about Tom
Arnold it's about Michael Cohen state of
mind and the pressure building on him as
all of this stuff comes out which is
fascinating as mentioned some of that
began with mr. Alvin Audis civil
litigation some of it coming from the
feds so my thanks to Michael dan and Liz
for joining us on the story tonight
thanks Ari
thank you thanks Ari hey I'm all
remember from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our youtube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
