ambassador Jorden I heard you say
something that stopped me in my tracks
and we're very grateful to you for
spending some time with us this
afternoon you said this is this incident
is more than a bump in the road it's a
category four or five diplomatic
hurricane when we will not get over
easily could you expand on that thought
sure I think this is the worst moment in
us-saudi relations since 9/11 I arrived
in Saudi Arabia as ambassador a month
after 9/11 and the question then was are
the Saudis friend or foe
I think we've got similar questions
going on right now is this a regime that
is descending on a slippery slope into
authoritarianism thuggish this and
perhaps rogue behavior and I think we've
got to seriously ask that question I
think the time has come for us to stand
up and show some leadership on this
issue and yes it is I think a
potentially serious rupture now let's
let's all remember we do need Saudi
Arabia in fighting terrorism and
maintaining a posture against Iran and
in other ways to be our ally but it
doesn't mean they have a blank check and
I think the time has come to make that
clear with a red line here and making it
clear also that we're going to exercise
some leadership in the region
a former US government official
described the difference between the
Trump administration's posture with
Saudi Arabia and other administration's
again Democratic and Republican
presidents who sought to do what you
just described have a functional and a
productive relationship with Saudi
Arabia as being in in which you just
described the lack of a backstop that
all there is is is lovefest on the hands
of the Orb all there is is projecting
Donald Trump's name on the wall of a
fancy hotel all there is is the seeming
transactional nature and spirit of
Donald Trump and Jared Kushner's
feelings toward Saudi Arabia had had its
roots and maybe their business
relationships and it extended into a
very shallow foreign policy can you tick
through the dangers of our posture with
Saudi Arabia right now at a moment when
Saudi Arabia is engaged in an extremely
controversial war in Yemen at a moment
when our relationships across our
closest and most reliable ally
are strained at best ruptured your word
at worse talk about the dangerous
position we may be in in terms of the
shallowness of the Trump
administration's relationship with the
kingdom well it appears that the the
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has at
least in his mind been given a green
light to engage in any kind of behavior
in the region that he wants especially
in stifling dissent let's not forget
that a year ago at the ritz-carlton MBS
is cousins uncles and others were
incarcerated along with a number of
Saudi businessman and shaken down for
about 100 billion dollars this is the
same ritz-carlton at which they are now
proposing to have this conference on
October the 23rd I can't imagine a worse
optic than having American officials
participate in this pageant that they
have orchestrated that ambassador do you
think it's a mistake Stephen is
Secretary minuchin today announced that
he would be attending that pageant does
he so appropriately just described it
and the Saudis have gotten very good
under this new young leader at pageantry
they came here and put on an American
pageant if you will they really took the
American media by storm the tech
industry Hollywood do you think it's a
mistake that secretary minuchin today
announced that he would still attend
that conference it's a big mistake in my
hope is that members of the private
sector will take a lead from people like
Richard Branson and others and decided
not to go with the last thing we need is
Jamie Dimon Stephen Schwarzman David
Petraeus and others giving speeches to
glorify this regime at this time I think
there is a great danger that this regime
will fall into disarray many of the
senior members of the royal family have
got to be aghast at what has occurred
and there may well be a question now as
to whether this Picatta crown prince is
suited to become king
ambassador you concerned having served
as an American diplomat in Saudi Arabia
can you talk about the messages sent by
an American president in terms of what
would an American president says about
the press what an American president
says about other dictators other thugs
if you will John McCain
thought kim jeong-hoon was a thug Donald
Trump has nothing but praise for him
other American officials have described
this young Crown Prince the way you have
but never Donald Trump can you talk
about serving as an ambassador when an
American president says things about the
American press calls them enemies of the
people
and lavishes preys on dictators well it
certainly encourages that kind of
authoritarian behavior I will say that
during my time under president george w
bush he developed a very positive
personal relationship with King Abdullah
I spent time with them at summit
meetings in Crawford and also in Sharm
el-sheikh Egypt and you could tell they
- the two generally like anyone
genuinely liked each other but also when
President Bush had a hard message to
deliver to King Abdullah they would
respect each other and King Abdullah
would pay attention because he spoke
with authority I think we're losing that
sense of authority here and we're
governing by sound bite we're governing
by tweet and certainly leaders around
the world are going to roll their eyes
and do what they want to do at this
point
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
