White House today struggle to get its
message straight on immigration both at
the border and on Capitol Hill the
president of course reversed course
earlier in the week signing that
executive order ending his
administration's policy on separating
migrant children from their parents but
it's still unclear how those children
will be handled going forward meanwhile
in Washington the president back pedaled
on a commitment to House Republicans
that he would support their immigration
legislation this morning Trump tweeting
out Republicans should stop wasting
their time on immigration until after we
elect more senators in congressmen and
women in November Dems are just playing
games have no intention of doing
anything to solve this problem this
decades-old problem we can pass great
legislation after the red wave just two
days ago the president reportedly
promised House Republicans that he would
support them 100% in vowed he would not
leave them in the wilderness but the
president's tweet risks stalling what
little momentum that Republican
legislation had it is also a dramatic
reversal for an administration that
spent days demanding action from
Congress Congress and the courts created
this problem in Congress alone can fix
it the president isn't trying to kick
the can down the road he's actually
trying to work with Congress we're gonna
be signing an executive order we're
gonna also count on Congress we look
forward to you know Congress playing a
big role in this there's a lot of things
that need to be done can only be done by
Congress we're also wanting to go
through Congress we will be going
through Congress and amid the political
back-and-forth the fate of roughly 2,300
children lost in a confusing labyrinth
of bureaucracy remains unknown and
Thursday the Pentagon announced military
bases were being prepared to shelter as
many as 20,000 migrant children in Time
magazine reported the Navy is preparing
plans to construct quote temporary and
austere detention camps for tens of
thousands of immigrants politically is
adding up to be one of the toughest
weeks of Trump's presidency today he
tried to reclaim the narrative sharing
the stage with families who lost loved
ones to crimes committed by people in
the country illegally you hear the other
side you'd never hear this side these
are the
families the media ignores they don't
talk about him very unfair for more I'm
joined by you Michel cinder White House
correspondent for the PBS Newshour and
an MSNBC political analyst Bret Stevens
columnist for The New York Times and a
political contributor Raul Reyes
attorney in an MSNBC news.com
contributor you Mitch let me start with
you so the politics of immigration and
the president and the message is he
sending you had two bills there in the
House Republicans were working on one a
hard-line bill one that's designed to
get a little bit more moderate support
the president this week was supposed to
go there
and rally support for the moderate bill
instead he ends up putting out that
message saying just don't do anything we
need more votes then supposedly after
that he'd be called and then tried to
backtrack a little bit at the end of the
week is there any push from the White
House for any specific legislation on
immigration well I talked to a White
House source only a few minutes ago and
that person told me that the president
still supports either one of the bills
that the house is considering that
person said if they passed the hardline
bill if they passed a compromise bill
the president will sign it the problem
is that the president doesn't believe
that the bill can pass the Senate they
were complaining that Republicans have
such a slim majority in the Senate that
they don't feel like they can get that
bill through which means that it can't
actually get to the President's desk the
president then because he's so
frustrated he's now tweeting out that
this is a waste of time he's trying to
make it a midterm issue I'm told that
the president if these if the president
wants at these bills next week failed
that he wants a bill specifically on the
floors a settlement which of course is
that court case that said that that so
that it strictly limits how immigrant
families and immigrant children in
particular are housed yeah it's so
bright one of the issues here is
Republic the Republican Party itself the
Republicans in the house cannot seem to
get on the same page on this you've got
this hardline measure and you got this
compromise measure from what I can tell
the difference between them is in this
compromise measure they got the wall
they got family detention and they got
the path to citizenship for the dreamers
the hardline measure doesn't have
citizenship for the dreamers and does
have reductions in legal immigration
numbers you see a way of the compromise
measure is is terrible because it takes
the united states and precisely
the wrong direction we have an
immigration problem in this country we
don't have enough immigrants we need a
lot more immigration if we're gonna
continue to fund entitlements if we're
gonna continue to have a vibrant diverse
effective workforce if we're not going
to have japanese-style stagnation what's
the what's the market for that message
in the Republican Party you know as a
matter of fact I think at least until a
few years ago back when I actually
affiliated with the with Republicans
there were a lot of Republicans who
understood the basic free-market case
leaving aside case for decency the case
for American values the free-market case
for having a strong Pro immigration
policy and you will still find there are
many Republicans in in in states that
that depend on on immigration and do not
want these kind of this kind of hardline
position that has overtaken Fox News and
the other organs of conservative
nativism and and extremism so what you
now have is a Republican Party sort of
riven on its own ideology and its own
incompetence unable to actually arrive
that would ought to be the proper
conservative free-market position which
is a pro immigration is it did it feel
to you like the base of the Republican
Party the voters the folks who pick
Trump in these primaries are they is it
even plausible they're gonna land where
you're talking about on this look I
think there is I don't want to say
silent majority but there is perhaps a
great many middle-of-the-road
conservatives who understand even if
they they want you know a more sort of
legalized system a more regular system
that immigration is fundamentally good
for this country my mother was a
displaced person a refugee to this
country my father came from Mexico that
represents millions of people who
understand who understand that but they
don't really have a voice in today's
Republican or conservative establishment
because the moment you try to make the
case for immigration you've got some
jerk yelling amnesty and open borders
and globalist the president's tweet by
the way also exacerbated challenges
faced by Republicans on the hill let's
take a look at the dramatically
different reactions to what he had to
say the president saying let's have a
red wave get more people elected to
Congress who want to vote YES on a
solution at
longer this issue Fester's I think it'll
have the reverse effect rather than
creating a red wave it may very well be
part of what creates a blue wave
meanwhile on the House floor Democrat
ted Lieu played an audio recording of
crying migrant children to try to bring
attention to the 2300 children still
separated from their families let's
watch the gentleman will suspend
for what reason madam Speaker the
gentleman is in breach of quorum cite
the rule madam Speaker rule 17 of the
house the gentleman will suspend
I do not let the American people hear
what they are saying
looking at the politics in this on
Capitol Hill right now what you see Ted
Liu talking about right there
the politics of family separation every
poll I've seen are toxic for Republicans
you can't you find a split in the
Republican Party and you go outside the
Republican Party and you find everybody
else is looking at this largely and
saying we want no part of it so on that
front it seems clear where the politics
fall I'm wondering when you get beyond
that question say okay what do you now
do with migrant families who are caught
going across the border without
documentation what then it because the
Republican compromise approach would
call for what they are trying to put in
this law would call for a compromise
okay yeah what they're calling their
compromise what will put it that way but
I'm wondering if you see grounds for
compromise when they say okay keep
families together that are caught going
across the board keep them together in
detention while the adults wait
processing while the adults rate await
trial keep the family together but
they're in detention
that's something is there going to be
any buying on that from Democrats I do
not think so because I think Democrats
and many independents would regard that
type of approach as giving in to say a
hostage situation where the president is
using these young people in the migrant
camps these families as bargaining chips
to achieve what he wants but you one
thing that's very problematic when we're
talking about this situation so we have
this certain segment of the electorate
majority of Republicans who have bought
into the completely false notion that we
have a so-called illegal immigration
crisis which we do not we are at the
president self mentioned it's something
like a 17-year low are illegal
apprehensions and entries have been in a
steady decline since the years of
2008-2009 all of the metrics show that
this is actually the best time for
immigration reform but the president has
pushed this false narrative and now we
are at a place that this week is so
unusual because of the president for
once on immigration on an illegal
immigration is very much on the
defensive and when you want to talk
about policy and solutions it's very
hard to compete against pictures audio
tapes and these very disturbing images
that are now out there and we're only
gonna see more now that we have so much
media down yeah I do I take your point I
I agree on what the reactions been it's
pretty clear I think we have these polls
out this though struck me this week some
of the polling on this and I want to run
this by the panel here if we can put
this up the question here this is as we
said when you pull the family separation
extremely unpopular but when you pull
the underlying policy the Trump
administration says forced the minute
this de 0 tolerance policy which when
you ask this in a poll of arresting and
jailing and holding until trial
anybody crossing the border illegally
you get plurality support for that forty
six to thirty seven percent and then I
think we might have the second question
here in this same poll this is an
economist you go poll okay you got the
families crossing it legally what do you
do in that idea of family detention you
hold this is true among Democrats and
Republicans that's that has plurality
support right now I they're armed Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
