don't worry Tom Arnold is on it and I'm
Tom Arnold I'm doing it right oh my god
yes so I don't know Donald Trump well I
bet even 30 years ago I did a HBO
Roseanne and I did a HBO special at the
Trump castle I'm not sure that's the
first time we've had but you know
knowing people from New York and and but
I got to know him there because we had
to do business with him and he he ended
up in the special shocker and and then
did you know he's come on my sports show
like it sure he came on many shows here
and and I went to the Playboy Mansion
with Donald Trump to visit I wasn't the
creepy guy to visit Karen McDougal and
but you know this affable decent to the
day you know he was a guy you know and
then and then the things changed would
you know he decided to run for president
and the birther thing and that was kind
of the end of our that was definitely
the end of our relationship what's your
mission now Oh
my mission is to get him out of there
because he's so incompetent and it's so
dangerous and every day you know what
this week with the children being ripped
from their parents I mean he's obviously
a racist and he has racist people around
him and he is cruel and he lies and it
just the trauma that he's putting on all
of America
every day and he's just changing
everything about who we what we are as a
country it is so unsafe what America
represents and you know eventually it's
gonna be China and Russia on our borders
I mean it seems crazy but he's just
changing everything about the fabric of
our country but it's just god-awful and
so you know I'm glad that my friend
Michael Cohen is is with us so did you
get I want to put up I want to ask you
two questions I'm gonna start with with
the idea of tapes I mean the footage of
the Access Hollywood tape and this came
out before Election Day and people voted
for him anyway what is the power what is
on the tapes that you're gonna release
on on on your right well the interesting
thing about Donald Trump you know he's a
you know this this president he's been
on tape the stuff that's available to
the public all
he should be disqualified for for a guy
to to rent a car for instance I mean he
started day one by calling it faking his
old voice to say his father had given
him his money and he was really a
billionaire and he said he's admitted to
walk into the Miss Teen Universe pageant
to see them naked and brag about that on
Howard sir so the stuff that's for
public consumption already is it's just
horrible that that and you know the tape
that I heard he seizes the Edward and he
calls his son Eric the the R word for
people with you know it's just that's
discussing a sex sexual harassment
thanks to the women on the set of The
Apprentice that the chuckling the Mark
Burnett allowed that and so when I
confronted Mark Burnett personally face
to face about it first of all I showed
me a picture of his kid as Donald
Trump's ring bearer on his phone but
then he said it's not worse than
grabbing by the you know that these are
racist things so I can't give you the
footage you want Donald Trump what's
that footage to and I'm not giving it to
him either but but there are ways to get
it Gloria Allred has a client who's a
judge says you have to get it I think it
I think it's I'm not gonna quit I beg
footsies that office because they eat a
family are just awful grifters horrible
people and I think if people would have
originally seat a day of him about the
set of the boardroom set of the
apprentice and seeing how incompetent he
was and without people propping him up
and like for him but covering for him
then they would have been oh my god
though he can't be the president yeah
even his friends will say the idea that
he was this Titan of business and the
people voted for businessman is such a
scam he was talent he was a but the idea
that he like ran the successful business
and the people that they were voting for
successful businessman he could transfer
those skills to running the government
was a scam right well people in New York
knew he couldn't have made the counts of
City Council in New York he would never
want or the mayor or
representative or the governor New York
the only thing he could have the one
from New York was the President of the
United States because people of New York
knew him
so that's scary so so what Bart bird has
sold was this guy on the apprentices
fake guy to middle America this other
they plead people from Iowa where I'm
from believe he's oh my god it's Donald
Trump
he says genius now the thing about him
he said that Barack Obama was a it
wasn't bored here he's an illegitimate
and the problem with he'd do it there's
a mini process of doing that first of
all I was born in a small Midwestern
farm towns like Brock Obama my
grandfather look just like Brock Obama's
grandfather so I was when he first I do
it I'm like oh my god if Barack Obama's
grandfather's alive he'd be like that's
why I took I took it so personal because
my grandfather had to defend me a lot
it's good to and also the irony is
Donald Trump is an illegitimate
president he did not win the election
without help from Russia you will see
this and he knows he's a legit every
time you mention it he freaks out and
that's karma he is a that's your theory
and why you so mad I want to ask you
though about what happened yesterday
let's put this picture okay you with
with Michael Cohen yeah I want to ask
you to get to the answer to these two
questions one how did this meeting come
to be and two what commitments did
Michael Cohen make if any to helping you
there's two things I could tell you I by
go code and I have have run into each
other six times
Michael that sounds like more than just
running into each other okay I would say
that when we started our gang if you
plan to see each other six times I will
say that we are I will say the first our
first relationship was involved lawyers
and involved Trump and the White House
and Russia and I will tell you that but
that that's all I could tell you you
will see and it was I we were on
opposite sides of the of the but we were
not we're adversaries legally yeah I
mean were you someone that he paid hush
money to know there was somebody that he
tried to get to hush that they got a
picture of you with Felix a
is this another link in your ties to
well yeah you know that's interesting we
put together yep with a funny kind
friend Felix a beautiful Long Island
home we shared stories about New York
real estate our mutual friend visiting
our mutual friend on the set of The
Apprentice Russia and videotapes so so
you're being too cryptic for me you know
you've watched this show before you
can't just dangle out Russia Michael
Kohn Felix aider and tell me you'll tell
me later what are your interactions with
Felix they don't Michael Cohen and
Russia about well I be the ultimate Lee
it's about getting the information I
mean let's say some of these people are
cooperating with the yes okay yes okay
let's say you follow me on Twitter
you're like that is a crazy guy it is
true but when this is over you go oh my
god so did Michael Cohen give you any
verbal commitment or give you did hear
his wife suggested yeah let me just say
yeah let me see Michael Cote is a great
father and you know he worked for this
guy Donald Trump but anybody like myself
that's worked for Donald Trump knows
he's a he's a fool and he's terrible so
he did his best he cleaned up a lot of
messes a good karab√ºk Duggal who I knew
and her lawyer sued us too and all these
messes and Michael's doing his best he's
running reddit running and then he got
just hit over his head and done it he he
he went to work it didn't even he missed
his whole family missed him and now
Donald Trump's like he's about lose
Michael Cohen what he's not my lawyer I
don't know that guy he's a nice guy you
know he's so full and finally he
realized that his wife helped her
realize he's like oh my god I got to
take care of my family because this guy
is the worst
and so he's take care of his old family
but does that include flipping did he
tell you is gonna 40th
what he made flippy he's in a lot of
trouble he could no she did say anything
that made you think he was going to
cooperate with prosecutors he's gonna do
here's what I here's what I know he's
going to take care of his family his
country they are the rest of us Jews
Donald Trump is not he's done Donaghy
does the Donald Trump Donald Trump does
I care about him because I care about
his family and it's over he does also
does want me she doesn't want to be
harassed by Donald Trump because he is
the president I say still and he
probably has a bunch of dudes
but the my Coco's gonna take care of his
family and his country first that's all
you need to know think about that let me
go to more questions for you I'm one we
know that that what was seized from his
office's included a lot of audio and
recordings did he promise to share those
with you to share with me oh oh Michael
: first of all does that work for vice I
going to make that clear he's not
getting anybody he probably broke I mean
that but should you say that Michael
Cohen did not make any promises with me
you're working on it you're trying to go
I love it cuz he has all the tapes and
in fact some of those have my shower
my name is odd those let me get my last
question you started out your first
answer you talked about your ex-wife
Roseanne yes how did she end up so far
on the other side of the Trump quite
away from you I don't know you know
leave her George 24 years ago I think
that she got into like a lot of people
in this country you know and I was
talking to I spent a lot of times of
glass she was talking to her daughter
and didn't see a lot of these heyit's
happens is my family in Iowa you know
we're talking about it as a Jacob Andy
McCabe the FBI agent his mother live is
from Iowa from his family and his wife
and his brother-in-law's one of my best
friend's she's a Trump guy like it just
people just get sucked in there now
Roseanne is full-on with the Nazis and
with the racist and it's just crazy
crazy crazy I don't know how you get in
there I think mental health and Trump
and putting that stuff you know it's
rigged if they're against us they're
invited and they also the disseminates
so much information I did a deep dive
into the information that says that they
specifically you know it's not just Fox
News but it's Fox News and the internet
stuff and it's like a drug and in Donald
Trump is the kingpin
he is perpetuating and that's why he has
to go - he's the kingpin of this drug
that people are just keeping people sick
in this country he's got to go we want
you to come back when you're by special
is getting ready to air it's a series it
is a series I love you because you give
real people are like well it's good
politics with dogs from does that you're
like though it's horrible for the
country we appreciate where Steve
Schmidt is he okay
what happened to him he's resting okay
all that eloquence - my God thank you so
much thank you so grateful to have you
today
hey there arm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
