the US has an outsized role in why these
countries are unstable as they are today
where did ms-13 actually originate this
country where's the demand for narcotics
coming from this country and who
engineered overthrowing Guatemala's
democratically elected government
decades ago you know the answer to that
one this country and that's just the
start of it and those are some of the
root causes of our Latin America policy
issues I'm joined now by Jason marzack
he's the director of the Atlantic
Council's Latin America Center Jason
welcome to the show thanks John
alright so we spend a lot of time on the
border but this has been a five-year
issue now we've seen this this this
increase in migration from Central
America things haven't been stable in
Central America it seems my entire
lifetime and if and then you look at
certain people like Daniel Ortega you're
like wait a minute I thought he was gone
and now he's back again and I read
earlier that there's one city trying to
secede trying to cover themselves how
unstable are these countries let's start
with what Amala well first of all the
three countries Chuck I mean you look a
look at Guatemala right Guatemala had a
civil war for over 30 years you
mentioned be going back to 1954 and the
United United Fruit Company and that
civil war 200,000 Guatemalans died as a
result of the Civil War it wasn't ended
actually until the 1990s and so that
that is pretty recent pretty reason for
the definition of a war-torn country
definition of a war-torn country El
Salvador as well El Salvadoran Civil War
1979 1990 1992 you has significant
deaths in El Salvador as well piece of
core is not signed until the 1990s and
again the Gulf salvo is trying to reel
from recuperating with from those from
that decade plus of civil war right and
now and then there's Honduras which I
guess of the three feels the most stable
right now Honduras yes but Honduras also
had an incredibly contested election
late last year where the OAS was
questioned the election results and it
took a quite some time until the
president of one Orlando Hernandez was
actually doesn't it to be the next
president but there are a number of
different irregularities in Honduras
those three countries of the Asia and
Latin America center we've been focusing
on doing
studies and looking at how do we
actually better provide those conditions
in the countries to actually convince
people the state because people don't
want to leave they don't want to leave
if they don't have to leave
so what could be done I mean look I feel
as if that we've had every
administration of my lifetime I grew up
in Miami and it seems like every other
year we were getting refugees from a
Latin American country in dealing with a
political crisis in any moment in time
and you have various neighborhoods in
Miami that represent these various
points of time and it's been this
instability and a lot of it is frankly I
think an abdication of American
leadership presidents end up getting
drawn into Middle East drawn into Asia
drawn into Europe Latin America as
always I'll get to it later I'll get to
it later I'll get to it later we're
paying the price of getting to it later
we're paying that we're paying the price
as this evidence is a frustration of
somebody that cares so deeply about the
region the center that cares so deeply
about the region we're paying the price
you know the the u.s. really ramped up
its efforts and back take us back to
2014 that was the last time you had
major media focus on the region when you
had 52,000 unaccompanied minors crossing
the US border the span of a few months
right and at that time there was a
significant or ramping up of US
assistance to to those three countries
750 million dollars was approved to
Congress that that funding has continued
for the last few years even if the
president threatening to get rid of it
you thread actually last year he his
original budget request was to reduce
the funding to the three countries
Congress in the end appropriated funds
that were basically similar to what we
see in the past what is it that we could
do right now I mean I have to say I
could understand I'm listening it's like
okay who we given the money to do we
really want to trust Daniel Ortega with
this money well the money the you the US
money that goes to the sent to the
northern trying going to tell Salvador
Guatemala Honduras is part of this
comprehensive strategy that we developed
a few years ago it has there's a number
of different mechanisms that ensure the
transparency the money Congress has put
in place a number of different things
that cut the governments have to abide
by in order to actually receive that
funding so the money is not going
directly to the governments the director
with money is going through the US and
agency fresh development other things to
make sure that money is actually so what
should that money do first is it
security that it needs to provide first
is it is it
what is it that that money needs to go
to now that could actually begin to give
people some hope that it's worth staying
chuck it's a thrill it's a three-legged
stool and you can't and you if you take
out one leg the whole stool falls down
that money needs to address security and
needs to address rule of law and
governance and it needs to address
sustainable economic development with
without all without those three key
pillars people are going to continue to
worsen in those three countries who's a
partner in Latin America that would be a
partner with the United States is it the
new leadership in Colombia that could
help obviously our relations with Mexico
are not great right now considering the
leader to leader I mean is there a is
there a way the the Western Hemisphere
sort of gets together that that can help
so that maybe El Salvador doesn't want
just to have the American boogeyman
helping them but it's it's the entire
hemisphere helping them yeah well you
know the the Mexicans have actually been
have actually stepped up their their
help to the to the northern triangle
countries actually black may the 2014
they began to implement a southern
border program to be to on the Mexican
Guatemalan border to prevent more
migrants from coming across from
Guatemala actually asylum applications
in Mexico in the last eight years
actually I've actually been double the
United States applications about 2000
percent increase in asylum applications
in Mexico Colombia has also been very
helpful the US has had an incredibly
successful bipartisan strategy in
Colombia called Plan Colombia and has
been this has been it's interesting
the Colombia model seems to be the one
model that worked and it was bipartisan
you it moved from from Clinton to Bush
to Obama nothing seemed to change there
and it looks like at least this is in
the Mike Pence portfolio yeah yeah like
the Vice President has taken a couple of
trips down the region he's going to be
it'll be going back to the region again
next week actually to to Brazil to
Ecuador and to Guatemala to the leaders
of these countries think this is a
problem that there people are fleeing or
do they look at it as half fine you know
it's less people I have to worry about
these are the people that Chuck the
people that are leaving these countries
are some of the most outstanding system
and these are the people that are so
incredibly low
they're metalize better that they're
that they're making this treacherous
journey north they don't want to be
separated from their family they don't
want to be separated from their loved
ones they have to because they can't
walk out their front door all right
Jason marzack thanks for bringing a
little more attention a little more
education to the audience about the root
cause thanks Trisha appreciate it
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning in the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mind
set right here for you on YouTube
subscribe now
