talking about sixteen-year-old girls in
their underwear here okay
spewing racial slurs list of celebrity
apprentice
don't worry Tom Arnold is on it and I'm
Tom Arnold enjoy guys oh my god yes so
how you know Donald Trump well I bet he
was probably 30 years ago I did a HBO
Rose and I did a HBO special at the
Trump castle I'm not sure that's the
first time we've had but you know
knowing people from New York and but I
got to go in there because we had to do
business with them and he he ended up in
the special shocker and and then did you
know you just come on my sports show
like a mature he came on many shows here
and and I went to the Playboy Mansion
with Donald Trump to visit I was at the
creepy guy to visit Karen McDougal and
but you know this affable decent to the
day you know he was a guy you know and
then and then the things changed
wouldn't you know he decided to run for
president and the birther thing and that
was kind of the end of our that was
definitely the end of our relationship
what's your mission now
oh my mission is to get him out of there
because he's so incompetent and it's so
dangerous and every day you know what
this week with the children being ripped
from their parents I mean he's obviously
a racist that he has racist people
around him and he is cruel and he lies
and it just the trauma that he's putting
on all of America every day and he's
just changing everything about who we
what we are as a country it is so unsafe
what America represents and you know
eventually it's gonna be trying to rush
on our borders I mean I don't seems
crazy but he's just changing everything
about the fabric of our country but it's
just god-awful and so you know I'm glad
that my friend Michael Cohen is is is
with us so did you get I want to put up
I want to ask you two questions I'm
gonna start with with the idea of tapes
I mean the footage of the Access
Hollywood tape and this came out before
Election Day and people voted for him
anyway what is the power what is on the
tapes that you're gonna release on on
well the interesting thing about Donald
Trump you know he's a you know this this
president he's been on tape there's
something's available to the public
already should be disqualified for for a
guy to to rent a car for instance I mean
he started day one by calling it faking
his old voice to say his father had
given him his money and he was really a
billionaire and he's done he's admitted
to walking in the Miss Universe pageant
to see them naked and bragging about
that on Howard Stern so the stuff that's
for public consumption already is it's
just horrible that that and you know the
tape that I heard he sees as the Edward
it he calls his son Eric the the R word
for people with you know it just it's
disgusting sex sexual harassment thanks
to the women on the set of The
Apprentice that the chuckling the Mark
Burnett allowed that and so when I
confronted Mark Burnett personally face
to face about it first of all I showed
me a picture of his kid as Donald
Trump's rig bear on his phone but then
he said it's not worse than grab it by
the you know that these are racist
things so I can't give you the footage
you want Donald Trump what's that
footage to and I'm not giving it to him
either but but there are ways to get it
Gloria Allred has a client who's a judge
says you have to get it I think if a I
think it's I'm not gonna quit
I begged footsies at office because they
eat a family are just awful grifters
horrible people and I think if people
would have originally seat a day of him
up be odd the set of the boardroom set
of the apprentice and seeing how
incompetent he was and without people
propping him up and like for him but
covering for him then they would have
been oh my god though he can't be the
president yeah even his friends will say
the idea that he was this Titan of
business and the people voted for
business man is such a scam he was
talent he was a and no offense but the
idea that he like ran the successful
business and the people that they were
voting for successful businessman he
could transfer those skills to running
the government was a scam right well
people in New York knew he couldn't have
made the council a City Council in New
York he would never want or the mayor or
representative or the governor New York
the only thing he could have the one
from New York was the President of the
United States because people of New York
knew him
so that's scary so so what bark bird has
sold was this guy on the apprentices
fake guy to middle America this other
and they plead people from Iowa where
I'm from believe he's oh my god it's
Donald Trump
he says genius now the thing about him
he said that Barack Obama was a it was a
board here he's an illegitimate and the
problem with he Dewey there's a million
positive doing that first of all I was
born in a small Midwestern farm towns
like Barack Obama my grandfather look
just like Barack Obama's grandfather so
I was when he first I do it I'm like oh
my God if Brock Obama's grandfather's
alive he'd be like that's why I took I
took it so personal cuz my grandpa had
to defend me a lot is get to and also
the irony is Donald Trump is an
illegitimate president he did not win
the election without help from Russia
you will see this and he knows he's a
legit every time you mention it he
freaks out and that's karma he is a
that's your theory and why you so mad I
want to ask you though about what
happened yesterday let's put this
picture okay you with with Michael Cohen
yeah I want to ask you to get to the
answer to these two questions one how
did this meeting come to be and two what
commitments did Michael Cohen make if
any to helping you there's two things I
can tell you a Michael code and I have
have run into each other six times
Michael that sounds like more than just
running into each other okay I will say
that when we started our gang if you
plan to see each other six times I will
say that we are I will say the first our
first relationship was involved lawyers
and involved Trump
and the White House and Russia and I
will tell you that but that that's all I
could tell you you will see and it was I
we were on opposite sides of the the but
we were not we're adversaries legally
yeah I mean did where are you someone
that he paid hush money to know there
was somebody that he tried to get to
hush that they got a picture of you with
Felix
is this another link in your choice well
yeah you know that's it you see we've
put together yep with a funny kind
friend Felix a beautiful Long Island
home we shared stories about New York
real estate our mutual friend visiting
our mutual friend on the set of The
Apprentice Russia and videotapes so so
you being too cryptic for me you know
you've watched this show before you
can't just dangle out Russia Michael
Kohn Felix aider and tell me you'll tell
me later what are your interactions with
Felix that are Michael Cohen and Russia
about well I mean ultimately it's about
getting the information I mean let's say
some of these people are cooperating
with the yes okay yes okay let's say you
follow me on Twitter you're like that is
a crazy guy and it's true but when this
is over you go oh my god so did Michael
Cohen give you any verbal commitment or
give you did hear his wife suggested
yeah let me just say yeah let me see
Michael Cote is a great father and you
know he worked for this guy Donald Trump
but anybody like myself that's worked
for Donald Trump knows he's a he's a
fool and he's terrible so he did his
best he cleaned up a lot of Bess's
including karab√ºk Duggal who I knew and
her lawyer sued us too and all these
messes and Michael's doing his best he's
running credit running and then he got
just in over his head
and Donna he he he went to work it
didn't even he missed his whole family
missed him and now Donald Trump's like
he's up lose Michael Cohen what he's not
my lawyer hundred old that guy he's the
nice guy you know he's so full of it
finally he realized it and his wife
helped her realize he's like oh my god I
got to take care of my family because
this guy is the worst
and so he's take care of his old family
but does that include flipping did he
tell you is going to for you what do you
mean flippy did he's in a lot of trouble
he could no she did say anything that
made you think he was going to cooperate
with prosecutors he's gonna do here's
what I here's what I know he's gonna
take care of his family his country they
are the rest of us Jews Donald Trump is
not he's done Donna he does the Donald
Trump Donald Trump does I care about him
because I care about his family and it's
over he does also doesn't want me she
doesn't want to be harassed by Donald
Trump because he is the president I say
still and he probably has about to do
but the michael code is gonna take care
of his family and his country first
that's all you need to know think about
that let me get two more questions for
you I'm one we know that that what was
seized from his offices included a lot
of audio and recordings did he promise
to share those with you to share with me
Oh
Oh Michael : first of all does not work
for vici going to make that clear he's
not getting anybody he probably broke I
mean that but should you say that
Michael Cohen did not make any promises
with me you're working on it you're
trying to go I love it cuz he has all
the tapes and in fact some of those have
my shower my name is odd those let me
get my last question you started out
your first answer you talked about your
ex-wife Roseanne yes how did she end up
so far on the other side of the trump
card away from you I don't know you know
leave her George 24 years ago I think
that she got into like a lot of people
in this country you know and I was
talking to I spent a lot of times of
glass she was talking to her daughter
and didn't see a lot of these hates
happens is my family you know Iowa you
know we're talking about it as a Jacob
Andy McCabe the FBI agent his mother
live is from Iowa from his family and
his wife and his brother lost one of my
best friends she's a trump guy like it
just people just get sucked in there now
Roseanne is full-on with the Nazis and
with the racist and it's just crazy
crazy crazy I don't know how you get in
there I think mental health and Trump
and putting that stuff you know it's
rigged if they're against us they're
invited they also the disseminates so
much information I did a deep dive into
the information that said that they
specifically you know it's not just Fox
News but it's Fox News and the internet
stuff and it's like a drug and in Donald
Trump is the kingpin he is perpetuating
and that's why he has to go to he's the
kingpin of this drug that people are
just keeping people sick in this country
he's got to go we want you to come back
when you're by special is getting ready
to air it's a series it is a series I
love you because you give real people
are like well it's good politics with
dogs from does that you're like though
it's horrible
for the country well we appreciate how
we're Steve Schmidt is he okay what
happened to him he's resting okay all
that eloquence thank you so much thank
you grateful to have you today hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
