Mexico by the way is doing nothing for
us nothing they have the strongest
immigration laws they can do whatever
they want they can keep people out of
Mexico you have a 2,000 mile journey of
Mexico they walk through Mexico like
it's walking through Central Park it's
ridiculous you know it's ridiculous when
the president lies to you mr. president
a migrants journey is far far far from a
walk in the park so for facts sake let's
look at what it really takes every
journey begins somewhere and millions of
United States residents come from the so
called northern triangle in Central
America that is El Salvador Guatemala
and Honduras the three countries ranked
among the most violent in the world gang
violence extortion and political
corruption we run rampant it is enough
to force someone to uproot their entire
life and make the dangerous journey to a
foreign country with simply the clothes
on their back and we're not talking
about a short walk to the border
for instance the so called migrant
caravan that infuriated the president
earlier this year travelled more than
3000 miles the trip is long and
difficult so many migrants rely on
smugglers to help them along the way but
as then Homeland Security Secretary John
Kelly bragged last year smugglers fees
have skyrocketed in some regions it can
cost as much as 8,000 bucks why because
this journey is dangerous many migrants
face extortion gang violence and sexual
assault
the missing migrant project reports more
than 600 people died or went missing
while traveling to the border from the
Caribbean and Central America just last
year and that is just the people that we
know about with me now MSNBC's Jacob
Soboroff who has been on the frontlines
of this crisis since the beginning take
a listen
this is all about questions this entire
thing has been about asking questions
where the toddlers where the girls come
what happens to the kids today that are
in the Border Patrol facility if the
president took the time to read his own
DEA reports he would know that spillover
violence is not a thing the sickening
images and feelings that many of us felt
over the course of the last week or so
haven't gone away and we should remember
that
when you hear the president say it's
like a walk in Central Park you go to
Central Park and you've also been to the
border it's not like Central Park I
promise you that and it like you said
you just you just hit the nail on the
head it's one of the most dangerous
journeys anybody could make anywhere in
the world through again one of the most
dangerous countries ultimately anywhere
in the world with Mexico Tijuana was the
most violent city in Mexico where the
migrant caravan went six people are
murdered a day in Tijuana so as all
since all this played out over the last
six days it didn't happen in a vacuum
and people are still trying to cross
into this country every single day once
they get here it's just as dangerous for
these migrants to try to cross into the
country and actually we have the state
lines special coming up this weekend
about what we saw over the last six days
but also just what life along the border
is really like and I want to show you a
little bit of once you get through the
border what it's like for a migrant to
try and get into this country take a
look at this
well west of Arivaca and we're with the
Border Patrol that's in pursuit of two
people that they've spotted up on the
mountain ridge in this area and the
reason we're shooting in night-vision is
we got to maintain a low profile as we
get out here to hike up into the
mountains and pursuit this intense these
guys just don't stop there how you
searching for the migrants nails it
could be smugglers
they could be mules we don't know and
they could be armed as the Border
Patrol's elite flex team sprinted way
out ahead of us a helicopter joined the
chase
so you know you don't make that journey
and try to outrun the Border Patrol if
you think it's like walking on the
Central Park Reservoir it is one of them
truly the most dangerous things you can
do and if you're not a smuggler or a
mule or somebody engaged in illicit
activity you could very well die in fact
it's not just those 600 people last year
something like 700 a 7,000 people rather
have died since the current sort of
iteration of Border Patrol's the
strategy has been put into place Trump
claims that Mexico makes it easier for
them yes not true I mean look I think
otherwise known as he's lying I think
that I think that Mexico certainly
should be a partner in all of this and
diplomacy is part of it but this is a
president but it doesn't seem to be
particularly fond in engaging in
diplomacy with Mexico in fact it seems
like it's one of his biggest nemesis
sees I want to thank you Jacob the work
that you have done on this especially in
the last week couldn't be more important
the president can say all day long don't
pay attention it's fake news and you
have been there we have gotten to see
you every day for the last week on the
border telling these stories it is it's
a privilege to get to work with you and
to see this reporting every day thank
you for doing this you were here too and
I just want to say quickly it's what I
witnessed inside that facility is
something that you never expect in your
life that you would see in the United
States of America little children
sitting in cages on the floor under
blankets and on mattresses and it was
disgusting and everybody should just
remember what we experienced over the
course of the past week hey MSNBC fans
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
