Trump administration unveiled a new plan
to drastically alter the size and
structure of the federal government
here's the question what would that
entail the proposal contains what would
seem like small tweaks like
consolidating portions of hazardous
material programs in the department's of
the Interior and agriculture and moving
them to the EPA it sounds like it makes
sense and more impactful changes like
renaming the Department of Health and
Human Services to the Department of
Public Health and Welfare and that
Welfare Department will now be in charge
of the food stamps program the plan
would also give the Department of
Agriculture more authority it would
provide them with the powers currently
granted to the Food & Drug
Administration and the Army Corps of
Engineers would no longer be part of the
Department of Defense exclusively their
work on civil projects would move to the
department's of Transportation and
Interior perhaps the most controversial
of all the proposal seeks to combine the
department's of Education and labor
supporters say it would create a
consistent through line between school
and the job market but critics argue it
would make it easier to defund both
departments with me now CBC or
editor-at-large John Harwood John when
you lay it out basically it sounds like
the benefits of consolidation could be
very good because government agencies
and bureaucracy are filled with lots of
fat there are benefits to consolidation
and I think on education and workforce
the education and Labor Department's
that does make sense because there's
increasing focus on apprenticeships on
job training things that tie working
life directly back to education so
there's merit to that the problem is
that I don't think Congress trusts the
Trump administration to implement
changes like this either competently or
in good faith in terms of preserving and
expanding and making better those
programs so the question is or are
skeptics saying the risk is this is
President Trump's plan to simply defund
everything well I don't think President
Trump has any plan to do anything with
respect to those agencies he's not
interested in public policy he's not
interested in the structure of
government but some people who work for
him are people like Mick Mulvaney they
want to
make government much smaller and they've
shown with the budgets that they've
proposed that they want to cut the
discretionary parts of the budget
significantly so I think one goal is
shrinking government and the other goal
is to move regulation to places that
they think are more favorable to
conservative goals so by putting
hazardous materials under the EPA we've
seen what kind of epa scott pruett is
running i think the idea is that they
would achieve more of the deregulation
that they want on things like that and
alternatively taking food stamps or snap
out of the Agriculture Department and
putting it in a different place might
make it easier to add more regulation
and hold on that doesn't mean that
they're going to stop providing the food
stamp program it means they're gonna
change the management and where it's
housed so we want to be clear that we're
not saying about what we're doing here
well the Trump administration does in
fact want to cut the food stamp program
they don't have the support in Congress
to do that in a big way but that is a
goal they've proposed very large cuts in
food stamps in their budgets both of
them 2018 would it help them execute
that if they combine these agencies yes
all right then then I guess we're gonna
have to watch this very closely
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
