please listen to this in today's money
power politics private prisons they are
cashing in on president Trump's get
tough policies at the border since 1997
the Federal Bureau of Prisons has paid
private companies to build and operate
prisons to ease capacity at
government-run facilities the share of
federal prisoners nationwide held in
private prisons has surged from just 3%
in late 90s to more than 20% today the
biggest factor fueling growth is you
guessed it immigration detention centers
who are these companies core civic also
known as CCA management and training
corporation known as MTC and the geo
group are three of the biggest players
in the private prison business together
they operate some 14 federal facilities
nationwide providing 27,000 beds for
federal inmates and that is growing that
growth was under threat when the Obama
administration attempted to phase out
all contracts with private prisons the
big three players decided to take action
and they spent big on the 2016 campaign
guess how geo donated 1.1 million
dollars two Republican candidates and
political action committees core civic
spent another 1.1 million on lobbying
efforts and MTC spent nearly half a
million bucks to do the same and those
efforts they certainly paid off when
President Trump reversed the phase-out
decision early in his administration
that is despite a 2014 lawsuit accusing
geo of forcing immigration detainees to
work for little or no pay by threatening
them with solitary confinement sounds
like slavery doesn't it
critics say the private prison business
model encourages cost-cutting and even
slavery to boost its bottom line profits
and guess what it's working since
President Trump selection shares for geo
have shot up 25 percent while core civic
stock is 12% higher MTC is not publicly
traded but its revenues are said to be
robust I want to point out some of the
larger shareholders if you want to check
your 401k Blackrock and Vanguard and
granted they may own the
as part of an index but they choose to
do that I want to bring my panel back in
Tim Brendan Tim help me understand this
so private prisons they've got political
action committees they donate to
campaigns they specifically gave a ton
of money to the Trump campaign and this
seems to me we're go and by the way they
run as a 501 3 C and nonprofit how's
this work well also remember this goes
back to the mid 90s so this can't just
simply be you know are calling on the
Trump administration it collides with
this issue of mass incarceration in the
United States and a lack of facilities
to house not just migration detainees
but but but prisoners general people who
went into the general prison population
Clinton decided to privatize some of
this simply to deal with this volume of
people coming into the system
privatization created this great
opportunity for both the stock market
investors and private companies to make
a killing we've done that there are
instances where privatization is a good
thing operational excellence
cost-cutting if you leave it to the
government it could get fatter and
fatter and when you put private business
in there sometimes it does but the issue
there that is what do you want a prison
to do if it's just gonna house people
and not rehabilitate people then fine
have the most heinous non rehabilitative
environment you want for a prisoner
that's supported by a private entity I
think the problem if you want them to be
entities that rehabilitate people they
have to approach that in a very nuanced
way and it's not just about cost-cutting
and what you're seeing in all these ugly
figures about how much money they're
making how much compensation the
executives get and the conditions inside
the facilities it's all in opposition
opposition to one another because
there's a lot of cost-cutting going on
I'm with Tim I hope that one consequence
of what we're seeing at the borders that
we start to pay more attention to the
private prison industrial complex all
over the country I agree with Tim as
well this is not a Trump problem this is
an America problem sure all of these are
three strikes sentencing policies that
go back to the 80s right that increased
the jail populations the way we handle
drugs in this country there are a bunch
of reasons why we have we created these
industries and these industries do what
industries do they found a new they
found a new opportune
and they're chasing it through lobbying
so the thing I think that does stick to
Trump is this ramped up in spending
prior to the enactment of their zero
tolerance tolerance policy they clearly
said we are going to divide families and
we need someplace to stick them and this
you know bounty of new contracts went
out when when I look at the tent city in
tonio Texas tens of millions of dollars
are being spent on these facilities
Senor Texas is one of the poorest areas
they don't even have clean water there
imagine if the money being spent on the
policy created by Trump actually helped
our poorest Americans we talked about
Trump's base likes this because they
feel left out you know it would make
them feel included if you went to that
rural community if you put workforce
development programs and if you created
Wi-Fi that would actually serve them
rather than to your point this political
theater this is massively expensive you
know who's winning the private prisons
the investors I mean we can talk about
efficiencies through privatization but
you know who's still paying for this is
taxpayer that's right right this is tax
money I mean one of things that
frustrates me about sort of the way
policy has been conducted since the
beginning of this administration they
have rural base right that's great there
are huge problems in rural America that
could be solved with infrastructure
spending remember how it's always
supposed to be infrastructure week every
every number you look at income wealth
homeownership health everything you look
at in America there's a massive gap
between people who live in cities and
people who live in rural America and
there are things that we could be doing
there is money that we could be spending
to actually help them actually change
this and instead we're nature gives rise
to two issues one is when is the world
voter going to get hip to the fact that
the president United States who campaign
saying he was going to provide jobs and
change their standards of living isn't
actually doing that well when is that
going to finally get tracked gonna
happen when Democrats figure out that
politics is downstream from collision
watch Laura Ingraham say these camps are
like boarding schools and summer camps
if they're that nice imagine if we were
putting those kind of resources to
helping people who actually need it by
no means is this an America first policy
if you care about the
got an American I don't understand why
this works you're spending our tax
dollars you are you are deporting people
who actually would fill jobs that we
need filled here who does this serve I
mean I just keep looking at how much
money these private prisons are made
serves the political theater the
president Trump campaigned on and is
still trying to get make hay off in
office which is that there are crises
that he's going to solve that China is a
threat and he's going to blister them
with trade sanctions migration across
the southern border is a threat and he's
going to build a wall he has this
simplistic black-and-white view of the
world that actually isn't compatible
with getting things done and helping our
economy grow
but the business community or the
investor community this year has decided
to say we are going to step up we do
care about conscious capitalism we are
going to do the right thing so for those
who are saying I'm not comfortable but
then they look at their 401k and say
uh-oh it looks like I'm invested in
these companies what do they do
I mean they've kind of decided to do
that but there isn't a really good
market yet for people who want to invest
you know with their conscience it
doesn't exist yet you don't have to be a
hundred percent with your conscience but
here if you simply want to say private
prisons no bueno
what do you do I think we have to rely
on the companies that we invest our
money with to make these decisions and
they honestly haven't done it yet they
talk about it they feel uncomfortable
about it but really you know we were
talking about ETS right this collection
of stocks yes when I call some of these
huge money managers and I say I thought
you said you wanted to do the right
thing what's up with investing they go
oh it's in an index what can we do but
this isn't this is another similar to
the gun debate so it's very you know it
aligns up with the gun debate I think we
need but I mean the the problem with how
we invest for retirement America is so
fraught that if we want to really talk
about what we need from those companies
in terms of solid retirement plans like
where do we even begin yes I would like
to not be invested in private prisons
but there are a ton of things that I
would like to change about the American
retirement system again there are real
problems in America massive gap between
rural and urban huge you know the
average amount saved if you saved
anything for retirement it's $60,000 in
America that is not enough to retire on
these are very real
underfunded pensions we aren't prepared
for these things these are policy
problems so we're not doing anything
about my frustration is a policy
journalist is I keep trying to look at
this and read things I talked to you
about like all we're gonna do is shift
some money over here none of that
matters it's not we're not doing
anything about any of the problems work
when you want your voice deeper though
it really they're more of an impact
we're participating in theater we're
watching theater what we're doing at
this table is theater criticism hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
