700 migrant children who are separated
from their parents at the southern
border are currently being housed right
here in New York that is according to
the state's Governor Andrew Cuomo
Governor Cuomo joins me now governor
thank you so much for being here
yesterday you toured a facility right
here in New York City what can you tell
us about it
well first thank you for having me
Stephanie I think your previous guest
said we're looking at theater I think
it's actually worse than that this is a
melange of government incompetence and
deception and scams and really ugly
politics
the zero tolerance policy with that
general Kelly thought would keep people
from coming to the border was just a
phenomenal mistake and cause children to
be sent all over the country the
executive order was a scam it wasn't a
reversal at all it's you can't effect
that executive order legally and this
20,000 camp idea is also illegal and
bizarre the one thing we do know is you
have 2,500 children scattered around the
country who are highly traumatized
they're in State foster care facilities
our state happens to have a large number
of them because we have a large number
of foster care facilities and I'm trying
to find out from the HHS where they
actually put the children in my state
why do I have a constitutional
responsibility of helping because HHS
won't tell us where they put the
children which is just unconscionable to
me the mission of HHS is to protect
children I'm offering state assistance
at no cost mental health services
psychological services to help these
traumatized children and they won't even
tell me where they are so we're trying
to do with the other way around by
contacting facilities finding out where
the children are I visited some
yesterday and you can just imagine the
trauma and shock of these children they
appeared at the border with their parent
they were all excited to enter America
and the next thing they know they're
separated from their parents have put on
on air
they're sent to a state they never heard
of they don't speak the language and now
they're in the middle of a foster care
setting some of them by the way have
been sent from foster care facilities to
individual foster care homes which is
even more traumatic and there are fewer
services provided so I want to make sure
we're getting every service we can to
these children just on a humanitarian
level I mean this is not a crisis why is
it they were unable to get this
information from HHS that's what I don't
understand here while they're there
they're sending them to your state
wouldn't they want to coordinate with
you when you ask for this information
when you ask for access help us
understand their rationale in turning
you down no response and in my opinion
no rationale I was formerly in the
federal government I was a cabinet
secretary or a secretary of HUD I've
worked with the federal government as
governor on storms crises health crises
normally this coordination why HHS would
send citizeness children into facilities
that the state regulates and certifies I
regulate those facilities and they won't
even tell me where they're sending them
I sent HHS a letter I called HHS I said
I want to provide psychological services
because these children are traumatized I
spoke to them yesterday these are young
people who are in shock the facilities
that have them will say there's a very
high level of psychological trauma and
physiological trauma some are depressed
summer anxious many are crying they
can't sleep so they need help
forget everything you forget the
politics and the garbage and the lunacy
of this administration when you have the
children when you were at the facility
does it seem that there's a process in
place for reunification because when I
look at whether it's the President or
first hour Ivanka Trump's tweets this is
though okay
zero zero tolerance is over time for
everybody to get back together but I
can't seem to find a process or a policy
in doing that when you were at the
facility do those children or those
employees seem to know okay it's over
we're all getting back together now
no first of all it's impossible legally
to reunite the child and the parent by
law they cannot put the child in a
detention facility and what the
administration is still doing is keeping
the parents in a detention facility so
you cannot unite them with the parent
when they talk about reunification
they're talking about trying to find
another family member in this country
and aunt and uncle or something and see
if that relative will take in the child
and then either wait for the decision on
the parent and if the parent gets
supported the child gets deported with
the parent or the child starts an asylum
proceeding illegal Asylum proceeding
that I spoke to a young man who's been
waiting over one year for asylum so it's
the whole situation is chaotic and when
they talk about reunification they're
not really talking about reunification
with the parents unless they take the
parent out of detention they're talking
about extended family members that's all
this comes down to they're even having
trouble connecting the child to the
parent for communication I spoke to one
young person who's been there for months
spoke to their parent once because
they're trying to find out where the
parent is what detention center and as
you discuss there are separate detention
centers with separate rules so you have
young people who aren't even in contact
with their parent forget reunification
with an extended family member so
governor what can you do anything well
what I can do is despite HHS and their
lack of
cooperation which i think is repugnant
to the mission of HHS remember HHS was
the administration that was supposed to
be helping young people we're now
working through the agencies that have
actually received the children and a
further complication some of the foster
care agencies have sent children to
private foster care homes run by
individual parents etc so we have to
track that all down and then I want the
state to be providing the Supplemental
services that these children need
because the trauma they have suffered is
real our health commissioner says it
every health professional says it and
let's at least get them the mental
health services and counseling and
support services they need to reduce the
trauma they're suffering and we will be
doing that by contacting individual
agencies but it it shouldn't be this
hard where I have to call over 100
agencies to find out where the children
are and by the way when the children are
placed in a state facility the federal
government places a gag order on the
state facility so the state facility
can't even say what children they have
received from the federal government I
mean why would you try to hide these
children in private facilities all
across the country rather than saying to
a state here's our situation we're
sending X number of children to your
state please help provide them services
when does humanity kick in and where is
the the president used the word
compassion they're a public relations
event where people go to the border
we're concerned you're concerned show
your concern and this is how you do it
tell me where the children are so I can
actually provide services and why they
wouldn't do that means they're using
these children as pawns to make a
political point where
macho on immigration we're gonna have
our strong borders it's all politics and
government and competence they can't
even do Stephanie what they say they
want to do you can't set up family
detention centers that's the law and
until they change the law we're going to
keep seeing this and the pipeline of
children will continue it's not over
there's been no reversal by the
president it's continuing hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
