the Rachel Maddow Show we thanks at 9:00
Eastern on MSNBC this time last night we
broke a little bit of news that the
Defense Department was detailing active
duty
Jag's active duty military lawyers at
the request of the Justice Department to
go to the border to start prosecuting
the Justice Department's immigration
cases we broke that news last night the
Defense Department has confirmed it
tonight we are going to break some more
news that you have not heard anywhere
else this is an exclusive story that we
have learned and confirmed today about
the handling of the family separation
policy by the senior ranks of the Trump
administration by one senior Trump
administration official in particular
I'm going to have that breaking news for
you in just one moment all right
Hurricane Katrina became a hurricane on
on a Friday Friday August 25th in 2005
by the next day by Saturday a bunch of
coastal parishes in Louisiana were under
mandatory evacuation orders on that that
first Saturday day after the storm first
became a hurricane New Orleans was under
an evacuation order as well but it was a
voluntary order city announced that
people should get out they announced
that the Superdome would be opened as a
shelter of last resort for people who
couldn't get out that was that was
Saturday by the dawn of the following
day on Sunday
Katrina was not just any old hurricane
anymore it was a category 5 hurricane
and at that point on Sunday the
evacuation order for New Orleans became
a mandatory evacuation order we now know
that that of course was was too late for
many people already early the next
morning on Monday Katrina made landfall
and that day that Monday the levees
broke in some places you could only see
the rooftops above the water some places
the water was so deep you couldn't even
see the rooftops anymore again that the
storm had become a hurricane on Friday
it hit land on Monday when the storm
unleashed that hell on New Orleans and
on the Gulf Coast on Monday it was clear
that the evacuation orders the trains
plans the rescue plans were woefully
woefully inadequate when they were just
when they weren't just non-existent
people just had no way out by Tuesday
the day after landfall the Coast Guard
had pulled hundreds of people off
rooftops by Tuesday there were 20,000
people at the Convention Center where
there was no food no water no services
another 20,000 people had made their way
to that shelter of last resort at the
Superdome by Tuesday people were
literally Americans were literally dying
in plain view in New Orleans at that
point by Tuesday by the day after
landfall watching the news was like
watching the end of the world thousands
of people were feared dead at that point
and then the following day on Wednesday
Condoleezza Rice went on vacation she'd
been doing a lot of international travel
she was tired she decided she would have
a New York City luxury vacation where
she would stay at the Palace Hotel the
Secretary of State she wrote about it in
her memoir years later I flew to New
York that evening upon arriving at the
Palace Hotel I flipped on the television
indeed the hurricane had hit New Orleans
I called Secretary of Homeland Security
Michael Chertoff inquiring if there was
anything I could do it's pretty bad he
said we discussed the question of
foreign help briefly Mike was clearly in
a hurry he said he'd call me if he
needed me I hung up got dressed and went
out to see Spamalot Spamalot the Monty
Python musical the Drudge Report was was
first to break the news that that is in
fact what Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice was doing at the apex of the death
and destruction in New Orleans this was
the original Drudge Report mentioned
from that day back in 2005 quote I
witnessed Secretary of State cond√© nast
sit up at Spamalot while Gulf Coast lays
in tatters theatergoers on New York
City's Great White Way were shocked to
see the president's former national
security adviser at the Monty Python
farce last night and that was in The
Drudge Report New York Daily News added
a little color of their own contributing
to the fiddling while Rome burns
impression given by her boss during the
disaster which may have claimed
thousands of lives Secretary Rice was
booed
by some audience members at Spamalot the
Monty Python musical at the Shubert
theater when the lights went up after
the performance it was kind of an
astonishing thing right that New York
Daily News report was correct people
booed her for being there you think that
would be sort of a wake-up call right if
what you were seeing on TV didn't
indicate to you that maybe this wasn't a
good time for a vacation getting booed
when she showed your face in public you
think it would be sort of a like wake-up
moment like giving what was going on
with the hurricane which everybody could
see on TV and that she had been
specifically briefed on as Secretary of
State if she'd been told in person it's
very very bad and again you could watch
it on television which in fact she says
she was doing she was watching it on
television at the Palace Hotel as it
spiraled from bad to worse to deadly to
even worse than deadly so that must have
been like a real kind of come to Jesus
moment right like oh like maybe I've
been reading this wrong
what did Condoleezza Rice do after she
got booed at the musical farce in the
midst of all this let's go back to her
memoir she says quote the next morning I
went shopping at the Ferragamo shoe
store down the block from my hotel the
website Gawker calm is is dead now it
was killed off by Trump adviser Peter
Thiel the billionaire founder of PayPal
who is way more radical than people
think he is
he thinks women getting the right to
vote is a tragedy I'm just saying
but Peter Thiel didn't like the way that
Gawker covered him as a Silicon Valley
guy and so he killed
Gawker as a news agency as a news
organization before he did so one of
their many many many many many scoops
was that Gawker was first to report on
the scene of Condoleezza Rice buying
thousands of dollars worth of Italian
shoes at the Ferragamo store in New York
City while New Orleans flooded and the
administration see what she was as she
was a senior member of basically didn't
respond at all this was the Gawker
report from that day well just moments
ago at the Ferragamo on Fifth Avenue
Condoleezza Rice was seen spending
several thousands of dollars on some
nice new shoes a fellow shopper unable
to
the absurdity of Rice's timing went up
to the secretary and reportedly shouted
how dare you shop for shoes while
thousands are dying
Gawker continues never one to have her
fashion choices questioned rice had the
security had her security physically
removed the woman then Gawker's report
finishes angry lady whoever you are we
love you you are a true American and
will go shoe shopping with you any time
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice
later denied that anybody had actually
yelled that at her at the Ferragamo
store but she did confirm that that is
where she was and that is what she was
doing on that morning in New York City
at the worst of the Hurricane Katrina
crisis while the federal government
still had basically done nothing to
respond Condoleezza Rice shopping during
Katrina was was actually later cited as
a reason why she could never ever run
for president at this country even if
she wanted to in her memoir she
confirmed the Ferragamo report from
Gawker
she confirmed the Spamalot report from
The Daily News and The Drudge Report she
also confirmed the New York Post
celebrity spotting mention on their
gossip page which caught her hitting a
few balls with Monica Seles at the
stadium at the US Open she confirmed all
of that in her memoir but to her credit
she also in her memoir explained how
much she regretted it all quote i sat
there kicking myself for having been so
tone-deaf quote what had I been thinking
that was 2005 now it is 13 years later
were under the next Republican
presidency after george w bush and our
current catastrophe now is not an act of
god
like katrina was this one is definitely
an act of donald trump but our current
national heroine moral catastrophe that
is driving people to destruction is this
new thing that the Trump administration
started doing weeks ago which has
resulted in the mass separation of
little kids and babies from their
mothers and fathers the Trump
administration apparently started
pursuing this policy in April they have
pursued it through yesterday we still
don't have good numbers but the day
we do have suggest the pace at which
they were taking kids away from their
parents accelerated from just under
fifty a day to just under seventy a day
at least before they stopped yesterday
just as in a hurricane though where the
disaster doesn't end when the wind and
the rain stops this catastrophe that
we've got now of parents and kids having
been taken apart forcibly separated by
the US government this is not over
now either by the government's own
admission we've got more than two
thousand kids that they have taken and
by all accounts there don't seem to be
any procedures in place for how they're
going to get those kids back to their
parents ever they've taken these kids in
many cases no paperwork following them
they've moved these kids all over this
country and there appears to be no plan
for how to get them back to their
mothers and fathers
now one thing Condoleezza Rice always
had going for her in her defense in the
shopping during Katrina scandal was that
even though she was a very highly
visible member of the George W Bush
administration her job title was
Secretary of State at the time of
Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Katrina
was a lot of things it wasn't a foreign
policy crisis though right this
catastrophe we've got now has a very
very specific roster of responsibilities
when it comes to these kids who've been
taken away from their parents there is a
guy in the government there's a senior
Trump administration official who's in
charge of the kids who the government
has taken his name is Alex a czar he's
the Secretary of Health and Human
Services right so it's the it's the
Justice Department and agencies of the
Homeland Security Department who arrest
people at the border and charge and hold
the parents but this new trump
administration policy has the government
forcibly taking the kids out of their
parents arms where the kids then go is
to Alex a czar they give the kids to HHS
which is the agency that Alex a czar
runs these thousands of kids who have
been taken away from their mothers and
fathers he's the one who's got them Alex
a czar we can now report exclusively
tonight on what Alex a czar has been
doing as this crisis has spiked and as
he has become responsible for thousands
of children
who have been taken away from their
parents as the number of kids taken away
from their parents has reached critical
mass as the country has started to
realize the reality and the scale of
this policy as his agency started to
have to open their first new
purpose-built facilities that they
constructed specifically to hold kids
apart from their parents that first
facility was opened by Alexei czars
Agency on Friday
that's that tent city they opened
Antonio Texas to hold kids they open
that on Friday you want to know what
Alex SR did the day after his agency
opened that new facility as this crisis
got big enough that his agency had to
start opening new purpose-built
facilities to hold all the kids because
there were that many as the nation
started to absolutely freak out over
this policy as the pace of taking kids
away from their parents went from almost
50 to almost 70 a day and beyond you
want to know what he did after you just
opened up that first tent city for the
kids Alex a czar spent the next day
Saturday this past weekend in New
Hampshire attending his 30th college
reunion Alex a czar was apparently class
of 1988 at Dartmouth College in New
Hampshire here's the student newspaper
at Dartmouth and now announcing when he
was confirmed as Secretary of HHS here
he is on the Dartmouth class of 1988
webpage confirming RSVP'ing that he
would be attending his reunion this
weekend you might expect that even if
you RSVP'd in advance once a crisis like
this broke out and the and you're the
guy in charge of all the kids that have
been taken you might I don't know maybe
maybe you wouldn't make good on that
RSVP maybe you have canceled no we have
spoken with multiple sources who have
all told us that secretary Hayes are in
fact spent Saturday this past weekend in
New Hampshire at his college reunion
we contacted Secretary Azar's office to
ask where mr. SR was this weekend as the
crisis of kids taken away from their
parents and held in custody of his
agency hit a boiling point as hundreds
of kids were moved into secretary Azar's
brand-new purpose-built facility to hold
them secretary Azar's office would not
comment to us on where he was this
weekend
secretary sr has been saying all along
throughout this crisis that basically
everything's fine here nothing to worry
about he told the Washington Post
yesterday that yes of course he has
personally visited these facilities
where the agency he runs is holding all
of these kids apart from their parents
he said of course he's visited them
he wouldn't say which facilities he has
visited or when but he did tell the Post
definitely he has been there in person
he's seen him his office today would
also not confirm to us which shelters
secretary azar has actually visited or
when he was there
secretary azar has also been insisting
that there's no reason to worry about
these kids being taken away from their
parents there's no reason to worry that
they won't end up back with their
parents there's no reason to think that
there'll be any problem getting these
kids back to their parents because his
agency is on it he's keeping these kids
and parents in touch secretaries are
told the post today quote we keep in
touch with the parents under any
circumstances to ensure placement with
relatives or if the parents are released
secretary Alexei is our main believe
that's what's happening with the kids
who are being held in his agencies
custody that for each kid held by his
agency held by HHS HHS is keeping in
touch with that kids parents but he's
the only person who believes that's
what's happening here's Jonathan Blitzer
in The New Yorker today reporting on a
facility in chaparral New Mexico where
there are 50 mothers in one wing of that
facility who have been separated from
their kids quote few of them even know
where their kids are mothers are going
to be leaving this facility with
psychological problems none of the
agents has explained to the mothers how
they can locate their children so
there's 50 women being held in New
Mexico who have kids that have been
taken away from them Alex Sr hasn't been
keeping in touch with those parents in
terms of them getting their kids back
let alone even knowing where their kids
are the 239 kids being held in New York
City that's become a actually it's
become a New York scandal now because
public officials here including the
mayor of New York City and the governor
of New York say they weren't notified
they had no idea that 239 kids suffer
from their parents were being brought to
New York City they say they basically
found out when everybody else did when a
local TV station broke the news about
all these girls being held in Harlem
after they got a tip that several of
these girls are being moved in the
middle of the night the mayor saying
they'll quote how is it possible that
none of us knew there were 239 kids
right here in our own City how is the
federal government holding back that
information from the people of this city
and holding back the help these kids
could meet the head of Catholic
Charities which is trying to find ways
to get these kids back to their parents
tells the New York Times today quote
there is no system whatsoever to track
these families separations no effort
systematically to reunite these families
there's no supervisor there's no
database saying child here parent there
so they can come back together
Washington Post is now published this
account from a federal public defender
who described a hearing with a mother
whose child had been taken away from her
quote one of my colleagues asked the
federal agent on the stand about the
whereabouts of my clients child the
Justice Department prosecutor objected
to the relevance of that question the
judge then turned on the prosecutor
demanding to know why this was not
relevant at one point the judge slammed
his hand on the desk sending a pen
flying this type of emotional display is
unheard of in federal court the judge
said I cannot understand this if someone
at the jail takes your wallet they give
you a receipt they take your kids and
you get nothing not even a slip of paper
no not even a slip of paper your kid old
enough to have memorized any identifying
information about you that somebody
somewhere might be able to elicit from
them someday to try to help them find
their way back to you wherever you are
if you don't know where they are
they don't know where you are your kid
old enough to talk not even a slip of
paper that is how Alex azar the head of
the Health and Human Services Department
has thus far been handling the job of
getting these two thousand-plus kids who
are in his care back to their parents
there isn't a system there isn't a
database there's nothing no paperwork
connecting the parent from whom the kid
was separated and the kid from whom the
pair
separated nothing so just hope the kid
can talk maybe hope the kid gets a
lawyer hope the kid knows mom's
Detention Facility Location and her
alien number and then maybe they can
sort it out on their own after getting
somebody to change their diaper I mean
that's how HHS secretary Alex azar has
thus far been handling the kids that he
is in charge of in addition to that
dramatic report from that public
defender today The Washington Post also
also published this which they describe
as a a map and a list of facilities
holding these kids separated from their
parents all over the country they Post
says they'll update this as they get
more information and it's interesting
they're actually asking Washington Post
readers to help them crowdsource this
story quote the post is continuing to
report on where migrant children were
sent after they were separated from
their parents do you know of a facility
where these children may be submit a
location click here to submit a location
and there they're building this national
map to try to try to keep track of where
these kids have been taken these kids
who have been taken away from their
parents I mean you got you got to get it
from like people who might have been eye
witnesses or who might have seen kids
somewhere being held somewhere maybe
when they dropped the mail off there so
I don't I mean this is how we're as a
nation tracking information about where
these kids are hoping that anonymous
sources and eyewitnesses and people who
are part of this big secret system will
tell the press and maybe if the press
publicize is enough of it maybe that can
result in lawyers getting to them and
then maybe the lawyers can figure out
some way to connect it with the parents
and Alexei czar says it's fine
everybody's in touch relax
as we've been reporting though you take
thousands of kids forcibly away from
their parents no matter where you try to
hide those kids this is a secret that is
too big to be kept last night a
passenger on an American Airlines flight
from Texas to New York came to believe
that she was on a plane with a bunch of
kids who were not traveling of their own
accord and who were definitely not
traveling with their parents by the time
that flight landed this was the scene at
LaGuardia Airport hundreds of people
showing up to offer support hearing
signs written in Spanish singing songs
looking for the kids it does seem like
the government did bring a bunch of
unaccompanied boys into New York through
LaGuardia Airport in the very late hours
last night and this is after you'll
remember American Airlines said they
wouldn't allow their flights to be used
for kids who were being taken away from
their families this is from the New York
Times quote protesters held signs at
security gates that read bienvenidos on
New York and tomamos and they saying
protest songs in English and Spanish
outside Terminal B not long after a
group of seven boys was spotted getting
off American Airlines flight 27 sixteen
wearing dark hoodies and carrying
government label belongings a circle of
about two hundred protesters gathered
along the taxi line to plan for how they
might lend support to other kids getting
off other planes an American Airlines
spokesman said in an interview that it
had delayed the airline had delayed the
flight from Dallas Fort Worth by 33
minutes until the airline could get
reassurance from government officials
that these kids were not among those who
had been separated from their parents
quote but a cluster of flight attendants
who had been on board stood nearby after
the children deplaned visibly distraught
one flight attendant saying quote they
lied to us one of the people who turned
up to protest said she'd been told that
a crew member on one of the flights
tried to communicate with one of these
unaccompanied kids by writing on a piece
of paper quote what are your names what
are your parents names
maybe the flight attendants of doing
the local press is now starting to find
kids all over the country because
they're getting tips from all over the
country for people who know something
about where these kids are this is from
the Detroit Free Press quote in the
middle of the night two baby boys in
Grand Rapids in Grand Rapids after being
separated from their immigrant parents
at the southern border weeks ago one
child is 8 months old the other is 11
months old both children have become
part of a bigger group of 50 immigrant
kids who've landed in foster care in
Western Michigan under the trump
administration zero-tolerance border
policy the average age of these kids is
8 a number that has alarmed foster care
employees who are struggling to comfort
the growing group of kids who are
turning up in Michigan at nighttime
they're younger than ever they say and
the kids are petrified quote these kids
are arriving between 11:00 p.m. and 5:00
a.m.
not only are they're being separated
from their family they're being
transported to a place that they don't
know in the middle of the night we have
found on many occasions that no one has
explained to these children where they
are going
these kids are hysterical they're
screaming out for mom and dad many have
gone 30 or more days or more excuse me
30 or more days without talking to their
parents because their parents can't be
located but wait I thought Alex SR said
they're constantly in touch with the
parents he's got this part under control
this was the Baltimore Sun today where
they found more kids what immigration
agents have sent dozens of children to
Maryland some are being held in
dormitories and Anne Arundel and
Baltimore counties according to people
involved in the process many of the kids
have come with little information one is
18 months old several are too young to
speak to their new caregivers or help
social workers track down relatives who
might be able to take them in lawyers
are trying to figure out how to put
together asylum claims for six-year-olds
who don't know why they fled their
countries regional director for a
service organization that's trying to
care for about 15 of these kids that
turned up in Maryland tells the
Baltimore Sun that the children they are
seeing are quote more traumatized than
those that this agency has helped before
because of that forced separation from
their parents also tonight we are
getting the first reports about kids not
just being taken away from their parents
and traumatized that way we're also
getting first reports about kids turning
up in hospitals the New York Daily News
reporting tonight that in new
to city public hospitals have treated 12
young kids who were separated from their
parents at the border the children were
brought to to hospitals Bellevue in
Manhattan and North Central Bronx
hospital in the Bronx the director of
pediatric emergency services at
north-central Bronx telling the paper
tonight that she and her clinicians have
felt helpless in treating the children
who have generally arrived without any
medical records and so it's Michigan and
it's Maryland and it's New York and it's
Seattle in Portland and Phoenix and
Kansas City and Chicago and Pittsburgh
and all these other places on this map
this map that the Washington Post's
still building as we speak
based on tips from the public because
that's how we're gonna figure out where
these kids are because apparently it's
gonna be like flight attendants and and
people piecing it together to try to get
them back to their parents there is a
cabinet secretary who's in charge of
taking care of these kids and getting
them back to their parents his name is
Alex a czar and I don't know if he was
wearing ferragamo shoes or if any Monty
Python was involved but as this crisis
exploded over the past week he spent the
weekend going to his college reunion in
New Hampshire anybody who's got a
picture of him there I will plant a tree
in your name if you send it to us I'm
only sort of kidding Rachel Maddow Show
we thought it no nice turn on MSNBC hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
