back to Saudi Arabia and the
disappearance of Saudi journalists it is
not just the US government that is
involved with the Saudi government US
companies lots of them have long made
multi-billion dollar deals with the
Kingdom
the most obvious energy companies Exxon
Mobil and a Saudi company are spending
ten billion Whitby dollars to build a
petrochemical plant in Corpus Christi
Texas
Rowen companies and offshore drilling
operation is part of a seven billion
dollar investment by Saudi Arabia and
operating drilling rigs National Oilwell
Varco and saudi-owned Aramco are
investing six billion over the next 10
years to create drilling rigs and
Weatherford and oil and natural gas
company signed a Memorandum of
Understanding for a two billion dollar
deal an oil field and services project
now on the defense side Northrop Grumman
Lockheed Martin General Dynamics and
Raytheon are all in deals with Saudi
Arabia to provide everything from tanks
missiles jet fighters and choppers
making billions upon billions off the
Saudi military and security efforts now
the Saudi government has redirected
billions of dollars to the Japanese firm
Softbank which took the Saudi money and
became uber ubers largest shareholder
along with significant cash flowing into
startups many Americans like like the
dog walking service wag delivery service
door - workspace company we work more
than just we were a massive investment
in we work plenty an agricultural
company company Nvidia a company that
makes graphics cards used by millions of
Americans and the messaging service
slack that's a lot of money all over
this country Balibo human can't believe
you're still talking like this is this
is so much it is huge even many
commercial and consumer goods companies
that make items that you buy every day
like General Electric Honeywell they've
got billions of dollars in partnerships
with Saudi Arabia
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com
slash newsletters to sign up now
