and even even as Republicans struggle
with their own immigration legislation
President Trump continues to pin the
blame on Democrats this morning he
lashed out at party leaders like Nancy
Pelosi and Chuck Schumer on Twitter
accusing them of being responsible for
the nation's immigration problems and in
favor of open borders the president
doubled down on that charge again this
afternoon loopholes in our immigration
laws all supported by extremists open
border Democrats and that's what they
are the view look at Nancy Pelosi you
look at Chuck Schumer you'll see tapes
where they wanted to have what borders
they needed borders for security just a
short while ago now all of a sudden a
big open border people it's a whole big
con job in the meantime people are
suffering because of the Democrats
California Democratic Representative ana
su joins me now so what do you think of
what the president said do the Democrats
just want open borders and want to
obstruct I think what he said is
pathetic because he is a master of
diversion something goes wrong he
diverts and he blamed someone else for
for something it's so undignified it's
so undignified there have always been
disagreements between the parties
between who is in the White House and
who may be in the Senate who may be in
the house but we've never fallen to this
low place and I think this is where
Donald Trump has taken us so I think
it's pathetic it's sad for the country
it's sad for the country you strip away
the language there are people out there
who will say why didn't this get done
why didn't immigration get done while
Barack Obama was president why why did
that not happen looking back we were on
our way to we were on our way to you
three we did get stalled but I would use
this of course I know but this session
looking back is there anything that you
would have done you would have wanted
your party to do differently anything at
all
well I think that
the biggest mistake was on the part of
the of the speaker when he wouldn't
allow the bipartisan comprehensive
immigration reform bill that the Senate
had written and passed to be brought to
the floor of the house we should be able
to vote what it passes some would vote
aye some would vote nay but we should
have the opportunity to vote and it was
not brought to the floor of the house
and it all went downhill
after that it all went downhill after
that
and today you saw where the majority
can't even pass their own bill and the
other bill is delayed so we're getting
nowhere fast we have a crisis now in our
country
we're disgraced in the world community
because of what's taking place the
crisis with children being separated for
their families and an executive order
last night that reunites families in
jail how's that for the United States of
America are you in believe that this is
my country are you in favor of the
compromise bill no I'm not because it
does nothing about the separation of
families it doesn't speak to these
almost 2500 children how they're going
to be reunited with their families some
experts say they may never see them
again so that's not legislation that's
becoming of the values of this great
country I think it's sad and I don't I
don't think it's anywhere near the best
that we should be doing and it does
it'll take 20 years for someone that has
daca status to ever have a pathway to
citizenship come on the president said a
con game come on
congresswoman Anna Eshoo hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of
other great videos
