joining me now is one of those
Democratic senators Oregon's Jeff
Merkley he was barred entry to a migrant
detention facility in Brownsville Texas
more than three weeks ago and arguably
you could say of the elected officials
out there was one of the first to sound
the alarm at what we were seeing at the
border senator Merkley welcome to the
show sir welcome back to the show I want
to get to both issues here a minute but
let me go to this larger issue of
immigration reform and what's doable and
what isn't if I'm not mistaken the
president of United States offered Chuck
Schumer a deal Chuck Schumer took it and
the president rescinded the deal and the
deal essentially was daca and the wall
full funding for the wall you know work
out some of the details done deal is
that your understanding and was that
some form of a deal you could have still
support if it showed back up yes
absolutely we had the Tuesday Trump who
brought the DS and ours together on that
that day and brought in the media and
the house in the Senate and and said he
he would have to like to have a love
bill and get this done and take the heat
and two days later after taking the heat
he collapsed and he renounced any desire
to to get a deal done so we needed the
the president to actually have a spy in
this case and and he failed us I mean
just to reiterate you will vote for
funding for the wall full funding for
the wall I mean you were willing you and
a button some Demerol willing to do that
if if he really was willing to support
citizenship for daca but what was in
that bill was border security for a year
by year basis and border security done
smart not not a wasted concrete walling
quite the vision that Trump has but I
was support border security and in 2013
the bill that we passed in the Senate
supermajority both parties working
together had a ton of border security in
it what is what do you think is the what
let's wave your magic wand forming here
what would you like to see the border
look like what would you like to see
this immigration policy looked like at
the border for now
well what we have at the moment as a
situation where the president has said
two things yesterday he said first those
2300 kids that are out there who had
been separated I'm not going to help
them out they're left on their own he is
he had his director or the
administration of children families come
out and say nobody's grandfathered here
we're not going to take care of those
that are already separated and then the
president proposed a second plan which
was handcuffs for all we're not just
going to throw the parents in prison
we're going to throw the children in
prison now we did this before it was
called a Japanese internment camp and it
was a dark period in America to put
families in prison that is not the
answer what the answer is are programs
that work like a program like the case
manager program which had a hundred
percent success rate in getting people
to their hearings obviously one of the
problems and this led to one of the
court rulings and this is what the Obama
administration came up to it which is
this issue though is that there is a
backlog right there is especially right
now there's an inundation with what's
with the because of the political
situation in various Central American
countries and frankly we could have a
whole segment on our lack of a foreign
policy for Central America but we could
set that aside for a minute where well I
guess what I'm asking is what do you do
with these families
if catch-and-release isn't a reliable
system what would you do with these
families where you need more time to
decide their asylum cases well the point
is we did have a reliable system a
system and the family case management
program that turned out people according
to the Inspector General of a hundred
percent at their hearings and it uses
they used combinations they use
electronic tracking they use people
could speak the language of the people
they tracked where they were with cell
phones they they basically stayed in
close touch and that worked and it cost
a fraction a tiny fraction of
imprisonment so it was better for the
kids better for the parents it was
treating people fleeing persecution with
respect and dignity so it was a better
policy on every single front than what
the president's proposing which is to
inflict more harm on children to
continue this deterrence strategy and
hurting
kids for deterrence is completely
unacceptable it's unacceptable to hurt
them through family separation and it's
unacceptable to do it through
incarceration it's pretty clear you guys
in Congress have to do a standalone bill
on this issue because it is gonna we're
gonna see legal challenges to the
president's a order and all of that I
know you're not a fan of the Cruz bill
you signed on to the Feinstein bill
obviously there's a desire to merge
something here how would you improve the
Cruz bill so that you could sign on to
it well the cruise bill says we're going
to have a hearing in 14 days to
determine asylum realize that shows that
he has no understanding of people
arriving in the United States of America
who've been fleeing persecution they do
not have paperwork with them they don't
have a smartphone with them they they
don't have the ability to just dial up
back home and get the records they need
to make their case because they have to
prove their case that they were victims
of persecution and that they have a
significant legitimate fear of returning
home that consequences so what's
reasonable what's a reasonable period in
your pair and in your opinion I think
probably coming from as a non-lawyer
so I'm just shooting the dark here but
my impression is about four months you
need time he's got a patient from back
home yes and you have to have access to
attorneys so I went up and visited a
hundred and twenty three men in Sheridan
prison in Oregon last Saturday they did
not have access to attorneys they did
not know when they were ever going to
get even a conversation about the mouth
crossing the border or a date for to go
through the first stage of seeking
asylum they were in complete limbo just
almost a Kafkaesque situation in which
some big government force had tossed
them into prison when they thought they
were arriving in America to be treated
respectfully and then had proceeded to
give them no information about how to
contact their children how to get an
attorney or what was the next date on
the agenda for them so if you can talk
the Republicans into extending the
period it much longer than 14 days my
guess is if you put out 120 maybe maybe
the Republicans come back and you
compromise at 60 say a couple of months
or something like that
if that's fixed then you can sign on to
this cruise bill or are there other
issues no absolutely not this is this is
a handcuffs for all bill it's goes
hand-in-hand with what the president's
laying out which is lock people up that
isn't it is unnecessary we've had good
programs that the administration ended
that we're closely monitoring people
costs all a lesson treated people with
dignity
so his strategy of treating everyone as
a criminal and then criminalizing the
children as well is absolutely wrong so
do you think you could have to system
the you would you propose to systems so
folks with children sort of have a you
know are dealt with one way folks that
come over on their own as adults dealt
with another way actually you don't need
to have two systems case management work
for those with and without children so
you're pretty confident why do you think
this has been a difficult thing to sell
the Republicans well the president
wanted to turn immigration into a
campaign issue for this fall and so he
decided after that Tuesday Trump that
was all happy about doing a deal and
then he got took heat for two days and
he decided to make ms-13 the symbol of
those coming across our border he
decided to turn it into a campaign issue
exploit these children in order to drive
this agenda it is a racist bigoted cruel
inhumane immoral and doesn't fit into
any religious tradition in the world
senator final question and maybe it's
unanswerable but in in and I feel like
each party we get to this brink every
election year and the party in power you
know sort of fails to get there and you
know in 2010 it was Senate Democrats who
wanted the issue supposedly the
president at the time Obama wanted the
compromise the point is are we ever
going to get here or is one party always
going to see a political advantage to
not cutting a deal in 2013 we put
together a group of eight senators four
Democrats four Republicans they worked
out security at the border security for
overstaying visas using visas
effectively for farming and for
high-tech they worked out all of that it
had a super majority support with ds and
ours on board
would have it passed the Senate would it
easily pass the house but the Speaker of
the House refused to put it up for a
vote we got close so that means we could
get it done senator Merkley
an eternal optimist there I'm paid to be
the cynic right thanks for coming out
Democratic thanks for coming on
appreciate it
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more b2
press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
