it's pretty clear you guys in Congress
have to do a standalone bill on this
issue because it is gonna we're gonna
see legal challenges to the president's
a order and all of that I know you're
not a fan of the Cruz bill you signed on
to the Feinstein bill obviously there's
a desire to merge something here how
would you improve the Cruz bill so that
you could sign on to it well the Cruz
bill says we're going to have a hearing
in 14 days to determine asylum realize
that shows that he has no understanding
of people arriving in the United States
of America who've been fleeing
persecution they do not have paperwork
with them they don't have a smartphone
with them they they don't have the
ability to just dial up back home and
get the records they need to make their
case because they have to prove their
case that they were victims of
persecution and that they have a
significant legitimate fear of returning
home that consequences so what's
reasonable what's a reasonable first
period in your pair and in your opinion
I think probably coming from as a
non-lawyer
so I'm just shooting the dark here but
my impression is about four months you
need time twenty pages from back home
yes and you have to have access to
attorneys so I went up and visited a
hundred and twenty three men in Sheridan
prison in Oregon last Saturday they did
not have access to attorneys they did
not know when they were ever going to
get even a conversation about the about
crossing the border or a date for to go
through the first stage of seeking
asylum they were in complete limbo just
it almost a Kafkaesque situation in
which some big government force had
tossed them into prison when they
thought they were arriving in America to
be treated respectfully and then had
proceeded to give them no information
about how to contact their children how
to get an attorney or what was the next
date on the agenda for them so if you
can talk the Republicans and extending
the period it much longer than 14 days
my guess is if you put out 120 maybe
maybe the Republic's come back and you
guys compromise at 60 say a couple of
months or something like that if that's
fixed then you can sign on to this
cruise bill or
absolutely not this is this is a
handcuffs for all bill its goes
hand-in-hand with what the president's
laying out which is locked people up
that isn't it is unnecessary we've had
good programs that the administration
ended that we're closely monitoring
people costs all a lesson treated people
with dignity
so his strategy of treating everyone as
a criminal and then criminalizing the
children as well is absolutely wrong so
do you think you could have two system
the you would you propose two systems so
folks with children sort of have hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
