you see on NBC News Capitol Hill
correspondent and host of KCG see right
here on MSNBC so Casey did look there
are a lot of reasons why this
immigration bill died is about to die
again and is going to die in different
ways but is it the president's fault is
it I mean is it because the president
won't sell it like is that ultimately
the issue I think it's a significant
part of the issue because the problem is
on as it always seems to be in the House
Republican Conference the problem is on
the right flank and frankly the
president is the only one who has the
power to twist those arms hard enough to
get something like this done but you
know as you know Chuck this president
seems to respond to whatever the last
thing is that anybody's told him so when
he was sitting there with senators and
they're saying well mr. president even
if this bill passes the house it's never
going to become law because we're not
gonna pass it in the Senate then he says
well that's ridiculous why are we even
bothering to do this in the first place
which of course in some ways
misunderstands kind of the politics of
practice all came to be and what is
going on here so I mean leadership is in
a tough position the moderate wing of
the talk of the conference is really
upset they're really frustrated they
feel like the freedom caucus did not
negotiate in good faith that they move
the goalposts at the last second that
this is another round of grandstanding
you'll remember they agreed to do this
negotiation to to alleviate that
discharge petition that may have turned
out to be a miscalculation and and what
an undercurrent here Chuck that I think
has been underfoot people haven't
focused enough on is the fact that you
know speaker Ryan is leaving
so these moderates that were previously
interested in making sure that he was in
a secure position so they don't you know
they don't
he doesn't have that anymore so that
anger is boiling over all right so what
happens next I mean let's be realistic I
know we know this House Republican
leadership well if they know a bill is
going to die
they usually pull it so I doubt a vote
happens tomorrow what does Jeff Denham
and Carlos Carvalho and Mike Coffman
write what do these guys do next well
Chuck I think the actual question here
is that in the rub with pulling it
you're right
they usually do but they promised them a
vote they promised them a vote
in exchange for dropping the discharge
petition and I think that if moderates
don't get a chance to vote on this bill
you're gonna see that anger boil over
there's already conversations about
another discharge petition around
another bill that quite frankly would be
further to the left than this compromise
that they have worked out that Democrats
would probably be more excited about
it's that bill that I heard an Aguilar
have been working on you'll hear people
shorthand it is that sure to our bill so
I really do think you would see
something of an open revolt against the
speaker if he didn't go forward with the
vote and I think you know that's the
problem here that's why they're in this
box where they had to say okay fine
we'll delay it we'll try to convince
people but you know I just I have
trouble seeing the fundamental
underlying dynamics here changing much
between now and tomorrow morning the
good lot bill did it get more votes than
you expected in some ways yes but not
really I mean I think it came out about
where we expected it to be I mean to a
certain extent you know there's a
relatively small number of Republicans
for whom that was a really problematic
vote and you saw those people vote
against it I think for others in some
ways it's a little safer to be on the
side of the immigration hardliners okay
what times this votes supposed to be
tomorrow because we've already learned
many members think they're going to be
flying home tomorrow that they're not
gonna be available in the afternoon so
they really get in this voting Chuck I
you know I think the jet fumes are
strong they are strong force I think you
know who knows if they open the vote and
they really are trying to wrangle people
on the floor and it stretches into a
couple of hours then yeah you could see
you could see it stretch into the
afternoon but people are here with their
families all of their kids are in town
for you know congressional picnic at the
White House they've got a you know
that's a lot of people to have to
reschedule flights for so I'd be
surprised very fair point I will be - I
have a feeling Casey or all the lighter
day than you expect tomorrow who knows
this is the Trump era yes thank you much
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and msn
see you get more meet the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
