we're still waiting to hear though about
the thousands of children who are
already separated and if they're going
to be reunited with their parents
joining me now from Texas the mayor of
Miami Republican France as far as mayor
thank you so much for joining me I spent
the last few days in Texas I could not
get any access tell me what you're about
to see and who else is with you well I'm
here with the Conference of Mayors a
Steve Benjamin the president's
Conference of Mayors asked us asked me
to join him for a bipartisan group of
mayor's to to see what's going on here
in this facility in Tornillo Texas where
there are apparently thousands of kids
who have been separated from their
parents we still don't know whether the
executive action is going to reunite
those children with their parents we
don't know what kind of condition the
kids are living in so there's still a
lot of unanswered questions we don't
know why they haven't been we haven't
been able to get access to the facility
or why people are being denied access to
facilities around the United States it
all creates a tremendous amount of
suspicion and so as as mayor we don't
look at things from a partisan
perspective we look at this as a
humanitarian issue as an issue that goes
to the morality of our country and as
something that needs to be solved
immediately for the betterment of all
for sure this is not a political issue
this is a morality issue Toni aware that
tent city is being erected are you
concerned at all about the massive
expense to the American taxpayer this is
going to cost tens of millions up tens
of millions of dollars to enact and the
fact that the administration has given
us no transparency to understand why
they're doing it how are they doing it
and see inside does that concern you at
a time when budgets matter you know
frankly as the son of Cuban immigrants
and the father of two children my main
concern is the parents have been
separated from their children the trauma
that children may be undergoing at this
very moment we had up a little barn
which was an operation when humans fleet
Cuba where they were separated from
their families to come to United
and I have had messages from many of
them relating the trauma that they still
feel more than 40 50 years ago so I
think that's the bigger concern right
now we want to make sure that these
children are relocated with their
families immediately what kind of
conditions they're in and why are we not
being allowed to see the facility do you
have any information as to how they're
going to do that I mean to the best of
our knowledge the kids were not
photographed before they left you know
they don't have any sort of bracelet or
identification on them and the zero
tolerance policy was was put in place
rather quickly and we haven't heard any
plans yet of how logistical e
reunification would work do you know no
we don't and I think it creates a lot of
suspicion when facilities across the
United States are being denied access to
federal to federal elected officials it
would be as if I decided I wanted to go
into my police department when I came
home on Friday and I was told I couldn't
walk into my police department building
I mean things that just don't make any
sense and they create suspicion so I
think I'm certainly happy that the
president executed that executive order
but I think that there are a tremendous
amount of unanswered questions that go
to the very heart of this issue which is
a separation of children from their
family you've got one of these
facilities in your area in Florida that
HHS put in place could you get in there
I couldn't I try to get in there before
coming over here what do they tell you
neo and then certainly what-what I get
it when I try to get to they say you're
a journalist beat it but you're the
mayor yeah they've been they've been
telling us the same thing they're
telling us here which is you have to
apply it's a process that takes forever
it takes a couple of weeks and it just
doesn't make sense again like I said the
example that I gave if I wanted to walk
into my own Police Department I don't
have to file an application I don't have
to wait a minute I mean it would be
crazy to think that as a government
official I couldn't walk into any
facility of the city of Miami to find
out at any given moment what's going on
particularly if there are concerns that
something may be going on that's not
proper or appropriate
mayor thank you so much and please to
our audience again this is not political
this is not partisan that's the mayor of
Miami who is denied access to a facility
in his own area saying he needed to fill
out a form and apply for it that simply
makes no sense so we're going to keep
asking why hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
