I hope you're sitting down for this
president Trump is being accused of
making false claims about healthcare
blasting Democrats in an op-ed that was
written in a newspaper just weeks before
midterm voting begins so for facts sakes
let's break down what's true and what's
not number one Trump is claiming the
Democrats medicare-for-all proposal
would quote end Medicare as we know it
and take benefits away that seniors have
paid for for their entire lives that's
just not true while the plan would
change Medicare to include everyone and
I think we have to talk about this
without endorsing it it would expand
benefits by eliminating all premiums and
deductibles and adding dental vision and
hearing aid coverage Trump is also
claiming the plan would quote and a cost
and astonishing thirty two point six
trillion dollars in the first ten years
thirty six point two trillion dollars
guess what this claim actually is true
according to two separate analysis
analyses of senator Bernie Sanders
proposal it's his Medicare for all bill
however supporters say this number
doesn't paint the full picture because
new federal spending just thirty two
point six trillion dollars would replace
all existing premiums and deductibles
for everyone in the country so it's
thirty two point six trillion versus
what there's a lot of debate over how
the cost would compare to our current
system one of the analyses found the
total health care spending public and
private would actually drop by two
trillion dollars in one scenario if the
bill became law but we should know the
expansion would require a major increase
in taxes that part is true but then you
wouldn't be paying premiums speaking of
premiums the president claims they are
coming down that is a whopper that's
false the Kaiser Family Foundation says
the average premium for a single person
is up three point three percent while
the average family premium is up five
percent there aren't a lot of worlds in
which your premiums are going down you
can kind of assume when somebody says
your premiums are going down that that's
a lie Kaiser also says premiums are
expected to stabilize next year
partially because insurers spiked their
prices last year in anticipation of the
end of Obamacare finally
Trump claims he's kept his promise to
protect coverage for pre-existing
conditions that claim is false among
other things the administration is
backing a republican-led lawsuit arguing
that Obamacare's protections for
pre-existing conditions are actually
illegal hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
