we're getting a first look at images
provided by the federal government of
girls who have been separated from their
parents
MSNBC's Jacob Soboroff says a Health and
Human Services official tells him that
the images of to shelters serving girls
and tender aged children in Homestead
Florida and Bristow Virginia were
released last night after first airing
on Fox News the images show young girls
and boys one infant and a bunch of empty
high chairs and beds Jacob says he still
has not received any official word on
when he and his crew might be able to
tour those facilities Wow I got a white
why would you not I don't understand
what's the justification for not
allowing and to make it look at or these
facilities this is not a national
security issue there's no justification
in fact we there's a very credible
argument that we are as taxpayers are
paying for these facilities that this is
a government policy that we should have
insight into and of course the First
Amendment the First Amendment arguments
but it I mean we're asking rhetorical
questions we know why they're not
showing it is the answer no no why they
were not showing this because they're
humiliated by mom know that if we just
got out it would be disastrous for them
all right don't joining us now former
deputy chief of staff deputy of Homeland
Security where she played a crucial role
in that agency's creation she's also a
former counselor to the Secretary of
Health and Human Services a former
deputy chief of staff to Senator Marco
Rubio as well as a Senior Program
Officer at the Bill and Melinda Gates
Foundation
Sally Canfield also with us is Deputy
Washington bureau chief at Time magazine
Alex Altman he's here with this week's
cover welcome to America the cover story
entitled American values Trump's brutal
gambit at the border reflects a
president uncomfortable with ideas and
again I just want to show I want to show
this cover devastating cover
and it's it's how America right now is
is seen by the rest of the world so
Sally let me begin with you is there any
reason that you can imagine why these
detention facilities for these children
these tender care detention facilities
for children could not be toured by
lawyers members of the press other so
Americans can know exactly what's going
on behind closed doors there is not and
I can't imagine why they wouldn't want
to have people come through quite
frankly when I was at the Department of
Homeland Security even at the Department
of Health and Human Services there is no
reason why they would not want to have
people come through and so quite frankly
if there is something that is going on
there they should let people through
they should let any organization through
that does these issues quite frankly but
there's no reason why they shouldn't be
let through hey Sally it's willie Geist
um you talked about working for
Secretary Tom Ridge when you all started
homeland security and he always told you
as you wrote
there's always another option in other
words the idea that we're just enforcing
the law is a little bit of a cop-out
Sally Sarah Lee yeah so I always think
like look when we made the Department of
Homeland Security there was always ways
in which we could get around certain
situations and quite frankly the
immigration laws in this country have
always been loose if you will I mean
quite frankly going back to probably the
founding of this country but there's
always a way for people to be able to be
led into this country for the right
reasons and we always tried to make
every available reason for people to
come in for the right reasons and quite
frankly what they're doing right now is
unconscionable Alex the cover
Time magazine's cover welcome to America
obviously a very strong cover I'm just
wondering as as Time magazine explores
the impact this has the global
implications on America's standing I
can't help but look back at the attacks
that our ambassador first our ambassador
and the president of United States false
attacks made on Angela Merkel and also
false attacks claiming that immigration
had caused German crime rates to
skyrocket when in fact there the loss in
generation and Merkel was the most
popular politician in Germany right now
it seems that what's happening in
Germany Donald Trump's attacks on one of
our closest allies since 1945 I there
you can draw a straight line from there
to what's happening at the border I
think that's right and you know you've
seen his attacks again on what's
happening in Germany and you contrast'
them with the way that he is lavished
praise on a fareth or eteri and leaders
around the world ranging from Vladimir
Putin to Kim jong-un and again I think
it does one reason I think this is a
powerful cover is it this issue this
ongoing and humanity reflects the
question of whether or not we are living
up to America's founding values most
presidents have tended to talk in a
high-minded language of equality of
democracy liberty and human rights Trump
uses those words almost never and the
words that he uses instead are kind of
zero-sum strength and weakness the
language of grievance really Alec's
former secretary DHS secretary jeh
Johnson has said that the fundamental
miscalculation behind this policy is
that this will actually work that these
images that you have on the front cover
of your magazine will work to deter
future waves of immigration is there
anything in our history that suggests
that that is the case given that like
jeh Johnson says
what many of these immigrants are facing
at home is much worse unfortunately than
what we're doing to them at the border
well I think that's a good question and
I think it's a matter of real debate as
to whether deterrence works as a policy
certainly there are Republicans who
think so
Jeff sessions even as the administration
was denying that this was even a policy
came out and said well of course it
serves as its purposes by deterring
people coming across but as you note you
know the the waves of people you know
washing up on the southern border is
driven by issues that are far larger
than what the administration is doing it
driven by seasonal migration patterns in
the global economy and the violence that
is racking many countries and cities in
Central America
where a lot of these migrant children
and their parents are coming from alex
Hultman thank you this week's Time
magazine is welcome to America Sally
Canfield thank you very much as well and
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
