welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios a.m.
national political reporter for Axios
Jonathan Swan Jonathan good morning to
you morning talk to us about Axios is
one big thing today so we take you
inside what my colleague mark Alyn
describes is the biggest blunder of
trump's presidency the family separation
policy and then the head spinning way in
which he reversed himself yesterday I
came on this very show yesterday morning
and said that there was no indication
that he was going to unilaterally change
his policy and let me tell you senior
staff at the communications meeting in
the morning the White House were also
under that impression their impression
was that they were going to let Congress
act wait and see if they were going to
fail or not and then maybe after that
introduced some sort of executive action
Trump changed course late in the morning
and move very rapidly they were still
uncertainty at about noon 1:00 p.m. even
2:00 p.m. as that rolled on exactly what
form this was going to take there were
legal there was legal consternation and
so it was a complete moment two moments
improvised as one source in the White
House described to me cluster so what do
you think Jonathan really really pushed
the president over the edge you had so
many voices weighing in on this from the
Pope to the UN to Bono every first lady
his own wife at that weighing in on
their dissatisfaction with the way the
immigration situation was playing out
what do you think the president what do
you think really pushed the president
over the edge with this reporters in
general and sometimes I often I fall
into this trap we spend too much time
analyzing advisors around the president
he is really a lone ranger yes he
listens to everyone yes he said he seeks
every advice but a source close to Trump
put it best to look you have to
understand this is a man who watches
more cable news than the average
American
he is watching cable news from the
moment he wakes up in the residence he
has his first meeting of the day usually
around 11 o'clock in the Oval Office
he's what's been watching TV until then
then he spends most of the day one of
the day when he doesn't have meetings in
the dining room adjoining the Oval
Office watching cable TV so it's the
images salmon and it's absorbing this
that was the tipping point rather than
any advisor do you is there any
reporting to indicate that his daughter
had anything to do with this the
conversation that she had with him
well again she did have advocate to him
behind the scenes and and even more
significantly Melania Trump did she
never really ways it's very rarely with
just Melania weigh in on policy but she
weighed in on this one I don't know if
you're going to do a hierarchy of
influence yeah I don't know and I don't
think really anyone does how is the
White House now viewing how how this has
all been dealt with publicly well the
more honest aides the more candid aides
describe it as I described before one
waylay described to me a say it's a
cluster and a fully admit it to me this
is a senior aide that this was probably
around noon they really didn't know
where this was going to end up still
this was still a moving situation and
you have to remember I think the
Washington Post did a video yesterday of
the 14 different ways in which the White
House to describe this policy over the
last week first it was it's not our
policy some were saying it is our policy
and it's terrific it's our policy but we
don't want it we can't we have no power
to change anything it's the law and of
course then they reverse themselves now
the narrative certainly changed a lot
didn't it over the last week or so
Jonathan Swan thank you so much we're
gonna be reading Axios a.m. in just a
little bit and to all of our viewers out
there you too can sign up for the
newsletter sign up Axios calm hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
