with me now conservative congressman we
describe the separation policy as
terrible Congressman Roger Marshall
Republican of Kansas I'm congressman it
was yesterday I believe or a few days
ago the president said explicitly I
can't just sign an executive order to
stop this and then today he's signed an
executive order to stop it was the
president lying no not not at all I
think the president was much like like a
big ship sailing into the wind trying to
tack back and forth he started down a
policy direction it wasn't working quite
the way he wanted it to so he tacked it
over to this side I think that you have
to keep in mind the president's main
objective is always national security
and securing these borders so he's going
to keep that as his priority certainly
he was concerned as much like you and I
are about the children and he's going to
try to fix this problem as well if he
was if he was concerned about the
children why did he only act after
several weeks after twenty-six hundred
children have been separated a massive
media outcry people turned against him
at Capitol Hill and after he gave a
speech the other day in which he said
you have to take away the children too
applause yeah exactly I think there's
some more facts that need to be reported
we went with the illegal crossings
coming across our Mexican border from
15,000 a month to 50,000 this was
because this was becoming a crisis this
was becoming a crisis he was reacting to
fix the crisis and keep users minorities
for national security I asked a simple
question and the question was this which
I'd like you to answer if possible if
the president was upset about separating
children why did he put a policy in
place and separated children not tell
the truth about that being his policy
and then stick to it for six weeks while
2600 children were separated and not
change until an outcry happened I think
he was trying to keep his priorities
straight which is exactly what he did
and then he's continuing to do that he's
his if you would just know the
president's heart the way I know it he
loves children you saw what happened in
Syria when when the children were bombed
with chemical weapons and how his heart
responds to this the president's
intention was never to hurt families his
intention was always national security
and border security and then we had this
situation of rise
he's addressing sale we have we have
interviewed on this network we've
interviewed mothers from Guatemala and
Honduras whose sons have been killed by
drug cartels who have fled a thousand
miles north risking everything are they
a national security threat I think that
when you have 50 thousand people
crossing our border at the same time
that's a province getting the number in
about slice it and I'm trying to and I'm
trying to answer Chris I think that you
have to share the rest of the story the
number of families that are there
opposing as families as quadruple crying
across our borders so you're you're
having people that are doing human
trafficking terrorists terrorists and
cartel members using users or kids as
there's a terrorist in Khartoum the
evidence of that I have heard that where
is your evidence for that where is an
evidence of a terrorist using a child to
cross a border I would like to see some
evidence of that right so I think what I
would encourage you to do is go look at
the kids that are under the age of five
years old that are being in custody
right now and see how many of them were
separated from true parents as opposed
to from cartel members or from
traffickers so I think you need to do
some more investigating reporting and
that's why I'm going to the border my
centers this weekend to sort this out
yes sir well congressman I would love it
if by the you or I could get into the
facilities with five-year-olds but they
won't let us into the facilities with
five-year-olds and I really would urge
you to talk to some of these parents
firsthand to determine whether you think
their traffickers and I would also say
don't you think traffickers and cartels
who of course have been trafficking
people and running drugs through this
country for decades and have tremendous
power in Mexico and Central America has
better ways of people getting in than
Haggard Honduran moms at a crossing the
Rio Grande with two kids in tow you know
how can you explain that the number of
families people posing as families at
quadrupled how can you explain the
number of people asking for a sign as is
pre increased exponentially why don't
you sit asking why not that is you keep
it we'll keep using the word posing
congressman I'm just asking you you keep
using the word posing you keep implying
that these people are making up stories
that five-year-olds have been coached
that they've been taken by traffickers
what I'm asking you is to present
evidence that that is happening in any
systemic way and certainly that would
that was my questions for DHS yesterday
and they've reassured me what I just
told you is the truth and so I think
when I go to there this weekend I'll try
to sort it out more but but why don't
moms with legitimate family go through
the proper routes if they want to silent
they go through the legal route where
their children would be protected why
would my jeopardize why would moms try
to say attempt to sacrifice their own
children why don't they Paul give me
this arrow lands Congress congressman do
you have moms in your district yes I
delivered over five thousand babies so I
have a few months of my district you
know you know you know how important
that bond between a mother and a newborn
baby is you know what it would mean for
your patients if they were ripped away
while they were nursing their children
you know what it would mean for a mother
if they were trying to protect a child
from danger I just don't understand why
it seems so hard for you to empathize
with the plight of these people that are
coming for legitimate reasons they are
terrified to be where they are and what
I'm hearing from you is they're being
irresponsible with their kids and
they're faking it no no Chris I have
great empathy like the president I have
great empathy for these children and for
the moms I want to do everything
possible to keep their families together
I I said over and over this is a
terrible situation and I want to fix it
and that's why I'm gonna vote YES
tomorrow on our honor legislation to fix
the problem a long-term fix that gives
long-term certainty to this very
terrifying situation so I want to fix I
think we can have both I think we can
have a country of laws I think we can
have security and I think we can have
compassion as well it doesn't have to be
either/or I put that that I agree with
you entirely and and I want to ask two -
two final things one is that when you do
come out on here I would ask I would
plead that you actually talk to some of
the the lawyers who represent some of
these cases here maybe meet some of the
people who are coming and talk to them
about their stories to determine whether
they're telling the truth or not and my
second question for you is I just want
to get this on the record because you
were you in the meeting with the
president with the House GOP yes sir I
will yes I'll commit to asking those
bombs and yes I was in the meeting
the president last night okay so just
the final question here this is the
president recounted about the his
appearance there he said had a great
meeting with the House GOP last night at
the Capitol they applauded and laughed
loudly when I mentioned my experience of
Mark Sanford I have never been a fan of
his the president castigating mark
Sanford who lost his primary there's two
members of the House GOP caucus who have
said that's categorically untrue is that
true III heard a lot of cheers I heard a
few groans but uncatted Oracle II this
president was supported I don't know if
we're gonna have a blue way but red way
but we're gonna definitely have a trump
wave this winter and if people don't hop
on this Trump train now they're gonna be
left behind it was like Knute Rockne was
talking to us last night giving us a
great speech going into battle this
Republican Party supports this president
I've never seen such engagement support
for a person in my entire life it's just
been incredible it's like a like Yankees
fans on the Yankees and Red Sox and
their and their fans they're just
totally engaged with this president and
they're gonna support him to the end
would you say would you say that voters
around the country when they're thinking
about who to pull the lever for this
fall whoever that name is on the
Republican Party they're really voting
for Donald Trump as you just said
because of the unanimity of support the
robust powerful and unanimous support of
the Republican House caucus for Donald
Trump that when they're voting for a
lever they're what they're really voting
is from the president or against the
president you know I'm not a not a
professional politician what I know is
that President Trump plays very well in
a lot of music a lot of districts I
think it's partially true so in my
district that's probably true that she
will show us that there was this very
simple question should voters should
voters when they go to pull the lever
and they're thinking about who to vote
for whatever that name is of the
congressional Republican candidate what
you just said is this is a fully United
Party behind the president United States
a raucous raucous and robust support for
him should they be thinking that really
they're voting for someone to support
Trump when they go and pull that lever I
think in the same way that when Ronald
Reagan was running for re-election
people were voting for Reagan but I also
think I can stand on my own merits as
well in my own district and
Kevin McCarthy will stand on his two
feet and and so let's keep Scalise will
stand on his own two feet as well that
we are individuals
what makes this party great as we give
choices we can disagree and that
disagreement leads to greater decision
making process and this president
welcomes that disagreement he welcomes
that pantera back and forth so we're all
in on Trump he's gonna be a great asset
for us this fall
final question can we can you will you
agree right now that after you come down
here and after you talk to some of the
the actual people who are coming across
the border and their legal
representations you can come back on the
show and we can talk about what you
learned I'll be honored - excellent
Thank You Carson I really do appreciate
you taking time with me tonight thank
you Chris thank you for caring about
these these kids and these moms in the
entire situation
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
