Donald Trump saying he expects quote
happy people today after he's partly
back down from his policies splitting
children from their parents but for the
more than two thousand children who have
already been separated under Trump's
policies while the damage goes on NBC
News speaking to a former excuse me to a
Michigan foster mother caring for five
migrant children split from their
parents one of my children was separated
from his father and just some signs of
trauma are lack of sleep real trouble
with food wanting to eat no appetite
agitated not calm anxious always
inquiring about the whereabouts of his
father when would he be able to connect
with family when could he talk to them
and we were not able to take care of
that or connect him because we didn't
have a phone number some of these
children were taken thousands of miles
from their parents and they arrived in
new cities even we're learning under the
cover of night and that includes
Manhattan reporter Josh Robin was tipped
off that children were being brought to
a foster agency last night this was
after midnight but he went and got the
footage you're seeing here in New York's
governor later confirming that the young
people in this video are Border migrants
josh is here to explain his reporting
now as Trump takes this victory lap what
about these kids what about their
parents many of whom may be deported
before any chance at reunification well
they must not be in the group of people
Donald Trump says are happy today and
here's why a former ice director says
these kind of situations are avoidable
and families should never have been
split in the first place keep families
together at almost all costs because
once you separate those families you run
a serious risk of they never see each
other again when the children are
separated from their parents they're
treated as unaccompanied minors they go
in a separate legal track than do the
parents the parents can be deported very
quickly so now you have the parent back
in Honduras of Guatemala and the child
could be in a childcare facility
somewhere in the United States thousands
of miles from the border
it gets very hard for the federal
government to coordinate and track the
location of both people the reporter who
exposed this story is Josh Robin elver
night he saw those young girls being
taken to the foster Services Center
that's this footage you're seeing and
you may have seen it going viral today
online he joins me as well as Giulio
Ricardo Veria
co-host of the political podcast in the
thick and founder of the blog Latino
rebels and Erica and iola back with us
Josh how did you find this what does it
mean well we got a tip I got a tip from
source and then another source
confirming it telling me to show up at a
facility that's on Park Avenue but not
the fancy Park Avenue Park Avenue in
East Harlem we go there and it's dark
and it doesn't look like there's anyone
around and we're waiting around and then
after midnight shortly before 1:00 a car
pulls up and a bunch of young girls come
out and it was extremely mysterious and
I think that the importance of it is not
that not just that people recognize that
this is is happening but I think this is
really the first time that we as a
nation have understood that this isn't
just a problem that is on the southern
border this is in other places we do
cleaning now you're clean from from
being there how the treatment was how
the the young young women the young
girls were doing what did they seem
confused they seem upset had they sort
of figured out just how to go along with
it could you glean anything from the
ground there they seemed resigned I mean
it was pretty astounding
you know these were young girls maybe 7
8 9 years old and it's the middle of the
night and they are out they were with
some chaperones it appeared like they
didn't seem particularly agitated they
really seemed resigned to it they were
put into a car afterwards they went
inside to this facility for about an
hour and then emerged covered so so as
to conceal their identity we're looking
at some of that I mean
and one can understand why that measure
may be taken is they're loaded into this
car but but it's also you know it's also
children in New York under a black
blanket effectively right although you
know the images that we showed here on
New York one we didn't show their faces
we just thought it was important for New
Yorkers to know that this is happening
here and indeed in the wake of this
mayor de Blasio actually held a news
conference our Mayor Bill DeBlasio held
a news conference and more information
emerged which is that this Center alone
has 239 kids that they're processing who
have been separated from their parents
so this number 2,000 across the nation
might be might be really low the
estimates here in the city or in the
state are 100 to 300 but if there's 239
alone in the center then it makes sense
that there are more and frankly we're
not getting information from the federal
government and what you're reporting
there goes to Erica is I think to two
themes one apart from the moral and
policy dimension of this if politics is
local and people think of this as
something that only happens at the
border this reporting show is just how
wrong that is if if young people are
being effectively orphaned by these
Trump orders that's something that then
has years of consequence not only for
them but for every part of America that
has to deal with it number two reading
from the New York Times reporting
however these young people may appear in
the moments on camera
The Times shows institutions by the
nature warped these attachments of the
children that they long for that they
need and there are then lifelong risk
for cardiovascular and mental health
disease risk of of course lasting
emotional problems an expert on the
times the earlier they're out the better
put that in a context for us as
tonight's news is number one
Trump partly backing down on doing this
but number two thousands of these kids
in the situation that continues this is
the problem that it's got it's gotten to
a point where America has woken up and
has said no you're getting to you
getting children ripped away from their
parents the fact is that we
rady dealt with family detention centers
that we have already dealt with you know
shelters and places across the country
that do house children the do house
entire families you know in detention
even under the obama administration this
was already happening
there was a much attention on it and now
there is so i'm really my biggest hope
is that we can make sure that all the
outrage all the people that are getting
ready to go to march you know to march
in the 30 years and the 2nd of july but
they still show up and that yes perhaps
there was there was no change that
happened because of the pressure but
that we can still say you know what this
is now a we're about right and not only
that that we go to our local elected
officials in places where there is
detention centers where there is jails
or places that have children and they
have families and I have migrants that
are that are detained there and
for-profit completely for-profit and so
this is the moment to continue to be
loud about it and not let what Trump
does did you know make us think that
this has gone away cuz he hasn't Julio
yeah I mean one of the things the other
thing is that I do want to bring up
Latino rebels published an open letter
from a counselor from the office of
refugee resettlement the person wish to
remain anonymous but but provided some
very interesting information that now
the ORR s are known has to provide
personal information to DHS about
sponsors in the country who want to take
some of these kids and bring them into
their home now you know it could be a
parent it could be a sibling it could be
an entre knuckle but there's a fear now
that these these sponsors some of them
might be undocumented and by giving this
personal information to DHS and ice
they're also at risk of being deported
so what you're seeing is not necessarily
immigration as a humanitarian push what
you're seeing in the Trump
administration is pure enforcement and
it's happening not just in DHS or in ice
but it's happening in places like the
the ORR which is known to you know
they're known to bring in kids to take
care of them but now you're see
that those are the things that aren't
being talked about the you know that
that's a big thing that that the big
question that I have in all this re is
where you know how are we tracking the
rest of these families like where are
they going we've already heard stories
of parents in Central America who can't
find their kids in the United States and
this is 2018 and I'll and I'll leave you
with this this is just the latest
example of the United States policy that
has been going on for decades of
terrorizing and and and basically
criminalizing an entire population of
Central American and Mexican popular you
know Mexican people well you're raising
problem you're raising the profound
moral question if we talk about moral
leadership when the president I States
comes out today and says this is a
terrible thing that needs to stop then
what is the moral obligation of him and
then of us to deal with this terrible
thing that has been done to these
children many effectively orphaned by
government policy this is this is real
life hey I'm already melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our youtube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
