welcome back I've got a big guest for a
new topic Donny Deutsch you may know him
as a Morning Joe panelist an MSNBC
analyst but he's also actually a
longtime associate if I can use that
word Donny of Michael Cohen right
friends so she assumes we're doing
business together poor words of French a
friendship a friend and that makes him
really the right guest to have on a day
like this the Wall Street Journal is
reporting just within the last hour that
the public of the National Enquirer now
subpoenaed in the Michael Cohen probe
Cohen also resigning from his post on
the Republican Party's Finance Committee
citing the Special Counsel investigation
all of this while Cohen reportedly wants
Donald Trump to fork over some bucks for
his legal bills saying he owes him after
years of loyalty I just think about
where we are at Donald Trump claims to
be worth over 10 billion Michael Cohen
lives in a nine million dollar home and
the two of them effectively
apparently fighting over hundreds of
thousands of dollars in legal fees
either somebody's not as rich as he
claims or we've got people who are
willing to risk the whole case over a
tiny slice of what they're worth
Donny Deutsch his words are of course
worth their weight in gold he spoke to
Michael Cohen as recently as today and
has spoken before about this case I
spent some time with Michael today
Michael its words to me he's loyal he
says I'd rather jump out of a building
then turn on Donald Trump I spoke with
Michael Kohn yesterday and his court
about Giuliani was doesn't know what
he's talking about you're Michael
Cohen's friend how's he doing
he's okay I spent him an hour with him
yesterday and I spoke to him today
Brenda FOC friend of : yes
FOC you know it's interesting he and I
have a complicated relationship and that
anybody who watches MS notice how I feel
about Trump and his boss ardent Trumper
yeah and it's been a complicated
friendship because Michael Newman
friends all along we go back 15 years my
friendship with him and you know I've
tried to kind of help him in a way and
always my advice to him is the same as
if he'd been working for any president
that at the end of the day Michael is
gonna have to do what's best for his
family because certainly he does not
have a loyalist on the other side of the
equation do you think today he
understands that more than
previously I think everyday he's
understood it more and more and I think
you know your the way you kind of frame
the issue about the the payments but
that's not what they're fighting I think
Trump has stepped aside from paying
because I think he wants the Assumption
being well none of this is my gig you
know if he's pay if it gets out that
he's paying for it well then he can't
say I have nothing to do with this and
Michael also switch lawyers because his
previous lawyers were very good for the
day to dump and I think he's got the
right lawyers in terms of with it with
the right lawyers for what because
sometimes you want the right lawyers to
fight and sometimes you want the right
lawyers to find a solution either way I
would be hiring a lawyer who knows
what's going on so he hired a guy who
was running the criminal division the
Southern District for a couple years so
either way you can want that lawyer
let's put it down like this most federal
cases don't end in a trial correct they
end in some sort of cooperation correct
that doesn't presuppose that you always
have the goods on everyone else but do
you think Michael Cohen is in a mindset
today you spoke to him where he might
cooperate I'm gonna speak for what I
think not for what Michael you know I
believe at the end of the day Michael
Cohen is gonna do and I've said this
before what you would do what I would do
to do what's best for him and his family
if there was any morsel of because my
early talks he's sorted and there was he
would talk like this is I could never be
that guy I could never turn and I
wondered and I've asked Michael over and
over doesn't Trump get it he knows what
you have no secrets what might he have
he would have the things that he would
have if you were a guy's lawyer right
hand lawyer confidant for 10 and 15
years and from a guy who was doing
business the way Trump was doing
business and everything we know so you
know Trump's articulation of their
relationship where he wasn't really
there was never time I called or spoke
to Donald by anything where Michael Kohn
didn't do a follow-up Michael Cohen
didn't to the bosses upset why don't you
call him and try and make up so it was a
very personal relationship also he was
an extended member of the family so it's
a complete lie and from part to say that
they did not have this very symbiotic
relation do you think that these
much-anticipated
recordings that Michael Cohen was known
to make
we'll make only Michael Cohen
potentially look better could they make
Donald Trump look bad I think they don't
make Donald Trump look good you know
that's my opinion I believe that Michael
Kahn whatever comes out I don't think
Michael Cohen was any of the stuff that
Muller has been looking at or the
Southern District I don't think that
whatever mullet whatever cone did
whatever if he did break the law it was
on behalf of Donald Trump it wasn't on
behalf of Michael Cohen and I think
that's it no no but that is a this is so
strange you hear the sentence that comes
out of your mouth if he broke the law
right Yes or Trump well which is absurd
in himself personally hasn't been
charged with the thing about Michaels oh
he hasn't been charged what he's so
frustrated about you know he's if you
know Michael Michaels a guy he wants to
get in a fight you do know that and he
keeps saying look everybody's piling on
I haven't been charged with anything
I've cooperated with everybody in a way
that other people have not and let's
wait to see what happens and he you know
I pressed them a lot and saying Michael
they've got three million documents
there they're not coming to you for no
reason what do they have well Jay Gould
let me ask you a final question Jay
Goldberg yes who knows the whole
situation and was a Trump's lawyer
before Cohen came on television and said
maybe Cohen was really the fixer to help
deal with real estate mob robbery I
think that's a complete fabricate and I
says Michael and I have talked a lot
I think whatever comes out involving
Michael will have to do with what with
some stormy Daniels things possibly
perhaps Lee there'll be some missing
links to solve the problem with Russia I
don't think it's gonna be a new oh my
god he's working with the Genovese crime
family problems with Russia though you
know I think at the end of the day if
anybody can corroborate it's gonna be
that guy we forget you know it's a
fantasy to think that anything that
Donald Trump did that Michael Cohen
didn't know about and if I was Donald
Trump and this is me speaking not
Michael Cohen I would be very worried
right now
very worried you almost sound like
someone who knows something
I'm just an analytical kind of guy as
you know you know you and I we like to
don't think about things and analyze
things so I you know I everything I know
about the universe and everything I
believe about humanity and I would be I
would be surprised if Michael Cohen
doesn't end up a very pivotal character
in US history
well it's fast any given your access you
are an analyst you're also someone who
if you don't mind me saying is able to
match your glasses to your tie and now
everyone knows that was interesting REI
was getting what it is hooked up tonight
and I was like wow look at that yeah hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our You Tube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
