going now by Bob Vander Plaats president
and CEO of the family leader a
non-profit Christian organization he
recently wrote an op-ed for the New York
Times titled cruelty at the border is
not justice you can see it there Bob
thank you very much for being on with us
it's good to see you it's been a little
while since the campaign days when you
and I talked a little more frequently
let me know good to see you talk with me
about this op-ed that you wrote what
prompted this and who in the
administration have you pushed on this
topic well Haley I think we live we all
know we live in a very divisive time and
it seems like you always have to pick an
either/or and you need to go on one side
or the other and the fact is we just
need leadership here today yeah we need
to execute our laws we want to secure
the borders we want to have a process
for legal immigration we all get that
but we also need to act with Mercy with
compassion these are people these are
families and we need to reflect the best
of the American spirit so the reason for
my op-ed was to basically call on the
Trump administration as well as members
of Congress you all say you want this to
end President Trump says he wants this
to end Melania says she wants us to end
jeff's I mean everybody says I went to
insult get around the table let the
adults get around the table and let's
stop this now we can walk and chew gum
at the same time you have these words
these things that you're saying that you
are clearly very upset about but how do
you turn that anger into action what are
you specifically gonna do because there
are immigration advocates calling on the
faith community of which you're a part
to actually do something will you come
to the White House will you try to call
the president I will definitely try to
be a voice to the president with the
contacts that I have there yeah but
they're part of it is is Hallie is
writing the New York Times op-ed it's
appearing on this program as well as
many other programs of saying listen we
need leadership today we understand we
have an immigration crisis and we need
vast immigration reform in this country
that's part of what's being exposed
today but the same time I think we can
decide that's an ms-13 gang member
that's someone who's in the business of
trafficking or drug dealing or something
else but and at other times we can keep
families together I think senator Ted
Cruz who so let's put more justices so
we can speed up the asylum
process is a good idea president mark
yesterday he doesn't even want more
immigration judges even though that's
what senator Cruz said he wanted and
what his congressional liaison said the
president went back mixed messages I
think what's happening I think this
happened as members of Congress are
trying to give them some viable
solutions so senator Cruz saying put
more judges I think Marco Rubio saying
let's do alternative detentions keep the
family together and they neither deport
them together or allow them to stay
together but keep the family unit
together so before I let you go then
what is your message that you think
would be effective to the Attorney
General because as we just talked about
his church has come out now the United
Methodist Church saying stop this and
this Jeff Sessions has cited the Bible
he has turned to the book as validation
you are saying that actually what we're
doing what the president is doing does
not actually comport with Christian
values so what do you say to Jeff
session he'll try to get him to change
his mind well he'll II would I would say
to attorney general sessions as well as
to president Trump is you will never be
right when you do what is wrong and
you'll never be wrong when you do what
is right and this is clearly wrong
scripture also says to seek justice and
that's what we're doing with legal
immigration but also to love mercy
meaning implement it execute it with
some common sense compassion approach
and to walk humbly with your God I think
that would be a very good guiding
principle for this time of what we're
seeing at the border very very quickly
the president retweeted Pastor Scott
today who said hashtag it's all politics
related to this do you agree that this
is all politics you know what I think
we're cease we're seeing the worst of
Washington I think what we're seeing is
the negotiation and kids are caught in
the middle and I think has a potential
to be a negative ripple effect for if
it's the Democrats are trying to expose
Trump or if it's President Trump trying
to say I want I want my wall and I want
funding for the wall we cannot let the
worst of Washington keep these kids
hostage and separate families thank you
for checking out our youtube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
