he'd let me start with you here what do
we know about this this executive order
that the president has indicated he is
going to sign what I can tell you Craig
is what I'm told by administration
officials is in the draft that they
believe the president will sign and as I
say that just a caveat that sometimes
before these things are signed there can
be last-minute changes but the spirit of
it is to end the separation of families
at the border through a couple of ways
number one I'm told that this will
happen immediately that that you and
Jacob and the people that on the border
may see a change here immediately
now that doesn't include the children
who have already been separated they're
gonna have to figure out how to reunite
them but in terms of how this goes
forward people arrested for illegally
crossing the border parents with their
children will continue to be charged
with a crime but what I'm told is they
have found a way to do that without
triggering a law that says when the
parents are taken by the marshals the
child is considered an unaccompanied
minor and has to be taken out of
immigration custody and turned over to
HHS so that will end but the parents
will still be charged with the crime so
it doesn't end the so-called
zero-tolerance policy number two the
parents will be held in detention with
their children now of course a
long-standing federal court decree says
that you can't hold a child in
immigration custody for roughly twenty
days it's not a hard and fast deadline
but the government will I think push up
against that deadline try to perhaps you
know see how flexible it is while at the
same time saying to Congress you know
you have a short time to fix this and in
the meantime those families that are in
detention with children instead of now
being at the end of the line for
immigration will move to the front of
the line so that the immigration
hearings will happen faster than to them
I don't think for most of them they'll
be within 20 days but they'll certainly
be faster than they would be otherwise
so the combination of all those things
will end the practice of taking children
away from their families when they cry
the border Craig Peter are your sources
giving you any sort of indication
regarding a timetable I mean is this is
this imminent yes I think yeah I think
the president's gonna sign it perhaps
within the hour maybe around two o'clock
and then he's off to I think Minnesota
but what I am told is that it the the
way it's worded it says this takes
effect immediately now immediately is a
relative thing in the federal government
you've got a lot of moving parts here
but they will be told about this and
told to move on it smartly hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
