let me play something there's the phrase
do it for the culture yes we're gonna
look at you looking at this yes let's
play this right now you're doing
something for the culture I'm doing that
forward
once and for all tell us what does that
mean do it for the culture means well
nothing nothing in essence originally
originally it was not doing it because
you wanted to be famous or doing it for
money but I do this for for the
forwarding the art of hip hop set it
ameno what we prepared
hang on you mentioned the way pretension
of hip hop has always been an extension
of the voice of not only the black
nationalist movement but also the
community of the greater community of
street culture right whether you were
black or Jewish or Puerto Rican in New
York City this was youth culture
creating new things out of things that
already existed right not sampling and
records and chopping records so you were
creating something new out of something
that was already there right that was
what people were trying to do so I think
that is in essence what it started it
but who said I do it for my culture he
meant that he meant that now do it for
the culture it's just throwing it just
not whatever your culture is gonna be
any culture there could be strip club
culture that could be shopping culture
that could be sneaker oh they have
sneaker culture right big sneaker
culture well it's funny because you
mentioned our producer Samantha who
worked hard on getting this all together
when we put that montage together I was
not expecting your answer to be nothing
I mean so much but I will have overused
it like we've overused a lot of things
all I want to say is we love having you
here thanks for being generous with your
time that's the most valuable commodity
doing it doing it for the news we do it
for the news and good luck at Summer Jam
Thank You Sunday we do it we do it for
the ticket sales we do it for the
revenue we hope for the ticket sales
yeah there's a lot done for the culture
there it is thank you guys thanks man
wish I made extra money doing anything
well that's your phone call your agent
hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
