my next two guests they've seen these
shelters Manny Fernandez who's the
Houston bureau chief the New York Times
also with me Texas State Representative
Mary Gonzalez her district includes the
thoth so-called tent city in torneo
Texas at the point port of entry manny
you've been inside these shelters talk
me through the conditions sure I visited
the Walmart shelter in Brownsville last
week giant huge facility pretty loud a
lot of kids imagine you know a cafeteria
of school cafeteria right before lunch
but they spent a lot of money
refurbishing that that shelter bedrooms
barber shop cafeteria murals on the
walls medical rooms there were
registered nurses walking around in
scrubs tens of millions of dollars Mary
talked me through what you've toured in
your area because when you think about
the money being spent for these tent
cities following Trump's zero-tolerance
policy I often think imagine if that
money went to your district exactly my
point
so we heard that this contract in my
district is a ten million dollar 30-day
contract and at one of the poorest city
towns in all of Texas this town has had
arsenic in their water for decades many
people don't have wastewater
infrastructure so what I'm fighting for
is people for the ability to flush their
toilet no gas no stormwater
infrastructure so ten million dollars
for 30 days could have truly transformed
my district and so my question is what
other priorities are we are is our
country's priority not having clean
water and instead putting kids in tents
in my district so what are your
constituents say because the argument
that these margins are hurting Americans
Americans in your district who have
arsenic in their water might say I'm
already being hurt support me not miss
exactly I think that it I think my
constituents are saying two things one I
do have constituents who called and said
I know the tents are for the young kids
but after that are they going to come
after us I think that the tensity
on the border really creates a lot of
fear and the second thing is is we all
know specifically in my district that
this is a a created problem it is a
consequence of a zero tolerance family
separation policy that does not need to
exist and so the questions are are why
are we doing this really okay Manny I
gotta talk about the girls because the
government really they have not released
any images of girls or toddlers we're
looking for them but you tweeted this a
photo of a toddler that's about 12
months old that's a year old in a
shelter in Brownsville and I know we
haven't verified this photo but talk me
through what's happening here sure it is
a real photo it was supplied to me by
the person who took it it's a person I
trust it wasn't a random stranger at all
someone I trust was in that shelter in
Brownsville and took that photo and gave
me that photo what you're seeing is a
shelter in Brownsville where there are
about 80 children many of them young
girls and many of them infants and
toddlers and here you have a little girl
who's about 1 years old you know it is
clean you see the booties on their on
their shoes there is that concern but a
lot of a lot of the people that visit
these shelters they come away not
talking about the conditions that come
away talking about the situation and
it's the situation and the Trump policy
that is really sparked the outrage not
as much the conditions we just continue
to ask the question why ethically and
politically financially why do this I
want to bring in Cal Perry Cal is
outside the tent city Antonio Texas Cal
tell us what you see there in my few
days here I've been desperate to get
inside a center and have no opportunity
to do so we are still desperate to get
inside this tent city I'm gonna have
Kerry push and you're gonna see security
now they were just checking us out this
is the best angle that we have been able
to find we came down a dirt county road
we were initially moved back by the
customs and border police
then the Sheriff's Office stepped in and
allowed us to do this live shot it
speaks to the fact that Stephanie I do
not think there was a plan to deal with
the influx of the unaccompanied minors
we believe there's somewhere around 200
of them inside this tent city that
you're looking at right now but again
we're dealing with very sketchy
information here because we are not
being allowed in as you know we report
on political strife around the world
this is a first am I saying to you the
United States government is not telling
us what's going on inside this tent city
one more thing I want to add Stephanie
the weather very different where we are
as opposed to where you are we're some
800 miles away it's going to be 105 to
110 degrees here today very concerning
obviously if you're in one of these
tents Mary you know these tent cities
and Texas is a red state again I ask you
the question why do we have this tent
city we have the tent city because
there's an overflow of kids and the
licensed facilities that we have now in
Texas there are over 5,000 kids kids
that are in the licensed facilities so
what they ended up doing is with the
overflow the 16 and 17 year old boys
removed the third neon when I went in we
snuck in actually because we didn't have
permission either we saw that there were
there were tents 20 kids per tent thank
God they have air-conditioning but
that's not the point the point is tents
are dehumanizing the human being so
children to kids and so it is just
unfathomable that we'd rather separate
for example we heard the story of a
ten-year-old Down syndrome a girl from
her family and put boys in tents just to
create a policy and I will say this I
think it is intentional that that people
are not allowed in why else would we not
take it press before and say hey press
yeah look at what's happening here and
so I think there's an attempt to create
more chaos to push a political agenda
alright let's take the chaos out let's
take the politics out let's make sure
these children are safe before we go
again I just want to implore First Lady
Melania Trump first starter Ivanka Trump
come down here if I can't if we can't
see the cities maybe you can I know
dedicated mothers care and we've got to
stick together
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up-to-date
the videos were putting out you can
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
