it is now impossible to tell the
difference between Donald Trump and John
Kelly they are only a few years apart in
age and they both grew up in
northeastern urban racist neighborhoods
Donald Trump in Queens in New York City
John Kelly in Brighton in Boston they
both grew up in what was still the
Neanderthal Age of America's treatment
of women they both grew up in a country
where you could still be murdered for
being a black person trying to register
to vote or being a white person trying
to help a black person trying to
register to vote and there is no
evidence that Donald Trump or John Kelly
ever objected to any of that there is no
evidence that they ever protested
anything about the world they were born
into and today thanks to BuzzFeed's
Freedom of Information Act request we
now see John Kelly's email about senator
Elizabeth Warren in the early days the
Trump administration in which he tells
one of his assistants that senator
Elizabeth Warren is and quote impolite
arrogant woman and quote because she
calls John Kelly when he was Secretary
of Homeland Security and complained to
him that the Trump administration was
illegally not following the court orders
that federal judges in Massachusetts and
New York issued to block the Trump
Muslim ban that was unconstitutional and
illegally implemented John Kelly knew
with confidence that he could tell the
man working for him that Elizabeth
Warren was an impolite arrogant woman
and that man would understand exactly
what he meant because that man was Kevin
Carroll an Irish American with the same
views of women that John Kelly and
Donald Trump have John Kelly and Kevin
Carroll's Irish ancestors came to this
country in poverty and starving and were
welcomed in places like the port of
Boston which Elizabeth Warren was
fighting to preserve as an entry point
for deserving immigrants but their Irish
heritage had no effect on John Kelly and
Kevin Carroll's view of the immigrants
who were trying to enter in those same
places where their ancestors entered
John Kelly is the White House official
whose public conduct is as despicable as
Donald Trump's not as freak
l√©a despicable but despicable enough he
is the man who called an
african-american congresswoman an empty
barrel and accused her of lying and when
that was instantly proven false when
John Kelly was instantly proved to be V
liar about congresswoman Frederica
Wilson John Kelly refused to apologize
he held that ground that the old racist
neighborhood that he grew up in would
have been so proud of John Kelly's old
neighborhood has changed a lot since he
lived there it is now integrated it has
a lot less racism than it used to but we
don't know how much John Kelly has
changed if at all since he lived there
when John Kelly was exposed to the world
as a liar about an african-american
congresswoman of course he wouldn't
apologize he wouldn't apologize to an
african-american woman for anything
including lying about her and calling
her a dehumanizing term and so there is
no real news in John Kelly's women
problem he is the man who told the lie
that women were held sacred when he was
growing up and he knew that was a lie
when he said it and he knew it was a lie
when he was a child and experienced the
truth he saw the way women were actually
held down in those days in so many ways
not just in his neighborhood but in the
entire country denied employment simply
because they were women entire
categories of employment were shut off
to women when John Kelly tells the lie
that they were held sacred Kevin Carroll
the apparently soulless flunky who
received John Kelly's email about
Elizabeth Warren being an impolite
arrogant woman replied too bad Senate
Majority Leader McConnell couldn't order
her to be quiet again an exclamation
point
Warren is running for president so early
trying too hard and chasing bad pitches
that email is from a flunky who works
for Donald Trump who started running for
re-election for president and
fundraising for re-election the day
after inauguration order her to be quiet
again that's what John Kelly's flunky
wanted Mitch McConnell to do
to Elizabeth Warren not realizing that
when rich McConnell tried to do that to
Elizabeth Warren on the Senate floor he
made Elizabeth Warren a political folk
hero for anyone who does not worship at
the altar of Trump I call the senator to
order under the provisions of rule 19
mr. president senator from Massachusetts
mr. president I am surprised that the
words of Coretta Scott King are not
suitable for debate in the United States
Senate I ask leave of the Senate to
continue my remarks is there objection
action is heard the senator will take
her seat and here is how the Cowardly
Lion of the Senate Mitch McConnell later
described at that moment she was warned
she was given an explanation
nevertheless she persisted and with that
nevertheless she persisted became a
unifying cry for Elizabeth Warren and
against Mitch McConnell and against
Donald Trump and against the likes of
his flunkies and everyone else who
thinks that a woman raising her voice
for justice for immigrants is an
impolite arrogant woman John Kelly had
many Trump team flunkies working for him
at the Department of Homeland Security
and he has many Trump team flunkies
working around him in the White House
now but John Kelly surely is Donald
Trump's flunky in chief olivia newsy
reports that in the middle of an oval
office interview with Donald Trump Trump
turned to John Kelly and said general
what do you think of the president he
asked he's a great president Kelly said
John Kelly is Donald Trump
here is another look at John Kelly lying
about a woman and a congresswoman stood
up and in the long tradition of empty
barrels making the most noise stood up
there and all of that and talked about
how she was instrumental in getting the
funding for that building even for
someone that is that empty of barrel we
were stunned every word of that was a
lie
Aisha moody Mills and Ruth Marcus are
back with us and Aisha I want to get
your reaction to what we discover in
these emails now which I have to say
didn't come as a surprise that the
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly
really really horrified that Elizabeth
Warren was concerned about the legality
of how things were working in the port
of Boston Laurence thank you so much for
just laying that out the way that you
did I wish that we were all surprised
but we're not the reality is is that
this is just more of the same of trumps
ilk and the people that he surrounds
himself with the misogyny is so just
disgusting coming out of this
administration and I'm not really sure
what they think their strategy is do
they really think that they're going to
win these midterms exclusively with
white men of a certain generation
because they're not and and what's at
least exciting to come of this kind of
rhetoric is that we're seeing women push
back more and more and more women are
standing up and leaving the Republican
Party first of all and we're seeing more
women run for office that ever before in
fact running for Congress right now
there's more women and more people of
color running than white men and so I
think that you know they're really
resisting something but what they're
gonna find is that their power is really
gonna slip out from under them with this
kind of talking as kind of rhetoric it's
really just unfortunate Ruth Marcus your
reaction to this well it's very clear
that John Kelly much like the president
that he works for does not like women
who pipe up and really has a barn roof I
think I think the word you were looking
for there is speak he doesn't know their
place
right and speak and and he doesn't like
them as Senator McConnell doesn't like
them when they persist in speaking of
this correct I think it's I think it's
also really important for us to remember
that it's not just that what women say
or don't say that is problematic about
the chief of staff it's the way he acted
when somebody who worked for him and the
president and extremely sensitive
position was incredibly accused of
including with photographs of abusing
women and he dismissed that and ignored
it and described the Rob Porter the
staff secretary who had beaten his wives
as a fine person who was being unduly
persecuted so it's not just his snippy
language about women it's his failure to
care about women when they're abused
plants his written words exactly at the
time and these were written so he
thought about it Rob Porter is a man of
true integrity and honor that was his
reaction to a violence against women
that Rob Porter had engaged in with both
of his former wives Ayesha I wanted to
sort of listen to what Elizabeth
Lawrence said back in 2017 talking about
this whole moment on the Senate floor
that Kevin Carroll the the flunky there
and the Homeland Security Department was
so thrilled by ask me so how did you
feel about that in so on I always say
this wasn't about me this is about tens
of millions of women who are tired of
being told to sit down and be quiet
and I should seems to me that John Kelly
and Kevin Carroll and Donald Trump have
no comprehension of any of those women
no they don't and you would wonder if
they have mothers if they have daughters
I mean I think that they completely
ignored the women's March right and just
thought that that was just a coup and
they're completely ignoring all of the
women who are standing up in the United
States Senate saying hold on we're gonna
be heard and they're completely ignoring
them
I mean look here here's is the reality
is that we keep seeing time and time and
time again Donald Trump and his friends
and the people that he surrounds himself
with and and in the White House
show us who they really are and they
don't think that women should speak they
don't think that women should step out
of line they think that we should know
our place and that's something that you
know it frustrated me when so many women
actually voted for him but I think we're
seeing all those women start to peel off
especially in the districts that matter
in these midterms in the house so I'm
hoping that they keep running their
mouths that they keep saying foolish
things and that we keep bringing into
light because that's gonna keep women
from actually supporting them and when
we see the the private email traffic
that that they think is private and they
foolishly believe they don't understand
that it's a government record it's going
to become public someday these people
like Kevin Carroll these people who are
deep inside the middle of the Trump
bureaucracy we see there that that
attitude the reason I really want to
isolate him even as much as John Kelly
is that that's the kind of brain that's
all over the Trump administration names
we don't even know yeah I think none of
us have gotten the message that if we
put it in email and the especially if we
put something stupid in email I'm sure I
never have that the likelihood is
greater that it will come out and you
all need to be careful but people expose
themselves it's very hard to hide that
I'm sure that in private conversations
it's even more overt but it's a little
it's a glimpse it's a we saw that
glimpse from Senator McConnell we see it
overtly from the president all the time
when somebody talks about
senator Warren as Pocahontas a different
level of offensiveness and and we see it
in these emails from the chief of staff
and his assistant you know the notion
that it's too bad that the majority
leader couldn't get her to quiet down
and shut up
really and their tone deafness they
still didn't understand how that
actually worked very well for Elizabeth
Warren and not for Mitch McConnell they
still didn't get it Ruth Marcus Aisha
moody Mills thank you both very much for
joining us not really appreciate thanks
for checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
