us you're working with these migrants
you have been inside the detention
centers and you said this whole process
is much worse than people understand
help help me yeah it's ridiculous it's
so sad yesterday I was talking to
mothers and fathers and I looked them in
their eyes and I could see the
desperation they're just sad and it
makes me sad I had kids my three kids
goodbye in the morning and then 10
minutes later I was talking to these
parents who were asking me where is my
child and I did not have an answer for
them why are there no answers I mean the
former head of ice said some migrant
families might never be reunited with
their children and these are not parents
who hurt or abused their children and
they're certainly not parents who came
here with the idea to put their children
up for adoption they came with their
children to give them a better life
right in the common question is why
would you come if this is supposed to be
a deterrent it's not if you're fleeing
from your country and your child is
going to get killed or your child is
going to get raped you're going to do
anything possible to try to get them out
of there and that includes coming to the
United States of America and this is
what we're doing to them are those the
stories that families are telling you
because there's this narrative out there
that listen they just want to live here
in great America where we have good
schools and we've got a target but
that's not what they're coming for no
not at all that's not what I'm hearing
and that's not why I would I personally
would risk my child's life for that
these people are telling us that they
were about to get killed that they've
been harassed a lot of violence going on
in their regions and that's why they're
fleeing their countries this is not the
way we should be treating other human
beings so is it true that some might
never be reunited with their kids why it
could happen if people are deported they
could be deported without their kids or
if a child is reunified with a family
member prior to the parent going through
their immigration proceedings they may
get lost in the shuffle it's ridiculous
it's sad
so that exact point I want you to come
in here Daniel because there's a mom a
mom and Guatemala who is now suing the
Trump administration after she was
separated from her seven-year-old son
please listen don't it look at your
Dona es que medium-well manga Mineo lo
más pronto que se puede porque yo para
la salida mi país para value Futurama :
what I'm asking for is just to have my
son back that's the reason I came here
was to save my son's life I just want
him to be home to take care of him why
the mother says that immigration
officials will not tell her where her
son is even though she's been released
from custody what's going on here Daniel
well I think we need to take a little
bit of a step back because and
understand what this zero-tolerance
policy is Chris Hayes here on MSNBC has
done a great job of digging into this
and what he has found is that over 90%
of the separations result from criminal
prosecutions that is completely separate
from asylum immigration court
deportation and if you are arrested in
this country for any crime you are
separated from your family because
criminal jails do not have the capacity
to deal with families and so what this
zero-tolerance policy really is is a new
initiative to enforce what is a
misdemeanor and will likely only end up
in a sentence of deportation which is
similar to what would happen in
immigration court but that ultimately
results in these families being
separated then as you go through the the
system and the process kids can be lost
from their parents as particularly when
we're talking about thousands of people
and particularly when we're talking
about an administration that was not at
all prepared for this so the
administrative burden and the
bureaucracy is tremendous and so
children can easily get lost but for the
president to claim that the only fix is
legislative when over 90% of the
resulting separations are from criminal
prosecutions by the Department of
Justice which is not at all related to
the legislative branch is completely
disingenuous and what it is really
revealing is that he is trying to hold
Congress hostage to pass legislation for
his immigration
so Thank You Daniel it is untrue when
you say the devil is in the details the
details or where the truth lies the
devil is in misinformation that's being
spread so Carlos what's in store for you
thus far a zero tolerance isn't going
away it's not gonna go away until
something happens and I'll tell you why
vodka Trump won't come because she can't
stand to stare these people and in their
eyes and look in their eyes if she did
what would she see she'll see sadness
you'll see desperation she'll see people
whose children have been ripped away
from them and it's even talking about it
right now it's so emotional because I
could never imagine that happen to
anyone
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
