we get reports now from both sides of
the us-mexico border and s NBC's
Stephanie ruhle is in McAllen Texas for
us an NBC News correspondent Gabe
Gutierrez is just across the border from
Texas in Matamoros Mexico Stephanie
we'll begin with you you're looking at
how this policy is playing with
evangelicals a group that has long stood
behind and supported President Trump
were they saying about this yeah they're
somewhat split Willy there is a new
Quinnipiac poll that says 60% 60% of
Americans app they opposed the child
separation policy that sounds logical
but 55 percent of Republicans they
support it and within that 55 percent
you still have a large majority of
evangelicals I know you pointed it out a
moment ago Franklin Graham who has said
he opposes this and some other
evangelicals but for the most part they
stand with the president because they
believe his ideology supports their
overall values and that's what's
stunning because I just want you to take
a listen specifically to those who are
right here in this community in McAllen
listen blind faith is how you have to
trust the Lord we have to put our faith
in here but the Lord and elected
officials are two different things yes
but they're ministers of God for
righteous I don't believe any person is
in any office that God has not has not
allowed it to be their pastor bill
Sutton Willie's Trinity Baptist Church
in McAllen Texas so some say that if you
look at these detention centers you must
not care about these kids well I do care
about these kids I just don't know what
to do but I've got to put my trust
somewhere I can't solve it and so I'm
trying to believe that the government
will do that which is right because
their ministers have gone for
righteousness sake Mike Jones an
evangelical Christian from North
Carolina questions whether the jarring
images of children at detention centers
are even real I don't believe it I think
it's all a big lie like I said I don't
think that that's happening I don't
think that the people who are so-called
being separated or what the news is
betraying them to be also in North
Carolina Antioch Baptist Church pastor
Kenneth pardhu places the blame squarely
on the parents who
upset with it's the parents the parents
who bring their children to the border
to violate the law but other prominent
Christians are publicly blaming the
administration more than 600 leaders and
members of the United Methodist Church
signed a formal complaint against
Attorney General Jeff Sessions a member
of their church who quoted the Bible to
defend the immigration policy accusing
him among others of child abuse an
evangelical Franklin Graham's son of the
late Reverend Billy Graham didn't mince
words on the Christian Broadcasting
Network I think it's disgraceful it's
terrible to see families ripped apart
and I don't support that one bit and and
I blame the politicians for the last
twenty thirty years that have allowed
this to escalate to the point where it
is today but pastor Sutton says none of
them speak for him or anyone else
every Baptist Church is autonomous and
independent but for these evangelical
Christians there's no question about
standing by a president championing
their ideology what happened was
millions and millions of people all seem
to wake up at the same time and they
begin to have a sense of nationalism out
of that awakening Donald Trump said all
the things that the people wanted to
hear
he believed him and he's true he's
honest
Lily I just want to share this one point
with you that that last pastor that I
spoke to you would think here in McAllen
he would be entrenched in this migrant
crisis he wasn't exactly up to speed and
it's not because he's ill informed
because here in McAllen right in the
epicenter Willie it's not a crisis it's
an issue I thought I was going to come
down here and see people in the streets
and it would be chaotic sort of this
idea that migrants are flooding in it's
just not the case it's definitely an
issue this is a border area they need to
be careful of their relationship with
Mexico they care about border security
but every store I walk by in almost
every window there's a Help Wanted sign
the immigration issue is there are more
jobs than there are people and and the
more people I talk to on the ground here
they're saying we've got to find a
solution so I just want to impress upon
people at home here in McAllen where
it's actually happening there are not
migrants that have over run this town
there are not criminals who have stolen
jobs there are people that are trying to
figure out the right path for
immigration look it's very different
than what you're hearing yeah that's
really important context and so
interesting stuff to hear those pastors
put it it put it in a context of
politicians being agents of God
therefore I implicitly trust them to do
what is right and therefore I implicitly
trust that the decisions they're making
specifically on this issue now are
correct as we pointed out a moment ago
Pope Francis that disagrees with that
assessment he calls the policy immoral
well I mean to your exact point it was
that Baptist pastor when he kept talking
about morality I was saying you know I
brought up President Trump and his
history and the fact that he lies and he
stopped me and said but in the end God
wanted him to be President and it's
God's will and we have to give the
president his pet the path and he felt
like many others you don't criticize God
you shouldn't criticize our leaders so
for someone like me sitting across I was
shocked to hear that
but I certainly listened so revealing
Stephanie ruhle thanks so much we'll let
you go and get ready for your show one
point you for these to the point that
that is that is pretty hypocritical so
these pastors who talk so much about the
most important thing is pro-life it's
stunning that they're willing to say
that about on more children but they're
not willing to consider these children
who are being torn from their mothers
and have no idea when they'll see them
again when you think about the welfare
of a child
that should possibly never begin or end
as you pointed out in your piece as well
though there are many pastors and many
religious leaders who are coming out
against this policy step we'll see in
just a few minutes of course at the top
of the hour at 9 o'clock thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
