from administration's policy which is
now resulting in child internment camps
that's what I said
child internment camps we all should be
able to agree that in the United States
of America
we will not intentionally separate
children from their parents we will not
do that we are better than that we are
so much better we should be able to
agree that we will not keep kids in
child internment camps indefinitely and
hidden away from public view what
country is that this is a United States
of America that was ranking member of
the House Oversight and Government
Reform Committee during a hearing on the
inspector general's report on the FBI's
handling of the Hillary Clinton email
investigation in congressman Elijah
Cummings of Maryland joins us now thank
you so much for being on this morning it
is great to see you great to hear your
voice yesterday and what you said tell
us what's going on on Capitol Hill I
think I think we are being heard but we
certainly are being ignored I think
basically what President Trump has done
is he's decided that he is going to ram
this policy and by the way it is his
policy mm-hmm down the throats of the
American people and basically what he'll
do is determined it off and use the old
rope-a-dope until people get tired and
they won't talk about it anymore and
then he will have his way but this is a
we're going down a slippery slope
mica the question is is where does all
of this end when you've got tyler's
sitting around in a room crying for
their mother or their
and you've got tent cities being built
by the way which are extremely expensive
and there are people benefiting from
this corporations nonprofits benefiting
big-time oh and and and children
literally being used as hostages really
for sort of president Trump can have his
way and I would appeal to the president
let me just say this to the president
mr. president when I met with you you
shall go I said I did say that you could
be a great president but I also said
that you could be a great president
only if you represented all the people
only if you lifted up all of their lives
and make their lives better this does
not make their lives better nor does it
make our country better because what is
happening now is these children let me
think about it Mika mm-hmm these
children will grow up many of them angry
at the United States of America I tell
myself that the most of the problems
that we deal with in my office started
when people were little children and so
that the pediatricians they will tell
you the damage that be that are being
done to these children all we're doing
is creating a horrible situation you
cannot separate kids from their parents
period so I'm I'm wondering what you
would say to members of the media who
are supportive of this policy who say
things like this and they believe it and
they want people to know these kids have
clean nice facility they have recreation
they have tutoring they're treated as
well as we can
under the circumstances and they have
entertainment as well I would say to
them they need to talk to child
psychiatrists like I have and talk to
pediatricians who will tell you that
this is very very traumatic for children
big time but more significantly children
need
their parents they need them I mean I
would ask them to look into the eyes of
their own children and imagine somebody
coming and snatching their child away
from them they would go through all
kinds of conniptions trying to make sure
that they got their child back
now I understand something that's very
significant here 18 members of the House
has asked the extra Goudy our chairman
of our Oversight Committee to help us
get more information about what is going
on with these children
in other words questions like the ones
that you all have been posing this
morning
if a child is taken away will they how
do we track the child to the to the
parents how long will this last where
are our children what is this costing
why are taxpayer dollars being used to
do something that most Americans would
find just obnoxious and and so so we so
again what I would say to them is since
secretary the Attorney General likes to
quote quote the Bible yeah do unto
others as you would have them do unto
you
come on now well I think the children
are given numbers like criminals I guess
but the one thing I'll ask us to follow
up and then and then Willie's going to
jump in the administration has also
described these cages as walls made of
wires and also members of the media have
been pushing that forward that we're
exaggerating with these parallels of
concentration camps and that we're
exaggerating that these walls are just
made of wires well well I would say you
well I would say that why are you hiding
them why are you hiding them from the
press why do we have correspondents
going all the way down there having to
stand outside of facilities unable to
get in that's
something this is it I mean this is let
me tell you something I said when
President Trump was elected this is a
fight for the soul of our democracy and
I'm telling you these kinds of actions
just cut away at the very fabric of our
democracy we go all around the world
spending billions of dollars trying to
tell people how to run their lives and
to be democratic and now look at us we
are no longer the shining example of
what is right and so again I would
appeal to the president listen to your
wife listen to your daughter listen to
us and you mr. president can deal with
this with a single stroke of the pen and
you know it and stop putting it on the
Democrats please I mean we don't have
time for that and by the way while all
this is going on their children
literally crying and very up saying it's
not exaggerated and if it is exaggerated
let let let let the media come into all
of these facilities and let's say and
then the other thing is I was about to
say is that the Republicans have not
lift one finger to help us try to find
out this information that we're looking
for and so they become aiders and
abetters and so hopefully we will get
passes but but I would say to America
then I add speaking to Americans don't
let this happen don't happen and because
at the rate we're going your children
will not even know a democracy they will
not even be able to identify with this
country because the democracy will be so
watered down
we're obvious minutes willie geist the
president hasn't shown any willingness
to budge as you've heard in fact he's
dug in harder on this policy Steve
Bannon said in an interview with The
Associated Press yesterday quote this is
why America elected him this is not
doubling down it is tripling down as you
know well there are a couple of bills
floating through the house right now
Republican bills it appears many
Republicans disagree with this policy
and are willing to do something about it
but then you had Chuck Schumer come out
yesterday and say quote legislation is
not the way to go this is up to the
president shouldn't
murk rats be more open to a legislative
fix if it looks like the president won't
move on it I think that we should do
everything in our power I think we
should be first of all not taking the
weight off of the president as he goes
around and tries to blame everybody but
himself so we need to put the pressure
there and but I think if they are
legislative fixes we ought to try them
but usually what what has been asked is
for to address these issues you got to
pay a high price right like paying
billions and billions of dollars for a
wall that the president said would be
paid for by the Mexicans or curtailing
immigrant opportunities of becoming
citizens and coming to our country
tremendously I mean you gotta you gotta
figure out what the trade-offs are but
we wouldn't we shouldn't even be in a
position where we have to talk about
trade-offs because of what we're dealing
with our moral issues this is moral and
you know the thing Willie that I I'm
concerned about is the damage that is
being done by President Trump and I'm
sad to say this to correct the damage
what would happen during my lifetime
so can I think people need to understand
that okay so Congressman Paul Ryan
you've known him quite a while Speaker
of the House yeah there's your opinions
of him changed no as a matter of fact I
did not have a great opinion from him at
all you got to remember we've been
trying to get Paul Ryan to bring a
voting rights bill to the Florida House
and he won't do it and that goes to
fundamental rights of American people
the rights of my mother fought for my
father fought for and my mother on her
dying bed talked about the fact that she
hated the idea that she saw her people
going back was the Ryan I have not I've
not been that impressed I've not been
impressed when he could have stood up to
this president he didn't and so now he's
the one his way out and now he's talking
a little bit of a slop and you know
the other thing it bothers me when
people like Ryan and even my good friend
trey Gowdy says something that that you
know it's reasonable depresses all oh oh
this is wonderful
but that's what they're supposed to do I
mean come on now we have moved to a new
sense of normal and that's why the media
I tell it for every time I meet with the
press I tell them you have got to get
this right because people will look at
us a two hundred years from now and say
what did you do did you did you stand by
and say nothing
how did Hitler get all the power that he
got did people just stand by and say
nothing and do nothing last but not
least let me say this that Martin Luther
King in one of his speeches said
something that I love he said quite
often what happens is that silence
becomes a betrayal silence becomes
betrayal so I would say to the American
people we cannot be silent this is not
the moment for silence do not be silent
do whatever you have to do and again we
again we need to approach this from
every single every single way we can and
I'm sure I just believe and and that we
will get through this but it's going to
be tough times silence is betrayal and
Elijah Cummings thank you so much it is
so great to hear your voice on this this
morning we appreciate it
thank you go ahead so does all of this
come down to base politics the AP
reports that the President sees this
immigration fight as a winning culture
war issue we'll dig into that Plus Scott
Pruett Betsy DeVos Jeff Sessions besides
being in Trump's cabinet they have
something else in common they were
recommended by the Heritage Foundation
we have new reporting on how the
conservative think tank is helping staff
the Trump administration next on Morning
Joe thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and in
n-b-c thanks so much for watching
