we've been asking the question where are
the girls and where are the babies
apparently one has been located the
houston bureau chief for the New York
Times just tweeted this image with the
caption this toddler is about 12 months
old she was separated from relatives as
part of the Trump administration's
family separation policy she is being
held at a Brownsville shelter I did not
take the photo it was supplied to me it
looks like maybe somebody used a phone
to snap a picture so you see a child
like that Casey hunt alone in a shelter
around other toddlers are they allowed
to pick up this child we've heard
reports about exactly how much comfort
these children can get when they are
being held but a child as young as 12
months old separated from their family
how exactly do politicians find a way
around this because every moment that
goes by their views or lack of views on
this it's recorded in history I mean
it's I you know I I don't even know what
to say it's incredibly it's so hard to
see this picture I mean you can see the
there's the feet of an adult bear to the
left that are it's they're clothed and
kind of you know what you might see in a
hospital so clearly there's there's
concern about the health and safety of
the child I mean people that I've spoken
to about that policy argue that it's in
place because they want these children
to be protected they want to prevent
abuse but for for children that are this
young the idea that you couldn't comfort
them is absolutely heartbreaking and you
know I I had retweeted that picture and
somebody wrote back to me with a
statement from the state of Michigan
from June 19th I've lost track of what
the date is but Michigan is a place that
historically has taken in a lot of
refugees there a lot of refugee
communities and so they have played a
significant role in helping with
unaccompanied minors in their foster
care system and and they say the
executive director of the Michigan
Department of Civil Rights says
this week I've been in touch with
various agencies and organizations
working with these vulnerable children
we have received reports that are very
concerned that the children arriving
here are much younger than those who
have been transported here in the past
some of the children are infants as
young as three months of age and they
are completely unable to advocate for
themselves I am take very seriously our
responsibility to see to the civil
rights of every person in this state he
says they're going to monitor the
situation
but while the AAP is reported obviously
on these shelters it sounds as though
this is you know occurring perhaps
across the country as we report all of
this out the problem manufactured for
the base it appears some would say but
that child is one of the first toddlers
we've seen
we'll keep asking the question where are
the girls where the toddlers why is this
happening we'll be right back thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
