welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios a.m.
this morning national political reporter
for Axios at Jonathan Swan Jonathan good
morning to you talk to us about Axios is
one big thing well as usual there's a
two narratives going on with Donald
Trump there's the public on Twitter
where he's with the family separation
crisis where he looks completely
unapologetic and brazen doubling down
tripling down but last night when he met
with House Republicans according to
sources in the room he did reveal that
he feels the political pressure from
this issue in a way that he's not
revealing publicly he talked about how
his daughter Ivanka had shown him the
images and they were bad or talk to him
about the images that was bad he talked
about how it was nasty they had to fix
it and in that setting he definitely
didn't project the image of someone who
thought that this particular issue was a
political winner which had been what you
could have gleaned if you've been
reading his Twitter feed that's pretty
interesting point he brought up about
Ivanka because I want to ask you about
that I know that axis is reporting the
president's daughter Ivanka has in fact
been very vocal about the families as
you mentioned he brought it up in his
meeting with Republicans yesterday tell
us more about that is her voice actually
going to make a difference is she
someone that he is going to listen to
and actually take into consideration as
he makes his next steps well to be clear
I mean the funny when this stuff comes
out people say oh it's Ivanka you know
log-rolling trying to look like a
liberal hero this I have neither spoken
to Ivanka nor anyone close to her the
first we learned of this was from
sources in the room last night
Trump himself brought this up it doesn't
surprise me she she does she does do
this on just about every issue where you
know she feels passionate about it she's
done it on you know the Syria strikes
last year climate change look will work
depends what you define work as will he
climb down from his policy and make an
administrative decision to change the
family separation policy I've seen no
evidence
that he's going to do that he's done
what he always does which is get a
grenade roll it into the room and ask
Congress to deal with it so you don't
see any reporting to indicate that the
president is going to cave and sign a
more narrow immigration bill that would
really just address his detention
centers and these separations well
that's a different question no he could
very well sign something if Congress
produces something I'm saying I don't
see any indication 11 instead he is
going to order jeff Sessions to change
their policy remember this is their
discretion they decided to enforce this
zero tolerance policy is Trump going to
come out tomorrow say you know what
we're not going to call it a zero
tolerance one said we're gonna call it
the kinder tolerance policy I'm not so
confident that's gonna happen so what is
then the saving grace for all those
involved including the president if he
is on one hand feeling boxed in and as
you mentioned then throwing the grenade
into Congress are we likely to see
Democrats and others go with a
comprehensive immigration reform bill
and if not what is a short-term fix to
this well the answer to the first
question is overwhelming no and there
are people more qualified than me to
explain why that's based on how
dysfunctional this Congress is why
that's just about impossible but will
they attach some provision to the
defense bill that in a narrow way solves
this issue or at least creates
provisions that keep their children with
the parents while they're going through
the justice system that's possible but
again it's Congress this is not a group
known for solving problems yeah in my
head while you were talking I was
thinking of like health care and all the
other issues that we've been trying to
solve since day one of this
administration not a lot of traction on
any of those things Jonathan so on let
me ask you though really quickly you
know one of the things that kind of
struck out yesterday following his
dinner with the Republicans on the hill
I should say he headed to a dinner with
an allied advocacy group where he riffed
about the new embassy in Jerusalem
slightly off topic here but what did he
claim that is making news in that dinner
well I spoke to a source who was in at
the dinner light last night probably
around 11 o'clock
and they told me he went on this riff
about the embassy in Jerusalem he said
he'd learned that it was gonna cost a
billion dollars to build and he says so
I called David Friedman that's his
ambassador to Israel and I says David
you know and he says I can do it for a
hundred eighty thousand and Trump says
you making me look cheap cheap David get
the good marble spend four hundred
thousand dollars so anyway I have no
idea whether that actually happened is
but it's what he said to the group like
I wonder if there's gonna have like a
lot of gold on the embassy there in
Jerusalem very fitting for that city all
right Jonathan Swann live for us in
Washington DC thank you very much of
course wouldn't be reading as him in
just a bit and to all of our viewers out
there you too can sign up for the
newsletter by going to sign up access
calm hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
