I think so at home for joining us this
hour all right we got a lot to get to
tonight at this time on last night's
show this time last night we reported
the new news that the Republican
governor of Massachusetts Charlie Baker
had canceled a National Guard deployment
to the border from his state in protest
of President Trump's new policy of
separating kids from their parents at
the border Massachusetts canceling a
National Guard deployment we also
reported last night at this time on
another new action taken by the
Democratic governor of Colorado John
Hickenlooper who signed an executive
order yesterday insisting that no
Colorado state resources could be used
in any way to support that new Trump
administration family separation policy
so we broke the news of both of those
actions by those two different governors
at this time last night and that was
sort of an interesting pair of actions
you've got a Democratic governor in the
middle of the country you've got a
Republican governor on the East Coast
both of them popular governors both of
them ambitious both of them deciding to
take an additional step beyond just
saying they disagreed with the policy of
taking kids away from their parents they
both decided on the same day that they
needed to move on beyond just
criticizing the policy to instead start
taking actual overt action against it
well that was yesterday with those two
governors now today they apparently bust
opened the floodgates today the governor
of New Jersey Phil Murphy took the same
action as the Colorado governor and said
no state resources will be used from New
Jersey to support the family separation
policy in any way then the governor of
Delaware John Carney announced quote
today we received a request to send
Delaware National Guard troops to the
southwest border under normal normal
circumstances we wouldn't hesitate to
answer the call but given what we know
about the policies currently in effect
at the border I cannot in good
conscience send Delawareans to help with
that mission he then referenced
president Trump's current inhumane
policy of separating children from their
parents and then over the course of
today all these other governors
announced variations on the same theme
Democrats and Republicans Governor Larry
Hogan and Maryland is a Republican he
announced today that he is pulling all
members of the Maryland National Guard
from the border there are current Mash
Maryland National Guardsmen there now he
is calling them home today quote until
this policy of separating children from
their families has been rescinded
another Republican Governor New
Hampshire Chris Sununu announcing that
the New Hampshire National Guard
actually hasn't yet been asked if they
would send National Guardsmen and women
to the border but the governor says
quote if asked he would refuse governor
Sununu saying today in a statement quote
I will not send our New Hampshire troops
to the southern border to separate
families also today the governor of
Rhode Island Gina Raimondo came out and
said she will not send Rhode Island
National Guard troops the governor of
Connecticut dannel malloy said that he
will not send Connecticut National Guard
troops the governor of New York Andrew
Cuomo said that he will not send New
York National Guard troops like governor
Hogan and Maryland Governor Ralph
Northam in Virginia and governor Roy
Cooper in North Carolina they also
announced today that it wasn't just that
they wouldn't send National Guard in the
future they're actively taking National
Guard personnel from their states who
are on the border right now and they are
calling them home they are rescinding
their orders
they are bringing those National Guard
troops and materials home from the
border and there's no ambiguity as to
why all these governors are doing it
governor in North Carolina the governor
Cooper cited quote the cruel policy of
tearing children away from their parents
governor of Virginia governor Northam
says quote as long as the Trump
administration continues to enforce this
inhumane policy Virginia will not devote
any resource to border enforcement
actions that could actively or tacitly
support it so this is just a 24 hour
snapshot of what's going on right now in
the country started as this little
Trickle last night these interesting
governor's from a couple of disparate
States from two different parties
deciding to make a you know slightly
more than symbolic statement against the
trumpet trumpet administration's family
separation policy that was the the
Trickle last night today it is this
flood of governor's all over the country
and realistically speaking sending home
National Guardsmen and National Guard's
women from all from all these states
from their border deployments it's
probably not going to make a material
difference on the border it's not going
to make a material difference as to
whether or not this policy of taking
kids away from their parents is able to
go ahead but the fact that all these
governors are doing this and all in a
rush shows you the eagerness that these
states have that these governor's have
to try to make sure they are on the
record as more than just condemning this
policy they want to be on the record
they want to be known in history as
public officials who actively opposed it
that's basically what's going on in the
country right now as the program itself
is getting bigger and faster around 50
kids are being taken away from their
parents every day as of last month right
now it's around 70 kids every day being
taken away from their parents and as 70
kids are being taken every day yesterday
70 kids today 70 kids tomorrow 70 kids
and as this program gets bigger and
bigger and as moral outrage over this
policy swells and spreads all different
kinds of Americans are trying to sort of
do what these governors are doing
looking for ways they can not just
express their dismay or their criticism
or their disagreement or their outrage
people are looking for ways to try to
stop the policy to try to stop what the
administration is doing how can I do
more than just express my upset you saw
it from these actions taken by these
governors you can't use my state's
resources you can't use my state's
troops you can't use my state's
helicopters at the border you saw today
from these governor's sod also today
from these three random moms in Columbus
Ohio who decided that even it was if it
was just them and no army they even
though they didn't have any troops to
order anywhere these three moms decided
that they could still do something and
so they decided they would go to the
office of their senator rob portman
just hi everyone this is Marilee men I'm
here with a few yes sir avoid with sorry
Boyd and you know I Danielle Harlow so
we are inside of as you can see sort of
the ante room of senator Portman's
Columbus office we've been here with
since about 3:30 um asking the senator
to respond to some just pretty specific
questions we had that people have been
asking him for days and days and what he
was going to do specifically to address
this immediate need to remedy the
problem of children being taken from
their families so I don't think we have
much time I think the police are coming
up soon but the answer that we got was
not satisfactory people in similar
horrible situations like Holocaust
survivors I've seen talk about how now
even at age you know 80 and 90 and even
having been transferred from their
parents to two loveling you know foster
homes to try to you know avoid being
killed by the Nazis never got over being
separated from their parents that they
suffered with ongoing and long-term
psychological harm because of that and
so we don't want to as parents allow
that and sit back and feel like we
haven't done our part so you know I'm
here with you know two other moms Sarah
who's there and myself and we are all
you know feel that we are in the
position that we we can do this that
even if they come and arrest us for
trespassing because we've overstayed our
welcome in their office that our
children are not going to be removed
from us and
put in wire pens wire cages and so you
know and you know we have the money and
resources to to be able to get out of
that situation in a timely fashion and
so it's sort of the least that we can do
and we told them we expect senator
Portman to do more my understanding is
that our colleague who was trying to
come up with us another mom we were
going to be four months I miss being
arrested right now I know Bobby she was
trying to get up with us and stayed in
the lobby because they wouldn't allow
her so we're assuming that they're
coming to get us soon so please everyone
you know don't think about us just focus
on like spreading the word and making
sure that everyone gets out and votes in
November and that Senator Portman
understands that his time for opinion
aiding his long pass he needs to do
something it looks like the police
ultimately did show up and arrest people
at Rob Portman office today in Columbus
there were other people from the local
indivisible group protesting outside
while those three moms Satyan in in
Portland's office and there were arrests
today there were protests against the
family separation policy today in
Philadelphia lots of people who turned
out in Philadelphia where Vegas
president Mike print
Mike Pence was was giving a speech there
were protests against the policy in New
York City today and into tonight in
Washington DC today dozens of clergy
members spoke outside the headquarters
of Customs and Border Protection in El
Paso Texas at the Immigration and
Customs Enforcement processing center
there which were going to be talking
about a little later on with a reporter
who has been there over the last couple
of days a whole bunch of people today in
El Paso braved the heat to protest this
new policy of the Trump administration
taking kids away from their parents and
in the Congress today the Republican
controlled Congress any proceeding on
any topic today was likely to turn into
a discussion if not ultimately a
righteous denunciation of this new
policy here's a little sample which we
got today from congressman Elijah
Cummings at a hearing that was supposed
to discuss
hearing that Republicans called of
course to discuss Hillary Clinton's
emails this is instead what congressman
Elijah Cummings wanted to talk about
we now have reports that parents are
being deported
but the trouble administration is
keeping their children here 2018 in
America we do not need legislation this
is a policy and understand this this was
a policy invented implemented and
executed by President Donald Trump
we need you those children need you I'm
talking directly to my Republican
colleagues we need you to stand up to
president Club jump we need you to join
us in telling him that we reject this
mean policy we need you to tell him to
abandon this policy we need you to
remind him that this is a United States
of America and it is a great country and
we need you to stand up for those
children we sent a letter after letter
letter after letter asking these
committees to investigate the Trump
administration's policy which is now
resulting in child internment camps
that's what I said
child internment camps but we have
gotten no response even if you believe
immigration should be halted entirely we
all should be able to agree that in the
United States of America we will not
intentionally separate children from
their parents we will not do that we are
better than that we are so much better
we should be able to agree that we will
not keep kids in cow internment camps
indefinitely and hidden away from public
view what country is that this is a
United States of America congressman
Elijah Cummings today in Congress and
that is what it is like in Congress
right now
I mean congressman Cummings this is own
thing he is a very powerful speaker but
this is the level of outrage that has
been summoned by what the Trump
administration has started doing on the
border but they want this there is this
tension here in terms of what the
administration is trying to pull off
here it's not that they didn't know that
it would create outrage to start ripping
two-year-olds away from their parents
right it's not like they are trying to
assuage people's concerns about this
policy I mean there's a reason that the
president went out of his way today to
deliberately describe immigrants as an
infestation in this country they infest
our country he said today White House
knows what that means right White House
adviser Stephen Miller explained to the
New York Times in a new interview how
much the Trump administration loves the
outrage over this how much they are in
fact banking on it how in fact that is
the point of what they are doing
Stephen Miller telling the Times quote
you have one party that's in favor of
open borders and you have one party that
wants to secure the border all day long
the American people are going to side
with the party that wants to secure the
border not 55:45 not 60/40 70/30 80/20
I'm talking 92 10 on that in the Trump
administration's political view in their
strategic worldview anybody who
complains about this policy or expresses
outrage or hurt about this policy is
exposing themselves as a wuss and what
the American people will vote for at the
ballot box is harshness toward
immigrants and they want it to be seen
as unconscionably harsh the more
unconscionable the better because the
more outrage and protests they stir up
the more strongly anti
immigrant they will be seen and they
think that is the best political issue
they've got Bar None Washington Post
White House reporter Philip Rucker told
my colleague Nicole Wallace this
afternoon that he visited the White
House today and he was able to see their
delight over all the outrage that has
been generated by this policy he told
Nicole today that he told them quote
they are digging in and they are
defending this not only publicly but
privately I was out the White House this
morning talking to a few senior
officials who said there's really very
little unease inside that building
inside the White House about what is
playing out they love the controversy
they want this they love the upset they
are generating it on purpose because
they think it redounds to their
political advantage I mean we know
statistically speaking that the whole
deterrence idea here is bull Puckey it's
not changing the number of people who
cross the border illegally or who turn
up and apply for asylum or whether or
not they bring their kids it's not
having any deterrent effect whatsoever
all it's doing is showcasing
unbelievable cruelty on the part of the
US government and that's by design
because they want the upset this is
strongman tactics this is authoritarian
tactics right this is we've seen this in
other countries we are having it in
Arsenal now whether or not they are
right about the American people and how
we will respond to that sort of
political provocation will soon be
proven we'll all get a chance to say so
in November but in the meantime while
these kids are having their lives ruined
while these kids and parents are being
irrevocably changed and damaged by what
the Trump administration is doing
let's get very practical here the
expressions of outrage you are seeing
from all sorts of different kinds of
people in the country now are necessary
obviously and you couldn't stop him if
he wanted to but they're not sufficient
the Trump administration is actually
feeding on them they want this they see
the expressions of outrage and they
think that means they're doing it right
louder the better and they see that as
more and more of a reason to keep this
controversy going to keep this story
alive
that ratifies their decision that proves
to them that they have been doing the
right thing and they're approaching it
the right way I mean under normal
circumstances under normal non
authoritarian politics right you get
disgusted rebukes from bipartisan
governors all over the country
you get rebukes from every living First
Lady of the United States including the
current one you get horrified criticism
from even all over the right from The
Wall Street Journal editorial page and
freaking Ralph Reed right from
high-ranking officials from previous
administrations that were criticized for
their harshness toward immigrants I mean
under normal circumstances under non
authoritarian circumstances right under
a non authoritarian calculus those kinds
of reactions take you aback maybe right
maybe might cause an administration to
tap the brakes a little bit on what the
administration is doing on the border
those normal dynamics are not at work
here they want what they are getting
here this is part of what they are
aiming at you know I remember as lookit
I grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area
but we didn't grow up in San Francisco
so going to the city was like a treat
and still like an exotic thing and I
remember being a little kid and being
with my parents and taking a tourist
like tour of the cable car system so
it's not like we just went for a ride on
a cable car as public transport but we
did a tour where they showed you how
everything worked they show you cable
cars are weird and they showed you the
g-wiz sort of ancient technology that
run those things it has stuck with me
for approximately 40 years now how cable
cars stopped turns out and I remember
this from being in like freaking
kindergarten when I did this tour with
my parents it turns out there are three
different ways that they break a cable
car that they slow it down first way
they try to slow it down is that the
conductor guy or whatever they call them
has got a pedal and that person uses
that pedal to essentially break the way
the way that a car breaks it's like a
little steel shoe that presses against
the cable car wheel that's the first way
they try to break the cable car so press
the puddle a little steel shoe presses
against the wheel slows down if that
doesn't work
San Francisco is very hilly if that's
not enough and they need to
go to the second tier level of breaking
instead of the pedal they can pull up on
this big track break level and that
brings wooden blocks to press against
the tracks to try to help stop the car
literally made of wood that's option two
that's pretty dire but the third option
if all else fails and the cable car is
still you press the pedal not enough you
pull the lever to make the wood thing
squeeze the rails not enough cable cars
still going and they really need to stop
that thing there's one more way you can
break the cable car it's this big piece
of metal that they just drop down a hole
it's an 18 inch steel wedge that they
just drop through the bottom of the car
and it sticks into the streets and
eventually hits the rails and baboom
that is gonna stop you if nothing else
on this unprecedented runaway
accelerating policy of taking little
kids away from their parents and not
giving them back so far that little
pedal with the steel brake shoe isn't
working a little wooden squeezy things
are not working is there an option to
throw down a steel shaft and bring this
thing to an abrupt halt is there an
emergency brake on this thing yes there
is
it is a braking system that we have had
to use a few times in the past year we
have seen it work time and time again
actually on these kinds of issues that
President Donald Trump has chosen to
campaign on and has chosen to pursue as
president specifically because of the
outrage that those policies generate
when outrage against the policies
actually fuels them as actually seen as
a benefit to make this administration
want to do them even more and double
down how do you stop those policies
there is a way that's next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
