we're joined in our discussion now by
John sand Wegg he's the former acting
director of ice under President Obama
also as Professor Victoria DeFrancesco
Soto
of the LBJ School of Public Affairs at
the University of Texas she's who is an
MSNBC contributor and John could you
tell us what the previous policy was in
cases of these infant babies that the
new administration is now planning to
create new facilities for yeah Lawrence
it certainly wasn't take them away from
their mothers I mean this is shocking to
me more patrols and ice are proud law
enforcement agencies that are good at
getting bad guys that's what the agents
signed up for and this president now has
them ripping babies out of mothers arms
that that doesn't make any sense to me
but our policy was keep families
together keep families together at
almost all costs because once you
separate those families you run a
serious risk of they never see each
other again tell us about that tell us
about what is the likelihood of them
seeing each other again
and what happens what are the stories in
which they end up not seeing each other
again well here's the fundamental
problem when the children are separated
from their parents they're treated as
unaccompanied minors they go on a
separate legal track than do the parents
the parents can be deported very quickly
their cases are prioritized they're
detained and they move through the
system fast their children on the other
hand are treated as non detained and
treated on the non detained docket which
basically means they're not viewed as a
priority their cases can drag on for
months so now you have the parent back
in Honduras of Guatemala and the child
could be in a childcare facility
somewhere in the United States thousands
of miles from the border it gets very
hard for the federal government to
coordinate and track the location of
both people frankly nobody's funded
nobody's really had to do this before
it's not something that the agencies are
trained to do or equip to do and it's
the scary part is it leads to long-term
separation that can extend for years in
so many of these cases
there's one estimate that the Trump
administration has probably lost lost
track of 6,000 unaccompanied migrant
children do you think that's possible it
is possible now in those instances I
think a lot of those kids maybe are not
in the worst situation but I think what
it highlights is how bad the federal
government is this job and not just
tracking the minors or inside the United
States now you have to figure out a way
to do something never done before which
is track the location of the parents who
in most instances have been sent back to
Central America look you can tell by the
videos and the images you're talking
you're showing and in a scrambling
that's going on the federal government
they weren't prepared to implement this
policy if they weren't even ready to
build the detention facilities for the
children I don't think we can expect
that they've built put together the
logistics necessary to track the
movements of the parents so that they
can later reunite them with the kids I
know they handed out a brochure today
but I would suggest that that's
willfully insufficient and based on my
experience I really am worried that
we're going to be hearing about this
story in months and years to come
because these kids are not with their
parents and Victoria we now know because
the AP is reporting tonight that what
the administration is calling tender age
shelters they have to come up with a
euphemism they have to come up and I'd
like to know how long the meeting was
where they came up with this phrase
tender age shelters to describe the
jailing of babies and we don't know
where those babies are they're somewhere
in South Texas somewhere around here we
don't know where they are crying tonight
but it is somewhere near here and this
is a whole new stage of this story it is
and then if we think about when are
these babies going to be reunited with
their parents these babies cannot fend
for themselves and their parents may end
up back in Honduras and El Salvador and
these folks who are back there they
don't speak English
the minimum wage in El Salvador is $300
a month if we have trouble navigating
the bureaucracy here in the United
States the immigration bureaucracy how
is a mother going to navigate the
bureaucracy from afar in trying to
knife with our infant child so by
separating out these children of all
ages but especially the babies this is
putting us on a track to where we are
separating out people for permanent for
life a judge said wegg as an expert in
this field what do you suggest that we
be looking for in the way we cover it
now given all the information we have as
of tonight including these three secret
facilities we've just learned about for
the babies well I think that key is
going to be there weeks and months to
come let's hope that this policy ends
quickly
generally speaking order activities
cyclical in nature we are just winding
down what is I would call the high
season for order activity meaning it's
the spring and early summer months will
receive the highest level of traffic I
would expect and I hope that that
traffic dissipates in the coming weeks
and months but what I think the most
important thing to cover long term is
how is the federal government doing it
reuniting these families are they making
any effort at doing that and they put in
place efficient systems to work this I
worried that not only is this policy
cruel and in my opinion is not border
security I'm for secure border but this
is not border security but it's also not
well thought out and I worried that
we're gonna feel about you know we're
gonna have kids stuck in this country
for years to come with their parents
somewhere else
jeonse and Wiggins and Victoria
DeFrancesco think so thank you both for
joining us now it would be good thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
