where are the girls where are the others
I don't know they I'm not familiar with
those particular images you're saying
that they are being well cared for so
how can you make that claim if you don't
know where they are it's not that I
don't know where they are I'm saying
that the vast majority of children are
held by Health and Human Services sounds
like you don't know where they are it
took almost 24 hours to get an answer to
it should be a simple question for the
Homeland Security Secretary where are
the girls where are the young children
who have been detained at the border
today at DHS spokesperson says the
Department will release footage of girls
and toddlers and their living conditions
in detention but it may take as long as
two more days for us to get those images
joining us now is NBC's Jacob Soboroff
who's in McAllen Texas outside one of
the detention centers and joining us on
set now is Chuck Rosenberg he's one of
the 75 former US attorneys who've signed
on to a letter calling for an end an
immediate end to family separations
Jacob your reporting from there has been
extraordinary and I've seen you today
can you answer the question where and
how are the girls nope and Nicole you
know what we do know is that when they
come into this facility and they go out
of this facility and again this is the
epicenter more than 1,100 kids have been
deported from this facility in this
sector since this policy began more than
anywhere else along the whole southern
border we know that they go to HHS HHS
won't let us in at this point to go see
the girls or go see the toddlers and in
fact today I spoke with a high high
level official at HHS and I asked them
can we please go in and see or can we at
least get some photographs and he
offered to me today was here are some
photos from the facilities that house
girls and toddlers from 2016 before the
zero tolerance policy was put into place
and so I politely declined it said I
want those photos we want to get in and
we want to see the girls and we want to
see the toddlers any explanation about
the disconnect between the Secretary of
Homeland Security's understanding of
their status and not knowing where they
are how they are and what you're hearing
on the ground at the border it's just
why isn't DHS talking to HHS they're
supposed to work together every single
day it's the agency that comes to this
facility to pick up the children are
they not talking to each other I mean
one thing that may have something to do
with it
Cole is that yesterday in that press
conference secretary Neilson said that
she had toward detention facilities
before but it turns out after some
product today by Jeff Bennett and Julia
Ainsley our colleagues she never been
here ever and this is the epicenter this
is the place where more than anywhere
else children are being separated from
their parent so how is she talking about
I've been in there
how is she talking about what happens in
there without having been in there
without seeing the mylar blankets and
the mats and the cages can you just
Truth Squad this for us a little bit it
becomes jarring to watch the volume of
lies that come out of Washington but
you're on the ground what what are we
being most misled about Wow that's a
good question I just think frankly
what's happening here and why it's
happening I mean it's it's pretty simple
one actually and the answer is President
Trump decided to put in place a policy
that separated children from their
families I just sat down with Manuel
Padilla the chief of the sector of the
Border Patrol here up at his office in
the Rio Grande Valley headquarters and
the way he described to me what's going
on inside there he said it's not that
bad kids are smiling and I talked with
them about the World Cup it's just like
the disconnect between reality and what
we're seeing here is extraordinary and
it's most extraordinary when you hear it
coming out of Washington about why
what's happening is actually happening
and Chuck Rosenberg Jacob has the
ability to say that because he's seen
with his own eyes very different images
children on concrete floors under mylar
blankets children in cages that are
barely out at the Humane Society anymore
tell me about the letter you sign I'm
gonna put up a poll from it and read it
for our viewers every administration for
decades is grappled with the
complexities inherent and families
illegally crossing our borders until now
every administration has chosen a path
that has balanced the need for effective
enforcement and deterrence with humanity
and compassion that is clearly ended but
can you talk about what what what you
guys hope to accomplish by signing on in
a bipartisan way to this letter yeah I
think it's easy Nicole this policy is
morally indefensible I don't want to get
lost in the thicket of law and
regulation and policy it's morally
indefensible
we are better than this and for decades
we've acted better than this Republicans
Democrats border states interior states
big cities rural areas this is not us
and so when they asked me to sign the
letter yeah I'm sure this is not us this
isn't us now well different question the
fact this has not been us is this that's
now it is us now and so why did I sign
because this policy is morally
indefensible look there's nothing
inherently wrong with a zero tolerance
policy I was a prosecutor for a long
time we do that on occasion but you have
to weigh the consequences of those
policies and the cost here in my view
and in the view of lots of my colleagues
it's just way too high in the view of
chalk and lots of his colleagues people
who serve for Democrats and Republicans
people who are Democrats and Republicans
they view have Laura Bush in the view of
Michelle Obama in the view of every
former president who grappled with this
policy with this law this is not a law
it is not the law to yank children from
their parents this is a policy choice
made by Donald Trump
can you speak to whether or not this is
still us I just I don't believe I don't
believe it is right I mean I don't
believe that the banan we the majority
of Americans don't support this and I
think that a you know it one benefit of
this presidency is more people becoming
aware of what's happening in the country
and participating and rebelling against
it and that is you know I don't believe
that this is that's what this country
represents and I worked for President
Obama and we did we dealt with the
problem in Reverse we dealt with
children showing up without their
parents right
that's what violence and from from from
the many the same countries in 2014 and
HHS had to take care of the children and
DHS was was dealing with enforcement and
I I tell you if HHS is not showing
photos there is not a good reason there
is a really terrible reason for why they
are not showing the photos and if I'd
find it really distressing that they're
telling Jacob it's me two more days
before we can see the
the state that but these children are in
it's it's really really distressing and
not something we should see in America
and I do believe most of us don't
support it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
