I want to talk to another mother for us
here Halle she's also from Honduras she
already tried to cross she said she
tried to seek political asylum but was
turned back are you gonna try and cross
again with your children legally or
illegally but retarded volver across our
legal or illegal mendicancy goes
legally or illegally even though there's
a policy that could prosecute you and
take these children away from you I
don't carry on a political okay work
Italian separar license she will cruise
yes I will cross can I ask you why would
you part with these kids
what are you fleeing from that is so
dangerous they can look after it if I
start a party rages then go yellow
delinquent sir you'll do that boys I'm
playing violence in Honduras Jacques de
nosotros there's someone and I saw em
where they know our lives are threatened
you know for them on the starting window
we cannot be in Honduras they want to
kill my entire family thank you so much
thank you for sharing our stories with
us today again Halle it's a mixed bag
and it's kind of these mixed messages
that we've been also hearing from the
administration about deterrence and
again this is the last the last point of
rest fight for these families before
crossing over and when they are making
these life-changing decisions Halle
so Marriott a couple things here number
one when you talk about Central America
we're actually going there later on in
the show
we've got Gotti Schwartz who is working
to get live for us in Guatemala to talk
about the reason why these migrants are
trying to cross the board in the first
place but I'm struck by the comments
from the woman that you just spoke with
because one of the questions that I
think we often hear from folks folks
around the country is why are these
families crossing the border breaking a
law crossing illegally if in fact they
know they could be separated from their
kids and it sounds like based on your
conversation part of the reason is
because it is so bad it is so awful and
so dangerous where they're coming from
that these families are willing to take
that risk
absolutely Hallie I spoke to a 10 year
old boy from El Salvador yesterday he
was separated for a short period of time
from his mom Christina they crossed
illegally and he said that at 10 years
old
he had already been try Ben tried to get
recruited by these gangs in his school
and that they told him if you don't
enlist with us we will murder your
sister and your mother so now these
children these mothers are seeing in
their home countries getting here to
shelters like this one and then being
faced with this incredibly difficult
decision of do I cross and risk getting
prosecuted and getting these children
taken from me thank you for checking out
our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
