MSNBC's Mariana Atencio is in Reynosa
Mexico where migrants are waiting to
cross the us-mexico border Mariana what
are you seeing there so just want to
show you this family real quick
Stephanie before I let them go here this
is a mom who actually lives and works on
the US side but you came to seek medical
hope for your children on the Mexican
side is that correct yes and can you
show us the documents that you need to
get through this point about basically
you need your birth certificate or your
social are usually carrying my passport
which is you know my regular
documentation but most of the time if
you don't have that you can either use
your Texas identification or any type of
ID they'll ask you more questions and
that's the way how they can identify you
or ask you someone let you be on your
way with your little kids and I wanted
to talk to her Stephanie briefly for you
to understand where we are sort of in
this journey that migrants and families
take this is a legal point of entry
behind me this is the Hidalgo bridge I'm
on the Mexican side of the border and
across from me is the US city of Hidalgo
people like that woman who we've spoke
to if you bring your visa if you have
your proper documentation you can go in
and out as you please one new thing that
we did notice this morning was a u.s.
checkpoint smack in the middle of the
bridge that is something I hadn't seen
before I asked our fixers they hadn't
seen before either and they were turning
people around who didn't have the proper
documentation very quickly I also want
to give you some context as to where we
are on the Mexican side you see that
sign that says Mexico behind me you see
the flag over there behind me as well
but I know some time I would leave us is
one of the most dangerous cities in the
whole of this country we were also
instructed by our security teams to only
be here for short periods of time
because there is a turf war between two
cartels here that control a lot of the
drugs that go in but also a lot of the
human trafficking that goes on around in
this area so these migrant families
don't have the documents that that mom
showed to be able to cross legally they
will have to pay one of the
cartel's to cross them over illegally
and face the same kind of violence that
frankly they're fleeing from in Central
America
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
