Nazi Germany concentration camps human
rights violations Laura Bush's wade in
Michelle Obama Rosalynn Carter got all
the first ladies gone back to Eleanor
Roosevelt she's apparently weighed in as
well
General Sessions what the what's going
on here well it's a real exaggeration of
course in Nazi Germany they were keeping
the Jews from leaving the country and
Jon Meacham joins us now from Washington
DC he's the author of the number one
bestseller the soul of America John good
morning
Nazi comparisons are always dangerous
and usually wrong it's a singular
horrific event in history can you put
this into some historical context at
least what we're seeing down on the
border right now yeah I think there are
sort of three universes colliding one is
as Mike was talking about a second ago
there is the great Emma Lazarus
tradition and that's sort of the easy
one that's the one that comes to mind we
have been a nation as President Reagan
said in his farewell address that has
been about all the pilgrims from all the
lost places hurtling through the
darkness toward home that's who we are
at our best we are a shining city on a
hill we received the world's week in
order to make ourselves stronger and
that's sort of the we can check that box
what clearly Trump has built a wall it's
a wall between that America and his
America so there's that the second one
is which is sort of what I guess General
Sessions who has now gone from being a
biblical scholar to a historian in a
single week he might try to be Attorney
General he might be better off is the
idea that this is like the internment
camps in in the Japanese of the
japanese-american internment camps mrs.
Bush and her really powerful op-ed
mentioned that as well and I would never
defend what Franklin Roosevelt and Earl
Warren who was the Attorney General of
California at the time and was and was
part of that did but I do think one
piece of context is important and shed
some light on where we are now
President Roosevelt and attorney general
war and were reacting after we had been
attacked and there was a hysteria going
on there was a real war of foot part of
what's happening here and I think this
is really important is President Trump
General Sessions secretary Neilson and
others are creating are trying to create
a hysteria about almost a wartime
hysteria acting as though we are under
attack Trump said yesterday a country
without borders is no country you know
where I come from the way you define a
nation is not about how you keep people
out but how you treat your so you treat
the country itself you treat the rest of
the world st. Augustine once said that
the definition of a nation was a
multitude of rational beings united by
the common objects of their love and the
great thing about the American
experiment is that what we have loved in
common is the idea of fair play the best
way to guarantee fair play for me is to
guarantee it for you and so I think
we're in this kind of elective crisis
caused by the president's policy in
order to appeal to the base with
racially motivated actions and attacks
on immigrants the third quickly is this
is a lot more like Dred Scott America
than it is classic Emma Lazarus America
we are treating people as less than
human we are in a pre-civil war mindset
about people and we know how that turned
out we just this is a great moment a
marvelous moment for Republican senators
in particular to stand up and say we're
gonna heat our better angels and not
follow this man anymore John can you
recall any moment in history when a
president of the United States has used
the premise of fear
apart from wartime they used the premise
of fear to drive a policy aimed at
making sure that Republican elected
officials and a huge constituency of his
or a portion of this kind
would react to something aimed at the
other aimed at the alien aimed at the
immigrant and it's based rooted in fear
you know where I think we are is we have
to go all the way back to the years
after President Lincoln's tragic
assassination this is like the early
days of reconstruction where Andrew
Johnson a Democrat from the south had
been put on the ticket with Lincoln in
1864 to broaden the wartime appeal where
he issued what the historian Eric Foner
once called the most racist state paper
in American history where he talked
about how the African race was
essentially congenitally incapable of
self-government of being part of a
popular government of civil society and
what Johnson was doing was becoming a
important architect of white supremacy
and trying to undo the natural verdict
of the Civil War he opposed the 14th
amendment he opposed the 15th amendment
he believed he had a kind of inchoate
connection to the common man
he gave slightly disjointed speeches
about how the world was against him any
of this sound familiar all right Thank
You Meechum kind of crystallizing one
parallel there you can find in history
actually usually there's no parallel
because it's also unprecedented that we
are beginning to find historic parallels
and they are hideous still ahead there's
apparently a bit of redecorating in the
West Wing gosh I remember when Joe and I
went to the White House and all these
pictures in the West Wing were of crowd
size and Donald Trump was obsessing
about his crowd size we'll explain these
pictures next on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
