but first we want to get into the
performance we saw yesterday by homeland
security secretary Kirsten Nielsen I
would love to see if I can help explain
some of what's going on and give you
some of the facts so what you're about
to hear are not facts it's actually
deceit it feels a lot like twisted truth
and evasion and some lies ms-13 have
violated violated our borders and gained
a deadly foothold within the United
States problem is this two-year-old girl
is not a member of ms-13 it is not
possible as a matter of law to detain
and remove whole family units yeah it's
actually not the law its Donald Trump's
policy and it is happening children are
being separated from their families
reporters like Jacob Soboroff and Gary
Schwartz and Mariana Atencio have been
showing us the horrific facts and
pictures and video of families separated
families are being torn apart who in
America could do this Congress and the
courts created this problem in Congress
alone can fix it I'm sorry secretary
Neilson you're incorrect this is not the
case but don't listen to me take it from
senator Susan Collins
that's amazing she said yeah keep on
going Madam Secretary because the world
is watching and listening to you this
administration did not create a policy
of separating families at the border mmm
it appears the Attorney General
disagrees with you and you work for the
same commander in chief it's his policy
if you are smuggling a child then we
will prosecute you and that child may be
separated from you as required by law
all of you appear to be failing the
country you said there's no policy to
separate families jeff sessions says
there is why not take another crack at
it again the world is watching you're on
the record go we will separate those who
claim to be a parent and child Oh
you do separate families those who claim
to be a parent and child
why did you tweet on Sunday quote we do
not have a policy of separating families
parents can still communicate with their
children through phone calls and video
conferencing video conferencing okay
with a baby maybe an infant ripped from
her mother's arms that's comforting from
you besides NBC News reports that it's
exceedingly rare for parents to be able
to call their children in this situation
if it happens at all members of Congress
of the Democratic side say that you are
using children as a leverage try to get
them to take legislative action what do
you say I say that is a very cowardly
response it is cowardly to do that
speaking of by the way the world is
watching and you're on the record for
history to remember forever
here's your boss the president the
Democrats can come to us as they
actually are you know all fairness we
are talking to them and they can change
the whole border security we need a wall
okay so if the Democrats give the
president his border wall this policy
stops that actually makes them pawns
that makes them leverage Madam Secretary
you seem extremely confused some have
referred to them as cages but keep in
mind this is a great big warehouse
facility where they built walls out of
chain-link fences okay thanks Trump TV
so not cages just Walt's cells of
chain-link fences okay that's
information directly I guess from Trump
TV by the definition in anyway
it's not a policy you seem to struggle
on that one and you didn't answer the
question let me help you out
ripping children from their parents is
cruel it's inhumane and it's weakening
our nation's standing around the world
NBC's Kristen Welker tried to ask you a
very simple question I don't know the
I'm not familiar with those particular
images you don't know you're not
familiar with the pictures the
government released under your authority
Kristen Welker please continue it's not
that I don't know where they are I'm
saying that the vast majority of
children are held by Health and Human
Services so where were the girls where
are the toddlers Kristen asked about the
photos being other than their justifying
your department you've been aired all
over national television throughout the
day the kids who are being held at
vacations
usually in the book I will I will look
into that I'm not aware that there's a
okay so you'll look into it the
Secretary of Homeland Security doesn't
know where they are but she will look
into it if you're seeking asylum go to a
port of entry incorrect we have limited
resources we will tell people that come
to the border they need to come back
okay so we're incorrect people who are
fleeing for their lives need to come
back at a more convenient time for the
government are you intending for parents
to be separated from their children are
you intending to send a message I find
that offensive you know because what why
would I ever create a policy that
purposely does that so then I think you
think Jeff Sessions is offensive cue the
AG hopefully people will get the message
and come through the border at the port
of entry and not break break across the
block unlawfully just ask White House
adviser Stephen Miller quote the message
is that no one is exempt from
immigration law will it continue to
require the separation of parents when
their children until the present it's
exactly if Congress closes the loopholes
some of which many of which are closed
in the two bills that we hope are taken
up this week by the house then they
close the loopholes and the families
will stay together throughout the
proceedings
so they are pawns
since the DHS secretary was so unsure
for information so unsure of where this
situation came from so unsure of whether
it was a policy or a law so unsure of
even the location of the girls and
toddlers and so unsure as to whether or
not this was abusive or not maybe this
will help
though NBC News cannot independently
verify these recordings authenticity
here now is the sound of children being
torn from their families this is what it
sounds like
I have her number memorized so really
that was the department of homeland
security secretary trying to comment on
this policy yesterday thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up to date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
