welcome back we watched in real time
today as this Trump administration
immigration order has gone haywire in
the court of public opinion in his
commentary on the CBS Radio Network
today Dave Ross said this quote the
government's own figures say agents have
now separated close to 2,000 children
those are American border agents trained
in America paid by American taxpayers
following orders from an administration
that ran on this policy and was elected
by Americans so this is who we are now
I'm sure that we would very much like to
be a beacon of hope to the world but
that brought us too many strangers
banging on the door so it appears we
will snuff out that light at least for
now
and change the locks as a democracy we
have the power to reconsider but in the
meantime we are the country you see and
according to the Attorney General it's
exactly how the Bible wants it we talked
about all of it tonight with Ohio's
Governor John Kasich the Republican the
rumored 2020 presidential candidate who
visited us here in New York
I suppose you're up on what we've seen
transpire all weekend and today and I
want to start with a very basic question
what is happening what is it you think
we're witnessing right now Brian you and
I are you know kind of contemporaries
we've never seen anything quite like
this you know that the heart of America
has always been about caring you know
and here we are in New York and right
out here is the grand old lady and
welcoming people and I was on Ellis
Island I guess about a year ago and my
my own family my grandparents came over
and they were welcomed and and then when
you look at the border and you see young
children being taken from their mothers
and fathers you know as a young kid did
you imagine if you were yanked away from
the people that were raising you and I
hope they're just there's just and this
problem is existed for a while but this
solution is insane it's ridiculous you
can't start dividing families and Brian
the thing that is
so interesting that not so interesting
but good and heartening now is the
outpouring of support from both parties
and you know Laura Bush wrote a piece in
The Washington Post I think finally
you're beginning to see some congressmen
raise Cain about this and then hopefully
they I don't forget this integration
bill through but you'd like to see the
administration say the solution to this
problem at the border is not to separate
families and to create conditions that
are intolerable this this is not America
the America that you and I have known
throughout our our lifetime here a lot
of people feel that this one this crisis
will leave a mark this feels different
from anything before it during the Trump
years and that like it or not this
president has an AR after his name which
for a long time has been your political
party Brian I there have been a lot of
things that have happened since this
administration's taken office that I
thought would never be accepted I don't
know how this is going to go down with
the base and here's the problem I
I think base politics now in our country
is different than I've ever seen it I
mean I was in Congress for 18 years we
never decided I can't remember when we
ever decided okay we can't do this or we
can do this because of the upcoming
election if there was anything that was
incumbent on us it was to do something
good and I just hope that the the base
will will look at the facts and take off
partisan glasses but I have to also tell
you you know I said earlier today on one
of the one of the shows here on on the
channel I remember we went through the
government shutdown and I felt as though
the Democrats had walked away from daca
its we're not seeing that kind of
courage that we're so used to seeing the
kind of courage embodied by somebody
like John McCain or Bob Dole or people
that said America counts and our soul
matters in our hearts matter it's just
it's just I'm not familiar with this hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date
the videos were putting out you can
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
