concerns about health care are one of
the top issues in the midterms and it is
no different in Ohio an important state
to president Trump's reelection joining
us now from Lebanon Ohio NBC News
correspondent Morgan Radford and Morgan
you spoke with voters about this what
did they say
mica we sure did and we're standing here
in Lebanon Ohio and this is one of the
reddest districts in the state it's also
where the president is coming to hold
his rally tonight and of course mica
when we go to cover these rallies we
hear a lot about his populist message
even his personality and his popularity
but we don't always hear about specific
policies and there is one policies that
the voters here in Ohio say he must
address when he comes tonight and that's
health care admittedly is a topic that
many of them say they didn't really
think about until it impacted them
personally like Colleen Bowman she has a
14 year old daughter who was diagnosed
with cancer 7 years ago
and ever since then she's been fighting
to make sure that her daughter is
covered even though she has a
pre-existing condition so she got all
her friends together here in Ohio and
they've been pounding the pavement and
they're getting politically active for
the very first time this midterm
election year and it's all about this
one issue health care take a listen
just from a show of hands how many of
you would say health care is one of the
most important issues to you in this
election all of you my daughter was
diagnosed with melanoma at seven one
year after they see a sari and it was
life-changing what the ACA did for us
she's now cancer-free however we now
have to worry about that she will not be
covered because of not having the
protection of pre-existing conditions
this is a new concern yes I will say
that the first thought we I had after we
you know went through all these tests
was thank god she's protected is that
something you feel like you don't have I
feel like we are in serious jeopardy of
having that slip away and I worry about
it every single day I lose sleep over it
I
every single thing in my life right now
is fighting to make sure that she keeps
insurance because it's not only will it
affect her health care it will affect
her financial security for the rest of
her life from a Republican standpoint
how do you feel about affordable health
care I think it's a necessity I think
that there are things that need to be
changed about it but I think that in the
way things are going right now with
nobody was willing to talk to each other
we need some bipartisan you know
conversation to get things going or
we're gonna lose you know pretty you
know for the pre-existing conditions
everything and and nobody's gonna be
able to afford any sort of health care
the way things are going right now my
mom was diagnosed with cancer in
November so now I'm going to meetings
and appointments with her and watching
them ask the doctor through his cancer
drugs that are on insurance so right
right so if you don't think it's gonna
happen you it will it well on some shape
or form affect a family member and
politically active before this midterm
season venomous
Colleen and her friends say it is an
all-out fight until note that Berkeley
they're also not alone 52% of Americans
at a recent NBC poll found that they
would not likely vote for a candidate
who wants to repeal or limit the
Affordable Care Act Mika
NBC's Morgan Radford thank you very much
and Jeremy Peters before we go to break
your thoughts on this well what
Democrats have been trying to do for a
long time is make this front and center
in the midterm election of course when
Donald Trump is President of the United
States it's hard to get anything but him
on center stage this is a big worry
you know Democrats saw the key to saving
a lot of these vulnerable seats North
Dakota Florida for example localized
those races make up about soybeans may
come in at the local schools the tariffs
you know it health care is a way of
doing that I think it's a question of
what else though is in voters Minds and
as long if it's a pocketbook issue as
health care so often is sure it really
can be Jeremy Peters thank you so much
and still ahead president Trump has said
he won't fire jeff Sessions before the
midterms but that doesn't mean he isn't
actively looking for his next Attorney
General we're taking a look at who's on
the president's reported shortlist next
on Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
