you think you know what happened in the
Flint water crisis you don't but you
will soon because of this it's called
what the eyes don't see a story of
crisis resistance and hope in an
American city dr. mona hanna-attisha is
a pediatrician at the hurley Medical
Center in Flint she is the big-hearted
local pediatrician who is the person who
shook the denial off the Flint story and
made people finally start to face what
was going on there dr. Mona
congratulations on this book thank you
for being you thank you so much that
happen every year
I wanted to ask first of all about why
you wanted to write a book about this
and the reason I wanted to ask you that
is because you're very busy not only
were you busy before the Flint wines and
water crisis since then you've got a lot
of national attention a lot of national
accolades and you've got a big platform
that you've been using for good but
you're still really trying to fix Flint
yeah I'm still a pediatrician in Flint
but I decided to write this book for
three reasons one back like two-plus
years ago when when I started write this
book I knew we that we would need a
vehicle to shine a spotlight back on
Flint yeah the nation's attention would
fade get the our crisis would be ongoing
and our needs will be ongoing and we
need a reminder that Flint is still here
Flint is still unfiltered and bottled
water you need to pay attention to Flint
a second reason is I wanted an immigrant
story that of an Arab American that
wasn't about war on terrorism that was
about an immigrant coming to this
country fleeing tyranny and oppression
and dictatorship coming to this country
for freedom and oppression I was that
little brown girl and I Hekla mated in
this country and I achieved that
American dream
what are we losing out of right now and
then I also wanted to write this book as
a way to give back part of the proceeds
go to our Flint kids fund and we have a
lot of long-term work and I want to make
sure that we are able to do that
long-term work for our kids I think
about the original iteration of the
freaking Muslim ban and Iraq being one
of the countries that they initially
proposed and you and your family would
have been barred from coming to this
country
I wouldn't as a threat to this nation
absolutely lord knows what it would have
happened to Flint by now absolutely in
terms of what's happening in the city
right now there was a little bit of a
burst of national publicity recently
when the state announced that it was no
longer going to support bottled water
what's going on right now in terms of
people's actual access to drinkable
water yeah so it's being supported by
nonprofits like the United Way some
churches are providing bottled water but
the recommendation in Flint is still to
be on bottled water or filtered water we
are doing a massive infrastructure work
we've already replaced about 6,000 of
our lead pipes I live about 9,000 to go
this is amazing no other city is doing
this right now
but until that infrastructure work is
complete people need to stay on filtered
and bottled water the way that we got to
this story in the first place on this
show way back in the day was that we had
been covering the emergency manager law
in Michigan where your locally elected
officials can sort of be pushed aside
taken out of all decision-making process
and the government the governor
specifically can come in and say we're
not going to recognize the results your
local elections anymore we're gonna do
this our way cuz we know what's best
that was part of the Flint water crisis
story because it was an emergency
manager who was in charge when the
switch was made House democracy and
that's a big part of how you tell the
story about what went wrong absolutely
and kudos to you Rachel because you were
the first to elevate that issue of
democracy you were on the Flint story
when it was an emergency manager story
before it was a water crisis story so
thank you we would be nowhere without
you but yeah in 2011 Flint lost
democracy overnight we had a
state-appointed emergency manager in
charge and their only job was austerity
to save money no matter what the cost
and it was too expensive I guess for us
to get Great Lakes treated water instead
we started getting water from the Flint
River and it wasn't treated properly so
all of this happened because of a usurp
usurped a democracy it was taken away
from people and at one point in Michigan
half of our african-american population
was under emergency management compared
to 2% of whites and that does not sound
democratic which means you don't have
the power to elect your local elected
officials who don't have power to make
local can't hold them accountable either
mona hanna-attisha is the author of a
new book called what the eyes don't see
a story of crisis resistance and hope in
an American city you give me hope Thank
You DC on my friend thank you so much
all right we'll be right back stay with
us hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
