we begin with our top story on the
actual people the children's suffering
under Donald Trump's policy of splitting
families at the border the Trump
administration has been lying about the
Trump administration has been lying
about this policy and downplaying the
deliberate child abuse that operates at
the core and tonight I can tell you
there is newly leaked audio this was
obtained by the news outlet Pro Publica
and it reveals part of how this policy
works how it sounds as these children
are split from their parents by the US
government now when we got this in the
newsroom today we all took a little bit
of a collective gasp even though we of
course know the facts of this thing what
you're about to hear is disturbing even
gut-wrenching it is what no parent would
ever want to imagine and what few I
think would want the u.s. to do
deliberately to children it is hard to
listen to and that gives you some sense
of obviously how much harder it would be
to live through but it is part of the
facts tonight it in a way it must be
heard and because this is brand-new as I
say we just got it it's also seems like
the kind of documentary audio evidence
that many in the Trump administration
don't want the nation to hear
those are the sounds of children crying
for their parents in what we believe to
be the first moments of their separation
under these new Trump orders and then
you could hear again this is where
airing it for the first time what sounds
like a US border agent mocking the
sounds of those children
then a child that ProPublica describes
as six years old is heard struggling to
understand her new reality under these
orders she asked for her aunt to come
pick her up
you can of course hear the sounds of
some of the other children crying as
this six-year-old then continues to ask
if there's some way her aunt's can come
and get her and she tells this agent
that's detaining her that she has that
phone number memorized
that is just a few moments of what this
Trump order sounds like in the moments
it's enforced if you think about this as
a matter of humanity that means
everything you just heard is a human
being it could be your child or your
friend's child or your family's child by
that standard I think for any person
it's very hard to listen to who can
defend this if this is what the policy
sounds like this is who it's very
strongly the Democrats fault
their obstruction you know they're
really obstructionist and they are
obstructing what's happening is so sad
it's so sad and it can be taken care of
quickly beautifully they not put in jail
of course they're taken care of I'm
joined tonight by Heather McGee
president of demos Janet Murguia a
president CEO of Unidos u.s. which is
one of the leading Latino civil rights
groups in Mara gay from the New York
Times editorial board Heather your
reaction I mean that audio is impossible
to hear and not feel outrage and grief I
think that this is a moment and we've
known since Donald Trump came down those
stairs calling Mexicans rapists and
criminals we've known that we as
American citizens would be on watch and
we would have to hold the backbone and
the character of this country and I
think this is one of those moments I
have been stopped in airports
you know contacted online people mostly
women need to know what to do right now
and I think that's the most important
message that we can give right now is
that this is a choice that's being made
by the Trump administration with the
complicity of the Republican Congress
many members who are saying we're
worried about this but it is absolutely
within their power to pass a bill
tonight
and stop this and there are an
unprecedented number of people who are
mobilizing into action
there'll be actions coming you know with
regularity families everyday families in
this country going down to the border to
stand vigil and to say that this is not
who we want to be this is a moment for
Americans to show what our values are
and we feel helpless I think is a very
strong feeling that people keep
communicating I feel helpless what can I
do but ultimately the Congressional
switchboard should not have a moment's
peace because this is absolutely on the
hand of Republicans in Washington you
said especially women why do you say
that it it has been you know I mean this
is a moment of awakened political
activism from women all over this
country and it has been since the
election since the election of Donald
Trump since the women's March I'm on the
board of an organization called
indivisible which is you know moved you
know millions of people into action you
just ask anyone that's been
predominantly women who have been it's a
record number of women running for
office this year at the same time you
listen to those tapes you look at those
pictures you think about the the thing
that becomes an overarching purpose for
people once they have children or once
they have any children in their lives
which is to keep them safe and of course
the families the women the the parents
and the aunts and uncles who have
already risked everything for their
children to bring them to our borders
and beg for asylum the idea that all of
that would be for naught as they've been
ripped from their hands it just goes to
the core I think of our own shared
humanity and this is a moment when
people are standing up for each other
and our administration this
administration is doing exactly what it
promised this is a white nationalist
agenda this is steven miller and jeff
sessions saying we are using this as a
deterrent for more people who are not
part of our vision of america coming
into this country you say all that in
Mara one of the reasons that the law and
international human rights law as always
recognized obviously children
differently is that they're not adults
they don't have the same
responsibilities they are more
vulnerable they're treated differently
even when they do things wrong in in
juvenile justice but certainly when they
are innocent
individuals caught up in this and so
with that in mind I do want to play a
little more of this treat for you to
listen to it and we'll talk about how
heartbreaking it is to listen to a child
who in these newly leaked tapes
obviously does not even understand that
they're now in long-term detention
separated from their family take a
listen to a little more well I'm not
ashamed to admit that it made me
extremely emotional earlier it is look
it's it's one of the saddest moments
that we've seen in a long time
I think it says nothing about these
immigrants who are coming these children
it says a lot about us we don't have a
border crisis I think actually what we
have is a moral crisis as a country and
I think you're absolutely right I mean I
think we the editorial board we've said
this before this is just as a reminder I
mean call Congress you know register
voters I think that one of the things
that the administration has done very
well and that Trump's tweets have done
very well is to create this sense of
inevitability as though no one's really
in charge and as though decisions don't
matter and that there aren't real people
at stake that this is a reality show and
I think there are a lot of Americans who
know this is wrong and are deeply you
know feel very strongly about actually
something being done about it but they
don't know what to do and the Trump
administration is relying on their
inaction and on their sense of
helplessness and I think this is a
really great moment to double down on
civic participation and on all the ways
that you know the Democratic traditions
that are under attack and that's how you
fight back and that's how you fight for
these children Janet
well what you're seeing here is in that
audio manifesting the policy of
separating families that is immoral
inhumane and indefensible and despite
President Trump its effort to sow
confusion and to outright lie about it
he and attorney general sessions on this
policy and owned the power to end it and
we need to make that very clear we also
need to understand that what we're
seeing play out here is Trump's efforts
as he goes up to the hill as he engages
Congress really carrying out a strategy
that intends to hold these children as
hostage for Congress to give him what he
wants the billions of dollars for his
border wall and billions more dollars to
create a mass deportation force and so
obviously that is a morally bankrupt
position and we're seeing that play out
we do have the ability to push back on
this we need to make sure that Congress
is held accountable in not funding these
policies let me play for you secretary
Nielsen today for your response
we take allegations of mistreatment
seriously and I want to stress this
point we investigate we hold those
accountable when and if it should occur
we have some of the highest attention
standards in the country claiming these
children and their parents are treated
inhuman inhumanely is not true your
response well she also said over the
weekend that children weren't being
separated from their parents and we know
that that's not true we've seen this
administration try to confuse you have
the president saying it's the Democrats
fault
sessions saying the
this policy is inspired biblically
Steven Miller saying it's supposed to be
a deterrent they're not owning this
policy but the reality is is it lands
squarely at their feet and they have the
power to end it and we need to keep the
public pressure on that point you know
secretary Nielsen said some of these
things in her next congressional hearing
she could be brought up on on perjury
very likely because there's such blatant
lies knowing lies obvious lies and yet
their lives stacked up against the
administration also saying it's a
deterrent which shows they also think
this is a thing they're really doing on
purpose we've actually heard reports for
months now that they were going to do
this that they were looking for another
way a series of escalating
anti-immigrant stances to activate their
base which you have to remember Donald
Trump's entire campaign was really
organized around this anti-immigrant
rhetoric that that conflates anyone who
crosses the border with the kind of
criminal who would be in an ms-13 gang
right that is the rhetorical move that
he makes I do just want to say that
there is we can do something I mean I
think your point Mara was really really
great that the part of his strategy is
to make us feel like we are helpless
that's exactly what you know women who
have been stopping me on the street have
said we feel helpless there's a web site
families Vong together org that's the
hashtag that's been trending nationally
for almost a week now I think later on
today there's going to be a big
announcement about a huge action that
everyday Americans can take place can
take part on January 30th because this
is one of those moments like the Muslim
ban here in New York where people just
wanted to go straight to the airports
people want to go to the site of the
pain and bear witness as members of
Congress have but also just say that
this is not who we want to be and I
think it's really important that we
remember we do have the power and there
are great organizations helping make
sure that our our voices can be heard
and organizing us into protest at this
moment hey I'm already melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our youtube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
