you know Donald Trump seems sometimes
like the most culture obsessed president
in modern times so it may be pretty
painful for him to see so many cultural
leaders blast him over everything from
police brutality NFL to what we've been
discussing tonight this policy about
splitting families at the border and the
biggest moment in the culture right now
is definitely relevant to today's
politics a rare joint album from the
most famous power couple in music
Beyonce and jay-z art is so big they've
drawn strong reactions from Trump and
Obama alike she can't get anybody to go
to her rallies so she gets jay-z do you
like hip-hop of course who do you like
you know I gotta admit lately I've been
listening to a lot of jay-z I mean this
this new American gangster album is
tight that's Jay as for Beyonce she's
become more than a musician in American
life she's often called on to embody
America itself headlining the Superbowl
halftime show and joining the ranks of
Aretha Franklin and Frank Sinatra to
sing at a presidential inauguration
now recently Beyonce and Jay have
released their own albums documenting
his cheating and the arc of their
marriage but now they've unleashed a
joint album everything is love that
celebrates their journey they literally
sing can't believe we made it and if you
have not seen this yet what you're about
to see which a lot of people are talking
about is what it looks like when you
take two works of art immerse them in
more works of art to create a new work
of art
this album tackles a ride wayne's of
issues Beyonce touting the importance of
generational wealth
she says her great-great grandchildren
will ensure a lot of brown children on
your Forbes list she packs all kinds of
layers of references citing in fact a
classic moment when a rapper demanded
respect on his name
listen respect on my name and she says
give me my check
put some respect on my check or pay me
in equity pay me in equity the first
equity is about pay equity for women the
second is about getting more than a
paycheck and getting paid in an equity
ownership stake meanwhile jay-z who
campaigned for Obama when he was a
senator using this new album to attack
Trump's hypocritical complaint that Jay
uses swear words rapping your president
tweeting about home like he knows us my
road to the top was to take with you OS
I give an F what that man Trump find
vulgar just look in my eyes when you
toast us now for more on how this whole
album came together we turn to two
people who produced four of the songs on
the album cool & Dre they've worked with
jay-z and beyonce in Paris and have
produced four other artists like Fat Joe
DJ Khaled and Lil Wayne I'm also joined
by Danielle Belton editor-in-chief of
The Root thanks to everybody cool & Dre
everyone is talking about this what was
it like working on the album what are
your highlights and what should people
who haven't heard it yet no oh man first
of all always good to be on the show my
favorite shows on MSNBC thank you um
yeah and then the album was amazing to
work on to be in the same room with
these two genius talent level artists
you know arguably the best in both
fields as far as Beyonce and jay-z was
surreal it was like a life-changing
experience and on this album is amazing
like you know it's being received so
well we just we feel very fortunate to
be a part of it and go ahead both of you
anything dad yeah oh yeah I mean like
Jay said I mean basically this this we
we've been doing this for a long time
and this experience is definitely some
difference just being in Paris on the
way to have the studio set up like they
literally had owners boxes in the
stadium so we're like making music and
looking to the looking to the right or
to the left you see the stage with all
the lighting and all that was just it
was just a lot of inspiration to work
work off of and you know when they came
in and then I heard the music and when
it did their thing to it it was just
another level Danielle what is this
album mean particularly when you think
of the role of Beyonce oh my goodness
it's been so amazing just to watch our
transformation over the years what I
think of the first jay-z and Beyonce
collaboration that I loved which was
crazy and love to now the amount of
growth that she's made both as a singer
and the fact that she's opened up her
lives to us like these songs are
autobiography it's like oh I was like
reading a book that's set to music about
her marriage about her family about her
kids it's really poignant and I'm
impressed by it
take a listen you mentioned
autobiographical and this is something
that people I think are both intrigued
by but so hard to relate to how much of
this is out there with their marriage
this was jay-z talking about it in a
recent interview as therapy we were
using out with our I almost like a
therapy session and we started making
music together what does it mean to
women the way she's dealt with the
problems in their marriage well I think
it's it's in words when you someone as
powerful and as beautifulness talent as
Beyonce it really humanizes her the fact
that this is something that a lot of
women go through where they're in a
long-term relationship a partner might
stray and you have to decide whether
you're gonna stay or you think though
are you going to work on it and grow
together or is it timed it's like split
up and fall apart and Beyonce obviously
decided to double down on her marriage
she loves jail it's like kind of evident
in every song Jay loves her like
fact that on Chris Richards with the
Washington Post is a pop culture pop
music critic they're basically said
they're each other's favorite rappers
you know she's spitting bars on this
album and it's incredible
and it's he writes that he's easier to
relate to jay-z because obviously he's a
Beyonce fan too he I believe he's
hardcore Dre on that point because you
got you guys were in there and as a part
of this to win four songs is it's no
small measure I want to read one of the
lines this is this is from 7:13 you kept
me up on the phone while you were away
you came back I let you set the date no
boo on the plate
I brought my dude to play it cool my
first foolish mistake do you have any
insights into that exchange about their
memories of their first date
yeah I remember like yesterday Jay
called us into the room to hear the song
seven one three and originally it was
just supposed to be like a hard Club
beat but Beyonce told him that she
wanted to do like a hardcore love song
so he pulled this record up and when he
cut it he called us into the studio to
hear it and when we heard the verse
before he did anything like yo I've
never ever spoke on how like me and
Beyonce how we met and anything so he's
like this is gonna be crazy
so when he let us hear it he was just
like yo can you believe like I brought
one of my homeboys to like our first
date because I was trying to like play
cool and we have someone named cool with
us but I guess put the follow-up to you
cool
how would it ever be cool to bring a guy
friend to a first date I mean you know
it makes for a great song you know I'm
saying but it was real it was real and
he was like y'all brought my man just
you know to kind of like make things
cool but it was the worst thing thanks
Ali really about the last three albums
by jay-z and Beyonce is that
traditionally they've been such private
people they really kept how they felt
about everything to themselves whether
it was their their marriage
in some cases their politics and in the
recent years they've really just let it
all out there and put it out there now
open for the public to consume and to
make a choice one way or the other about
it and it's super it's so impressive and
it's so relatable I've found it a lot
easier to get into their music
their latter music than it was when I
was younger when they were doing when
Beyonce was doing much more popular when
it was more about perfection exactly
speak - speak - Danielle's point Dre and
whether you saw that in the way they
approached the art or working with them
on this album the idea that they're now
at a stage as parents as business
leaders where they're more interested in
in discussing attainable imperfection
that you can live with or that's real
then maybe I don't know fake perfection
I mean you know I you know J&B
their music is always based in reality
that's one thing we always appreciate
about it but you know the one thing we
notice now is that they're very very
conscious about you know the power that
they have the influence they have and
they want to make sure that the music
they create now right you know has has
some positive lasting effects and the
one thing that we really respect about
him these guys both of them they have so
much going on in their life just working
with them as they prepared for the tour
that the multitasking that they were
doing right was just unbelievable like
you know Jason is running yeah he's
running Roc Nation sports of rock nation
and now poolman Beyonce's running Park
Twitter and all that and doing the tour
together and still finding time to get
in the studio four to three hours to cut
music in it right you know yeah I got to
do what I did to an earlier guest and
say senator call Harris is now I'm told
seated so I got to get her in as well we
had a lot of important people cool & Dre
as we say in the newsroom big fan so
thanks for coming on and dome thank you
thanks hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
