Donald Trump may finally be reaping what
he has so by reducing every debate to
black and white good versus evil
today he finds himself on the wrong side
of history and at odds with former first
lady Laura Bush former first lady
Michelle Obama a united and energized
Democratic Party and the few Republicans
in this country who are still in
possession of their spines and their
souls the Trump administration today
doubling down in its policy of forcibly
separating children from their parents
at the border former first lady Laura
Bush in an extraordinarily rare rebuke
of a policy and a sitting president
accurately describes the Trump policy as
quote warehousing children in converted
box stores and writes quote I live in a
border state I appreciate the need to
enforce and protect our international
boundaries but this zero tolerance
policy is cruel it is immoral and it
breaks my heart she adds these images
are eerily reminiscent of the
japanese-american internment camps of
World War two now considered have been
one of the most shameful episodes in US
history former CIA director General
Michael Hayden goes even further
comparing these scenes at the border to
Nazi concentration camps tweeting quote
this is BER canal then Germany now
Poland no one who now walks through that
portal on that sighting can casually
believe that civilized behavior is
guaranteed in response the Trump
administration deflecting blame but
owning the hardline policy immigration
is the fault and all of the problems
that we're having because we cannot get
them to sign legislation we cannot get
them even to the negotiating table and I
say it's very strongly the Democrats
fault you see about child separation you
see what's going on there but just
remember a country without borders is
not a country at all we need borders we
need security we need safety they could
be murderers and thieves and so much
else so we want a safe country and it
starts with the borders and that's the
way it is
or they could be infants torn from their
mother's arms we'll hear how the press
secretary answers questions on this any
moment but first to get a started NBC's
Jacob Soboroff is outside the border
patrol central processing center in
McAllen Texas where he's been doing
remarkable reporting on this story from
the beginning White House reporter for
The Washington Post
Ashley Parker joins us and here at the
table MSNBC political analyst Michael
Steele former chairman of the RNC Eli
Stiles White House reporter for the Los
Angeles Times and Doug thornell a former
senior adviser for the DNC because we
started with Laura Bush let me start
with you Michael Steele as a sitting
first lady Laura Bush rarely engaged in
policy or politics and at the depths of
george w bush's least popular hours as
president her a public approval remained
i think in the high 90s yeah so she has
influence and she uses her voice very
rarely what did you think when you saw
her comment I thought it was a very
powerful rebuke and I thought it was a
very profound moment in terms of
national republican voice that given all
the folks who have titles and positions
in Washington and around the country
hers is a former first lady stood out
the loudest and the strongest and quite
honestly the bravest to push back what
is a reprehensible policy and it spoke
in a way that reminded of us of how
strong she was as the first lady going
back to the those dark days you were
talking about in in the bush term when
the numbers weren't there but also why
why would she have so much respect
because she would often times in
critical moments bring that that mother
that sense of a woman a parent and in
someone who has a soul to a particular
situation as she did with with her
comments today Ashley Parker I think the
other way to describe it is she spoke to
America's humanity and I remember after
9/11 she was the first figure who went
out she went on television the next
morning and talked to parents about how
to had to talk to their children about
not being afraid hers was the first
voice that that we presented to the
country the morning after 9/11 I wonder
if there is a single person that you've
come in
tucked within the White House who has
any discomfort with what's happening at
the border yes they they do or some of
them do and if you sort of watch
everyone in this White House is even
there public comments quite carefully
you see that they are trying to not
break with the president who has a very
tough on immigration line but also
trying to reflect their own kind of
personal view because as Laura Bush
articulated so well it's not just an
issue of politics or policy but one of
moral conscience and so you do have some
people going out there even publicly and
kind of saying you know you even saw the
first lady for instance saying that the
families should not be separated from
their children parents should not be
separated from their children you saw
Kellyanne Conway counselor to the
president publicly trying to hedge a
little bit and saying that you know and
no one really thinks this is a good idea
of course that's not purely true there
are some people in the administration
who also conversely both publicly and
privately will say this is a good idea
this is the rule of law this is working
as a deterrent so it is mixed but this
is an incredibly difficult issue for
them on a level of again politics policy
and humanity and it's something they're
all grappling with how to handle it
Jakob's our review moved from the
facility to the border tell us the story
of the human toll obviously the most
important part of this story look what I
saw yesterday Nicole and then and that's
what's that's what stuck with me is the
inside of this processing center at the
McAllen Border Patrol station this is
the epicenter of where this is all going
down the conversation that's happening
back in Washington so often is
disconnected from the reality and the
facts on the ground and the ground in
this instance isn't McAllen Texas this
is the place that has the most Border
Patrol apprehensions they happen right
there at the ends I'll do is bridge
behind me almost every single day and by
the virtue of the traffic that comes
through here that means the most child
separations are now happening here and
we're looking at some of those pictures
you know on the screen of the mylar
blankets and the cage fences I mean this
conversation about there are no cages
I'll tell you right now there are cages
I saw them with my own eyes and they
look like dog kennels and there's no
other way to describe them there are
children that are alone and
there's an increasing number of children
alone in them as a direct result of the
Trump administration policy to separate
children from their parents and it's not
only putting these children in HHS
facilities on their own taking parents
and putting them in federal prison but
it's putting a stress on the staff at
these centers and that's what Border
Patrol agents are telling me there were
four social care workers in this one
Center where we're looking at the cages
on the screen and that's for social care
workers for kids that are left alone by
their parents and it could be in the
hundreds and that number is only going
up it is a it is a building crisis in
slow motion real-time Jacob can you
debunk a few things that are swirling
around on social media in other places
there are people asking where are the
girls and where are the youngest
children we can't tell you for sure
because the Department of Health and
Human Services which actually
administers the shelter's has only led
us into two one in El Cajon California
and the other one over in Brownsville
about an hour away from here where I was
late last week and the one in
Brownsville was only boys between the
ages of 10 years old and 17 years old
and the one Malka home was also young
boys for the most part at least that's
what NBC News saw when we went in there
so the Health and Human Services which
by all accounts offers pretty good
service to these children and pre
respectable facilities just hasn't been
as transparent as we would like them to
be and granted they're dealing with an
influx of people 11,000 kids plus are in
their care right now and that number is
only going up but the world wants to
know where where the toddlers that this
that this program is separating where
are the young girls that this program is
separating we have not seen them I've
seen the boys with my own eyes but I
haven't seen the girls and I haven't
seen the toddlers and nobody's let me
get in to see that yet something else
I've seen in some of the coverage is
that they're not permitted to touch
these children is that true yet is true
and this is very this is all very
complicated because these kids are
effectively incarcerated and the rules
even if they're in a shelter by name are
bound by you know certain strict
policies and one of them is one that's
designed to protect children from sexual
assault when they're incarcerated and so
that policy was never designed to be
administered in a scenario where
children are step
from their parents as a matter of
systemic policy by a presidential
administration so when you have little
kids that are ripped away from their
parents and their caregivers can't give
them a hug or pick them up or even
change their diaper if that's something
that they need because of a policy
designed for something completely
different you get into this situation
like the one that we're in right now at
which again by all accounts including
medical professionals it will create
extreme trauma that lasts for a lifetime
in these kids it was it was a sickening
thing for me as a father between a
half-year-old to be inside that facility
yesterday and see these little kids and
know that some of them may sit there for
24 hours before they're picked up and
their parents are gone to go to Health
and Human Services
Jakub stay stay up with us and and jump
in if we get if we stray from any of the
facts I think we should stay in the
facts their appalling enough and and and
we hope Sarah Huckabee Sanders will have
some answers in our in our hour and we
like your help fact-checking all that
but Eli let me let me be a little bit
more Laura Bush's piece to you she
writes Americans pride ourselves on
being a moral nation on being the nation
that sends humanitarian relief to places
devastated by natural disasters or
famine or war we pride ourselves on
believing that people should be seen for
the content of their character not the
color of their skin we pride ourselves
on acceptance if we are truly that
country then it is our obligation to
reunite these detained children with
their parents and to stop separating
parents and children in the first place
that is the opposite of what is
happening what Jacob has described as
the incarceration of children and
children whose diapers aren't getting
changed because they're being treated
like criminals who they can't touch
right the people in this administration
were defending this policy don't want to
acknowledge the fact that these are
children they talk about this very
clinical terms they talk about this
being a matter of law and order we're
enforcing the law these laws have been
on the books for a long time they don't
want to focus on the children there's
something important though to notice
here this is not a president obviously
who has been moved or has really seemed
to care about carrying the mantle of
moral leadership that has defined this
presidency
throughout history up until the 45th
president he hasn't been moved by claims
of where America we need to lead and set
an example for the rest of the world but
he is a president who maybe more than
any of his predecessors is a media
figure a tell of
president this presidency has been
compared to a television show and if
anything is capable of moving them to
relent you already see the president
changing his story first it was the
Democrats fault he also said today what
we're doing this because we don't want
the immigrant influx of migrants that
we've seen in Europe he's starting to
change his story and if anything well I
think move this president in this
administration and perhaps Republicans
in Congress to come up with solution
it's the fact that all of this is now
being broadcast wall-to-wall on
television people are seeing the images
it's harder to ignore the fact that
we're talking about really young kids
here and I think you know even some of
the statements that were sent out today
Ben Sasse Republican senator from
Nebraska he included that still image of
that little girl next car in tears soda
John Kasich in his statement Republicans
people who are opposed to this policy
they appreciate the power of images to
change the narrative to affect change
and this president for all the things we
say and we know about him he definitely
is susceptible to what he knows is that
the prevalent media narrative on
television and reactive to that often
times hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
