well I mentioned earlier that first lady
Melania Trump released a statement
essentially hitting back on the policy
of separating migrant children from
their parents former first lady Laura
Bush was more direct in a guest op-ed
for the Washington Post writing in part
quote I appreciate the need to enforce
and protect our international boundaries
but this zero tolerance policy is cruel
it is immoral and it breaks my heart and
then there were these comments that
caught our eye from former CIA director
General Michael Hayden who we have a
great deal of respect for he tweeted
this photo of Nazi Germany's Birkin L
concentration camp with the caption
quote other governments have separated
mothers and children he also tweeted a
quote no one who now walks through that
portal on that sighting can actually can
casually believe that civilized behavior
is guaranteed David Ignatius there are a
lot of strong voices out there who are
comparing this to an experience with the
Nazis my concern is that it gives fodder
for the Fox News hosts who are Stooges
for President Trump to hide behind a
different argument to actually use that
to not have to talk about the truth that
babies and children are being separated
from their mothers at the border and
this is a trump policy so I worry we
have to stick to the facts here because
while this may have similarities it's
different until we know more and it is
its own reality of of hatred and of
despair for these children and I'm sure
we can come up with our own name at some
point having said that to hear general
Hayden using that analogy what does that
tell you about exactly what's going on
at the border again being executed by
this president president Trump's policy
I mean I don't think general Hayden is
is saying that
we're Nazis that that this
administration is Nazi like but by
raising this historical image he's
warning us what happens to a society
when it begins to lose its empathy when
when people because of intense political
disagreements stop being able to see
life from a standpoint of those who were
suffering I think for many Americans
looking at the picture that we've all
seen and that little girl in her red
jumper in tears separated for her mother
was just one of those moments you
couldn't look at that and not think
there's something really wrong here I
want to do something about this and I
think that feeling thank goodness has
spread beyond Democrats and into the
Republican Party you can't be more
emphatic than Laura Bush was you said
Susan Collins uneasiness and having to
defend this you sense that from the
Secretary of Homeland Security so we are
still a country where these images of
suffering of the caring for other human
beings matter and I just think it's
we're gonna need enough public pressure
that the president has to look at this
and do something different because
Republicans will demand it if
Republicans don't voice that feeling
that's out in the country this is wrong
I want to believe they'll pay a price
for it I'm gonna just beg I mean I will
make a plea to Republicans this morning
that it is on you to speak out we need
to hear from you what exactly does this
president need to do to get you to step
up what is it how bad does it have to
get you know Nick Nick pointed out there
are three actually corker flake
Susan Carly those three could tip the
balance on almost anything this
president wants to do or not do all they
have to do is use their voice it's not
just that them like it's the American
voter the American voter has to if you
called at least this is very well if you
get calls in the congressional offices
those people react they start to panic
and when the president goes this week to
the meet with the GOP the GOP needs to
say to them mr. president we're hearing
from our constituents we can't we it is
the voters who are ultimately overwhelm
what the president says you don't want
to be attacked by a president that's
that's fine you want to be attacked by
your voters that's worse and so people
have to let's remember who these people
are these aren't people coming here on
welfare these are mostly women who are
traveling over land to save their
children's lives and they are getting
ripped from their their children are
getting ripped from their from their
from their mother's arms
it's a ridiculous it's it's just
outrageous and it's shameful and I don't
when compared to Nazi Germany I think
that's a step too far but it is
something that will go down in our case
as shameful yeah it's a step in the
wrong direction that is for sure I think
that we can safely say so again I ask as
we go to break what exactly does this
president need to do to get you to use
your voice and I guess I speak to the
voters but especially to Republicans who
could make a difference coming up a
Morning Joe federal prosecutors are
putting together the pieces literally in
the case against Michael Cohen the new
developments on those shredded documents
seized from the president's fixer are
just ahead plus Mitch McConnell channels
Rudy Giuliani in telling Bob Muller to
wrap it up are you kidding we'll have
the latest on the Special Counsel
investigation and later Steve Bannon
lies about President Trump not lying
that very surreal interview with the
former White House strategist you're
watching Morning Joe we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
