every president every party has left
their fingerprints on the state of our
immigration system today the Reagan
administration's amnesty policy drew
widespread backlash and still gives some
conservatives pause today the Bush
administration had its faults the Obama
administration struggled to handle a
spike in migrations amid mass
deportations but at the moment the
current administration is separating
families from their children at our
border with Mexico not because of the
law but because this administration has
chosen to do so so far despite nearly
2,000 children being separated from
their families what's missing from this
story are a flood of images of these
young children it was images of children
after all that spurred the president to
change course in Syria so far this young
toddler has become the face of this
policy stop and look at her for just a
moment and remember that there are
thousands thousands of other faces that
we have not seen that's in part because
cameras have been granted such limited
access to the facilities where these
children are being held let's go live
now to MSNBC is Jacob Soboroff in
McAllen Texas
Jacob you have been one of the very few
journalists allowed to see one of the
facilities where these migrant children
are being held tell us what it is that
we can't see
so Casey this building behind me is
nondescript but it is probably the
epicenter of this entire conversation
that we are having this is the border
patrol central processing center in
McAllen Texas called Ursula and inside
there right now there are 1200 detainees
and more young children have been
separated from their parents inside that
building as their parents leave the
building and anywhere else along the
southern border and that is because this
sector the Rio Grande Valley sees more
apprehensions more people trying to
cross illegally than anywhere else and
inside this building today we got inside
with another group of journalists for
the first time and what we saw off
frankly is as shocking as everything
else that we have been seeing and I want
to be really clear what's happening
inside that building in terms of people
being detained inside cages and way by
the way we're allowed to bring our
cameras in but we were given handout
photos from Customs and Border
Protection and maybe we can show you
some of those if we have them right now
people have been detained inside
buildings like this in this building for
a long time but this is the first time
since this is the first time ever that
children have been separated on a
systematic basis look at those photos
right there from their parents and that
is because of the Trump administration
people in here are locked up in cages
essentially what look like animal
kennels I don't know any other way to
describe it and and strangely the
Washington Post gave Senator Jeff
Merkley what they call three Pinocchio's
for saying the kids are locked up in
cages in here that's exactly what I saw
today what's different than what was
going on in this building during the
Obama administration is the systematic
separation of children from their
parents under the zero-tolerance policy
and in this sector alone there have been
over 1,100 kids separated from their
parents since the policy began we know
2000 since early April across the entire
southern border so it's a massive amount
coming out of here in this building what
happens is parents get ready to leave
the building and they don't know if
they're going to ice family detention
with their children or if they get to
bring their children with them or if
they're gonna go to the courthouse and
get charged and ultimately they're
basically given a piece of paper they're
taken to the courthouse their children
are left behind here and they don't know
when they're going to see their children
ever again frankly I don't think that
you
they're supposed to call this phone
number and figure out the details and
that's something that supposed to get
explained to them but there is there's a
big mess going on right now and even the
Border Patrol inside this building says
they're over staffed they don't have
enough resources the system is just
getting stressed out because the Trump
administration decided to put this into
place and the consequences really
haven't been worked out and and the
biggest consequence of all is thousands
of young children in a way that has
never been done before taken from their
parents and when you hear the Trump
administration say this has been done
before there's a Democrat policy this is
not unusual that's BS frankly Jacob were
you able to talk to any of the children
in the facility or get a sense for for
what it was like for them and and and
how how quickly is there any warming for
these people and you said they're just
handed a piece of paper what what
dictates what's on that piece of paper I
mean how is is it
I just I'm stuck on this idea of how
terrified people must be walking up to
receive whatever piece of information is
going to tell them whether or not
they're gonna be allowed to stay with
their kids yeah there was a there was a
mother in tears there today as the group
of journalists sort of came around
during we were asked not to talk to
people inside without the permission of
Border Patrol and there were a couple
that we were able to talk to the idea is
by court order they have to be out of
here within 72 hours and these because
it's sort of a hodgepodge of rules and
regulations coming together right now
they're trying to get people out of this
facility as fast as possible if the
parents are going to be charged they're
trying to get them either they're trying
to get them over to the federal court as
fast as possible to try to get the kids
out of here as fast as possible into
facilities run by Health and Human
Services but these scenarios are coming
up that we're finding out about where a
parent for instance might be charged and
by the way the truck ministration again
wants to charge a hundred percent of the
people that come into this country
illegally right now in this sector
they're saying that that number and the
separations are around forty percent
with the goal of charging everybody
there are scenarios where a parent might
leave go to the federal courthouse be
charged and sentence with time served to
come back to this building behind me and
their kids already gone and they're
already into the HHS
and then they don't know how to find
their child and they don't know when
they're gonna find their child and they
don't know where to find their child and
so there are these inconsistencies in
the way that this is all playing out
that's just making these terribly
painful and irrational situations that
seem like they could be put together in
a way that it just really makes more
sense Jacob Soboroff live in Texas thank
you so much for spending your father's
day to bring us this story here great
reporting and I'm sure we'll talk to you
again soon I want to welcome my panel
here with me on set the founding
president of voto Latino an MSNBC
contributor Maria Teresa Kumar Pulitzer
prize-winning White House bureau chief
for The Washington Post an MSNBC
political analyst Phillip Rucker and NBC
News intelligence and national security
reporter Kendall a nian Maria Teresa
Kumar I want to start with you on this
story that we started off with Jacob
there has been a lot of dissembling from
Trump administration officials but as
Lindsey Graham said in the last couple
of days the Trump administration could
stop this with a phone call if they
wanted to absolutely this is a decision
actually that was formulated when John
Kelly was head of DHS he may say he's he
threw it out there and then it stuck and
such and literally put it into play in
May this is something that he can not
only do overnight but then also let's
look at Mitch McConnell and let's look
what over at Paul Ryan they also have a
legislative camp calendar that they can
control there are two pieces of
legislation right now that they could
also basically say they get into today
but something that we need to end to
score all that 90% of these individuals
right now that are being charged that
you're being charged with a misdemeanor
in April the Supreme Court ruled that
immigrants can be held indefinitely
without bail
so it not only is it messy but it's
almost a lining to ensure that these
individuals are incarcerated for as long
as possible and they're doing it for
things that actually for for
misdemeanors that actually do not make
sense the extent of this cruelty is an
unimaginable they've also been reporting
that in in San Diego even siblings have
been separated and they could only they
can only see each other once a week
there's no rhyme or reason for what's
happening we're experiencing right now
at the border is not normal immigration
patterns it's not for economic reasons
these are refugees and I would like to
remind the American people
well that we set that we set the
standard we actually crafted the human
rights laws that were right now the rest
of the world practices last week the UN
said that what we're doing to children
is in violation of their rights
Phillip Rucker what's going on behind
the scenes at the White House around
this I mean it on the one hand you have
officials like Jeff Sessions who's going
out there being very very clear the
president is out there blaming Democrats
Melania not true which is not true very
important not true this is again a trump
administration policy stop with a single
pharrell Melania Trump is saying that we
have to have policies with heart
quote/unquote you can see her statement
there she believes we need to have a
country that follows all laws but also a
country that governs with heart where is
the president on this and whether this
should continue well it's this weekend
it's become a real political crisis as
well as a humanitarian crisis that
threatens to spiral out of control for
the president he said Friday he talked
to reporters Friday on the North Lawn of
the White House and said he doesn't like
the policy of separating children from
their parents and he blamed it on
Democrats that's not true it's not the
Democrats fault as we've said and the
White House is grappling with over the
weekend how to deal with it and there's
they don't have an easy answer for it
Kellyanne Conway counselor for the
president really struggled on Meet the
Press earlier this morning to defend
this policy she said as a Catholic as a
mother she doesn't like to see what's
happening there we're hearing more and
more about what's happening inside those
detention centers like with Jacobs
report my colleagues the post had a
story this weekend about a young girl
separated from her parents in tears very
emotional about it and the workers the
relief workers inside the detention
facilities are prohibited I've read this
I'm seeing counseling any of these
children they're not allowed to touch
the kids not allowed to hug them not
allowed to comfort them I mean this is a
real problem for the White House to deal
with and we have Tuesday the president
planning to go up to Capitol Hill to
meet with Republican lawmakers there to
try to come up with some sort of
legislative solution but he wants more
than just a fix for this particular
policy he wants funding for that border
wall Kenda lenient I mean the other the
other piece of this a couple pieces the
the homeland security secretary Kristen
Nielsen has reportedly been very
frustrated with this behind the scenes
but of course in public we showed her
tweet earlier where she says we don't
have a policy of doing this yet they are
doing it and also frankly the facilities
our law enforcement is gonna get
overwhelmed pretty quickly yeah by the
sheer number and and what she meant is
that it's not their policy to separate
kids it's their policy to have a
zero-tolerance policy against immigrants
and to arrest everybody crossing
illegally and you know what there's a
lot of people in the Trump base that
support that because it is true that
most countries around the world have a
much less generous immigration policy
than we do and there's a reason these
families from Central America are not
stopping in Mexico they're going to our
border but most Americans are not on
board with this cruel and punitive
policy that stems from current law of
removing these children and if that's
the only way that you can arrest
everybody then you just can't do it
that's what here's a Nelson has been
saying behind scenes joining me now to
talk more about this deputy Majority
Whip and Republican Congressman Tom Cole
of Oklahoma Congressman Cole it's good
to see you tonight thank you for being
here I want to show you some of the
remarks that your colleagues Republican
colleagues in the Congress have had to
say about this topic we've been
discussing the separation of children
from their families at the border first
Paul Ryan the House speaker and then
Senator Lindsey Graham take a look and
we'll talk about it are you comfortable
with the current zero tolerance policy
leading to parents and children being
separated at the border no I'm not this
is because of a court ruling mr. speaker
on that point this is actually a policy
change from the Trump administration for
zero tolerance there's also a court
ruling involved so this is something
that we think should be addressed the
religious leaders have come out and said
that this is inhumane do you agree we
don't want kids to be separated from
their parents President Trump could stop
this policy with a phone call if you
don't like families being separated you
can tell DHS stop doing it
congressman should the president make
that phone call and stop this policy
well I certainly think we shouldn't be
separating young children from their
parents but frankly in this case if you
want to siloam you can go to any embassy
in any country and seek it and we'll
adjudicate it there you can come to a
port of entry and it'll be dealt with
there and again you wouldn't be
separated from your children if you
cross the board early
you run that risk frankly we have surges
like this we had them during the Obama
years I actually had hundreds of young
children held in my district at Fort
Sill Oklahoma ranging from ages 8 to 14
they were well treated they they
specifically grappled with this question
about whether to separate children from
their families and they decided not to
do it and that's how we ended up with
many of these family didn't actually
actually Casey that's not exactly true
when I'm looking at an eight-year-old
kid which I saw in my own district that
person wasn't with their parents now
they may have been separated because
they traveled alone or they traveled in
a group or they were somebody else
so a lot of these cases are not actually
involving a separation and the parents
it's it's a dangerous thing and
discouraging people from traveling
thousands of miles where they can be
exploited and preyed upon and where they
run great physical risk is the right
thing to be doing now we're gonna have
hopefully an opportunity this week to
address this legislatively and fix it I
agree with speaker Ryan this is not a
policy we want to pursue but I have a
lot of sympathy with border agents that
are confronted with thousands of people
and you know don't have any easy
recourse as to what to do with them
again we've housed children for a lot of
years I've seen it myself under multiple
administration's when we get these
summer surges well at the same time I
take your point but I do think it is it
is very distinct and different to have
unaccompanied minors crossing the border
by themselves than to have people
arriving at these detention centers you
mentioned legislation though
comprehensive or or if not comprehensive
then certainly more sweeping immigration
legislation has failed time and time and
time again in the Congress trying to
grapple with so many of these issues all
at once if in fact this compromise
legislation that you all have talked
about fails to pass the house would you
support a narrow immigration proposal to
end this separation of families at the
border I would I'm not for separating
young children from their families
but again you have to understand the the
sheer scope of what we're grappling with
and frankly I would hope people that are
concerned about this would make sure our
borders are more secure and that we
follow the president's four pillars
which I still think are the most
sensible way to deal with some of the
problems that we have in terms of
comprehensive legislation that's
probably not going to happen I frankly
much prefer dealing with things in
several pieces of legislation I think
we'll have that opportunity this week I
hope our friends on the other side of
the aisle help us and I hope Republicans
you know again are supportive of what
the president's trying to do in terms of
securing the border the president hasn't
been a hundred percent clear on this
compromise bill it's been quite muddy
over the course of the past few days
it's your understanding that he would
sign this compromise legislation if it
were to pass that's my understanding and
I get your point I was confused myself
one on Friday but I think the president
gave an impromptu press conference and
may not have understood the question
frankly he's been pretty busy guy
between North Korea and the g7 summit so
he may not have been fully briefed but
he's going to come and visit with us on
Tuesday and I think we'll have an
opportunity to see where he's at it's my
understanding that he would support
either of the two pieces of legislation
the speaker Ryan's the planning to was
into the house but again the idea that
we can solve it in the house in a day
not true anything we do have to go
through the Senate has to be solved by
the or signed by the president so you
want to deal with something it needs to
be bipartisan and you need to have both
chambers and the executive branch and on
the same page
given that the time it takes to do this
do you think the president should make
that this phone call and stop family
separations until you can take ideally
look I am NOT I am NOT for family
separations under any circumstances but
I'm also not for catch-and-release
that is I wouldn't just release the
population either frankly we're on the
verge of being overwhelmed the border
we've had this before we were
overwhelmed when President Obama was
there and as I said we had lots of
centers with young children they eight
years and younger in some cases you know
on their own it's not a good situation I
would hope parents don't put their
children in that situation but certainly
at the parent
there the child is better off with the
parent congressman Cole thank you very
much for coming on to play ball with us
tonight I really appreciate it I'll do
the hill weight around this week thanks
Maria Teresa Kumar your reaction to what
the congressman said well a couple of
things right after the surge took place
in 2014 with the president you if you
recall Vice President Biden went down to
Mexico and actually crafted something
with Mexico with the Mexican government
saying how can we actually prevent this
coming we because they saw the research
coming so they were working very closely
with the Mexican authorities we are so
on the wrong side right now with the
Mexican government the Mexican
government is not cooperating the issue
is also not necessarily people from
Mexico because there are different
policies I believe they were but it was
it was part of the that migration so
they were basically providing different
places to stop and actually provide
people relief the challenge though and I
think this is what the American people
have to recognize is that if you are a
mother or a father and you are
traversing literally three to four
countries to get to the border how
terrible is your situation it must be so
terrible that you actually are willing
to risk your life when he's sitting that
when he's mentioning to your point Casey
that he said when he is mentioning that
you found a lot of unaccompanied minors
by themselves it's because an
eight-year-old was put on a bus and said
go that way because it's unsafe here and
it is a much different situation
absolutely which the Congress and we are
actually and we're actually right now in
the overall picture this idea of mass
migration to the United States we're
actually in that neutral that is
actually not the case these people at
the border are not are your common
immigrant they are refugees they are
fleeing violence they're feel at fleeing
desperation hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
