welcome back as we were talking about
president Trump's senior policy advisor
Steven Miller has reportedly played a
big role in the shaping of this
administration's immigration policy in a
new interview with The New York Times
Miller had this to say quote no nation
can have the policy that whole classes
of people are immune from immigration
law or enforcement it was a simple
decision by the administration to have a
zero-tolerance policy for illegal entry
period the message is that no one is
exempt from immigration law you may
recall that Miller has at times made
controversial claims about the sweeping
reach and depth of the president's
executive powers here he is back in
February of 2017 talking about the
president's travel ban the end result of
this though is that our opponents the
media and the whole world will soon see
as we begin to take further actions that
the powers of the President to protect
our country are very substantial and
will not be questioned so Eli still
calls he pretty much made the point you
were making earlier in that Times
interview he said this was our this was
our idea this was our decision we're
gonna knock that we're gonna have a
zero-tolerance policy at what point does
this become though and you know I want
to be careful in kind of how we talk
about this because we're talking about
real people who are having a really very
difficult and terrible time but clearly
this administration has found political
advantage in taking on these emotional
issues pushing these buttons is there a
point at which though this becomes a
political crisis for the White House
something that they need to turn back I
don't know if it will impact support for
the president but going into the
midterms I have talked with Republican
consultants in the last few days as this
has gotten more and more attention and
they're concerned about this they're
concerned about what this does in terms
of galvanizing voters in these swing
congressional districts suburban women
who don't like these images on TV and I
think that you know it's a long time the
elections still a long ways away from
now it seems crass to talk about this in
terms of the politics and the impact on
the election but I do think that you're
starting to see members of Congress say
we don't like this policy they're not a
lot of people who are defending this
policy there are some people in the
administration who have gone on record
or on background
look this is a deterrent we're doing
this at the same time that the president
Kelley and Conway and others are trying
to sort of walk away from it and put
this on the Democrats but I think
muddling it makes it less clear if the
White House is successful at muddling
who's actually responsible and if people
out there say I don't care who's
responsible I just want members of
Congress somebody to fix it then both
sides may be blamed for this ultimately
it's hard to say clearly what will
happen guys see so you were making the
point as we were coming into this that a
lot of these suburban house districts
the the competitive districts are in
places where this story might really
resonate I think so I mean look there
are mothers and fathers all across the
country watching these images and I
think you know the only muddling that's
happening on the part of the White House
is muddling ms-13 and these gangs with
what is really happening which is we
have asylum seekers who are the victims
of violence who are the victims of gangs
in their country who are coming to our
border they are seeking asylum and they
are being turned away they're not being
allowed to enter into the country to go
through the normal channels the way that
the administration says they are they're
being forced to go to other border
crossings and then they're being
arrested and separating from their kids
and in many cases they're being
immediately deported but their children
are still housed in these ten cities I
mean there's multiple documentation of
the kids being not only separated but
being kept while the parents return and
I just don't believe that Americans are
gonna look at these images and say gosh
the administration is making the right
decision but the policy is in fact the
right thing to do for the protection of
our country to abuse and to hold hostage
and cause permanent damage to seven and
eight year old kids a couple weeks ago
Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon tried to
gain access to Casa Padre the converted
Walmart now holding nearly 1,500 migrant
children who have been separated from
their parents at the border this week we
learned that nearly 2,000 children have
been separated from their parents at the
border in just the last six weeks that
is thanks to this zero tolerance policy
implemented by the Trump administration
now Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley of
Oregon is back in Brownsville at these
border detention centers along with his
colleague Democratic Senator Chris Van
Hollen and they join me now gentlemen
it's a nice to see both of yous as a
different
locale and the one in which we are
normally talking to each other in the
halls of the Congress but I'd like to
hear from both of you what you saw today
whether you were able to get access or
any additional information one question
that my colleague Jacob Soboroff has
raised in his reporting is that you know
one of the Centers he saw there were
young boys but it's not clear where
young girls or some of the toddlers that
we've seen photos of are being kept so
I'm interested to know what you know
that's new senator Merkley and then if
you if you will chris van hollen as well
you bet thanks so much for paying
attention to this because this is really
an American tragedy that's unfolding
this new policy of ripping children away
from their their parents as a family
seek asylum the facility behind us we
did gain admission to it this is Casa
Padre somewhat ironically named given
that house of the Father and here we are
on Father's Day and yet there are no
father's inside yet in April they had
some 500 kids here now they have almost
1500 this huge surge in kids is a large
part the result of this policy of
separating the children from their
families seeking asylum the American
Academy of Pediatrics said that this
does irreparable harm to children and so
it has to end
Kaycee this is a deliberate policy of
separating parents from their kids we
were just inside this children's
facility where there are many kids who
have been separated from their parents
the kids here are 10 years and older we
were told that a lot of the kids have
been separated from their parents are
under 10 years old and there are other
facilities mostly in this area in fact
some run by this organization I should
stress that the people who are working
here are doing the best to care for
these kids under very difficult
circumstances circumstances handed to
them because of this deliberate policy
of separating kids from their parents
but in other facilities
there are the girls who are under 10 the
boys are under 10 and I do think we all
need to make sure that we're finding
those facilities and taking a look there
as well
HHS the government refused to allow any
of the kids here to talk to us obviously
they're not interested in a lot of
transparency I want to ask you also on
the legislative front in the house there
is a compromise bill on immigration
would deal with dreamers and a series of
other issues but they also were talking
about ending this separation prohibiting
the separation of children from their
parents as part of that legislation
Nancy Pelosi the leader of the House
Democrats essentially came out and said
she needed to see the details but it's
unlikely she could support a bigger
package simply for this one provision do
you think that there's a world in which
either of you and and again just for the
the simplicity I know you guys are
having some technical difficulties we'll
start with Senator Merkley and then to
Van Hollen as well could you support a
package of reforms that included ending
this policy
well certainly it all depends upon the
details Casey but here's what really
bothers me the president came out a
couple days ago and said that part of
the value of his policy of separating
kids and parents is it gives him
legislative leverage it is unacceptable
in my mind I think in the minds and
hearts of any American that someone can
justify a policy of deliberate harm to
children as a way to gain legislative
leverage we need to do right for these
kids regardless of any other pieces of
the immigration puzzle and Casey I think
it's been well established that there's
no law currently that requires President
Trump to do this I mean that has been
shown to be patently false I mean that
is a lie this is a deliberate policy
change which is why you see a sudden
spike over the last six weeks and the
number of kids who are separated from
their parents President Trump could
right now on Father's Day do the right
thing and end the policy and reduce the
number of kids in fact eliminate the
number of kids being torn away from
their parents he could do it today
speaking of in a bill and wouldn't that
be an absolutely great thing to do on
Father's Day
be the right thing to do on Father's Day
be the right thing to do anytime and you
know he should do the right thing by the
American people I think you find in
people across the country regardless of
party saying this is not who we are this
is not American this is inhumane to
underscore to Senator Lindsey Graham
actually said on Friday he could end
this with a simple phone call but I do
want to play for you how President Trump
is framing this what he is saying about
it take a look we'll talk about it
with children being taken away no I hate
it I hate the children being taken away
the Democrats have to change their law
that's their law that's the Democrats
law I'm gonna give you an opportunity to
respond to that in real time he says
that's the Democrats law you know other
presidents when they make decisions they
say the buck stops here they face the
public they say this was my decision
this is why I did it I'm taking
responsibility and I'm going to explain
it not with President Trump President
Trump made this decision with his
advisers planned it over a series of
months implemented it in April announced
it in May 7th through his Attorney
General and then he says it's a result
of some law that was passed by Democrats
well here's a newsflash not true and
I've noticed that so many articles now
when they recite this claim they just
say in the next paragraph of course
that's not true I mean this president
now has no credibility on any issue but
the fact that we can just routinely say
it's not true says says how far we've
we've come in the legitimacy the
argument but no there's no there's no
law that forces this to happen it was an
administrative decision it is a terrible
terrible decision yeah look the
president knows it's unpopular and he
just wants to put it on somebody else
even though this was a deliberate
decision that they made I mean for
goodness sakes we've all read the memo
from his own Justice Department that
lays out this new policy that results in
separating my kids from their parents
it's it's right there and black and
white what President Trump is trying to
do is use something that he could take
care of himself right now to try to get
other changes in immigration law as part
of the process in Congress but that has
nothing to do with his ability to change
this right now and so it really is not
just cynical it is downright cruel and
inhumane to literally hold children
hostage
as part of a larger broader negotiation
on immigration reform when he could
prevent the separation of kids from
their parents today
senators Chris Van Hollen Jeff Merkley
thank you both so much for your time
tonight really appreciate it travel safe
back home thank you thank you Frank oh I
want to give you the last word here just
responds to kind of what the Senators
were laying out there and I mean try to
walk us through how the sentence I mean
I think it's we shall say I mean I agree
completely with Eli that this could be
the moment that kind of breaks the
camel's back that this could be the
thing where people step up and force a
change of the Trump administration but
as we've seen in the past they have not
done that when he talked about the
Mexico when he reigns started running
for president he talked about Mexicans
bringing back bringing their racists and
their worst here he continues to read
that snake poem that just talks about
immigrants coming act quite acquitting
immigrants to snakes possibly biting
people who are sympathetic to them
so this is an issue that is obviously
not going to go away but it's certainly
not going to be finished in the next
week when they start doing boats corneas
thank you so much for your time tonight
really appreciate it hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
