maybe I'm Windell does your son taking
how does one feel when your child is
taken from you welcome back to am joy
heart-wrenching stories and images of
thousands of children being separated
from their parents at the border are
sparking outrage across the country the
White House is doubling down on the
false claim that it's the Democrats who
are responsible also at times ironically
justifying their policy as biblical but
some Democratic lawmakers are fighting
back today going to tour facilities
where migrant children are being held
and leading protests against the policy
and joining me now by phone is Texas
Representative bata O'Rourke a candidate
for the US Senate against Ted Cruz who
in just a few minutes will lead a march
to a tent camp in Tornillo Texas
that's housing immigrant children and
representative of work congressman thank
you so much for joining us please tell
us what you plan to do today and who's
with you I'm with hundreds of my fellow
El Paso wins in a March led by this
community leaders from all over the
community leaders and elected office
leaders who are just everyday citizens
who are stepping up and making sure that
at this critical moment that their
account that they're counted and and
that we bring the attention in the eyes
of this country to Tornillo where kids
who have been taken from their parents
after those parents have made this 2,000
mile journey literally risking
everything to get their kids to safety
to shelter to refuge to seek asylum that
the consequence and the punishment for
doing the most human thing that I can
think of is this inhumane policy of
family separation taking that child from
that mother from that father prosecuting
like
a common criminal those parents while
those kids are shipped off to in this
case this tent city in Tornillo Texas
United States of America this is on all
of us at this moment we'd like to say
this is not America this is not who we
are but right now this is America and
this is who we are and this is what we
are doing so the response the public
pressure has to be brought to bear on
members of Congress to adopt legislation
to stop family separation and to make
sure that we don't try to solve the
problems of the world the problems of
those families at the us-mexico border
forced that on these Border Patrol
agents who should not be put in this
position and instead do the humane the
right what I'd like to think is the
American thing and make sure that those
families are kept together and that
those seeking asylum are allowed to
lawfully petition for asylum and ensure
that we are following our own laws in
the process and Congressman you are a
member of the House representatives
Donald Trump and many many Republicans
his spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders
and others are claiming that is
Democrats and that there is some law on
the books that is requiring these
children to be separated you're in
Congress is there any law that requires
these children to be separated from
their parents if there were a law on the
books it would have been prosecuted by
the George W Bush administration it
would have been implemented by the
Barack Obama administration there's no
such law on the books and to be clear he
has chosen and through his attorney
general enforced 100% zero tolerance
family separation this young 27 year old
mother that I just met at the Border
Patrol station in McAllen who had been
apprehended hours before apprehended
because she turned herself in to a
Border Patrol agent with her
seven-year-old daughter did not try to
flee they're holding hands that
seven-year-old girl and her 27 year old
mother not knowing that within hours
they would be separated holding hands as
they have been for the last three weeks
over the last 2,000 miles she's talking
to me through tears
I asked why didn't you cross at a port
of entry which is the lawful way to
petition for asylum she doesn't know and
furthermore in Reynosa text in Reynosa
Mexico
those cartel
control the crossing points they
determine where she crosses she's just
trying to get that little girl to safety
and and she did not know that within
hours that little girl would be taken
from her she the mother would be
prosecuted then turned over to
enforcement removal operations and sent
back to her country maybe not reunited
with that girl that she made the journey
for in the first place
so no this is at the discretion of the
Trump administration it is cruel it is
inhumane but it is now on all of us
because this is US policy and all of us
must stand up and own it and not
relinquish our agency in this we've got
to do everything we can and that's why
we're in TOR Neil we want to make sure
everyone sees this once it's part of our
conscience it's gonna force attacked
last question to you what is your
opponent senator Ted Cruz has he said
anything at all about this policy he is
for family separation he thinks as does
the administration that this is some way
to deter people from coming to this
country literally punishing young
mothers and fathers and and more
importantly and tragically punishing
their kids the trauma that they are
going to inflict in order to somehow
change people's human decision to leave
suffering and certain death to come to
this country III just you're either for
family separation or you're against it
and I'm absolutely against it and so I
hope is this country thank you Thank You
congressman bethe O'Rourke will be
leading a protest in Tornillo Texas
today who is running against senator Ted
Cruz for the Unites States Senate thank
you sir and joining me now is Maria
Theresa Kamara voto Latino ejd own
columnist at the Washington Post and on
the phone with me now Michael avenatti
he is stormy Daniels attorney but this
morning while we were talking about this
issue of family separation he tweeted
the following if anyone knows a parent
that has had their child taken from them
at the border and not returned please
have them contact me as I am entering
this fight this outrageous conduct must
be brought to an immediate end Michael
thank you so much for calling in you
tweeted that this morning please tell us
what you might be able to do people are
definitely all over my Twitter timeline
asking how they can get in touch with
lawyers who can help so please tell us
how you plan to help sir
well good morning joy thanks for having
me we were first contacted yesterday by
a family whose been separated from their
young child a little girl and so we've
decided to enter this fight in a very
big way and if there's any other
families that are in similar
circumstances we want them to contact us
because we're going to put a significant
amount of resources behind fighting
what's going on here joy I mean this is
an outrage this is not my America it is
not our America it is not what this
country stands for and it's an absolute
disgrace when you have children
separated from their parents and they
take their shoelaces from them so these
children won't paying themselves while
detained I mean this is an outrage all
Americans should be outraged I don't
care if you're on the right and the left
to the center every mother should be
outraged and we have to in this and it
needs to be ended now and Michael you
know as an officer of the court is I
mean as a lawyer as somebody who is a
resident of California which are person
shares a border with Mexico where this
issue is extant
how shocked are you that these families
these moms and dads these kids are not
being given legal representation
well I'm very shocked and it's entirely
improper and you know Joey let me just
say this I mean I'm gonna call it like I
see it because I don't know any other
way to call it if there was a a white
family from middle America that traveled
to another country even if they traveled
there illegally and attempted to enter
that country and have their little girl
or little boy taken from them separated
from them and detained like this this
nation our nation would be outraged
there would be calls to the State
Department to get involved there would
be diplomatic missions this would be
front and center and everyone would be
outraged why is it different because
individuals are trying to come to this
country whether it be for asylum or
other purposes don't get me wrong I
believe in a strong border I think we
have to have a secure border but
regardless of why they come here this is
not appropriate we cannot treat children
this way it is it's outrageous that this
is going on in modern day
America yeah it is it is pretty shocking
I think most people ejg on the
administration from the President on
down have been pretending that this is a
policy that is the Democrats policy
trying to both take credit for it with
their own base and brag about it with
their own base but blame Democrats for
it publicly I want to let you listen to
our own Chuck Todd of Meet the Press and
he had a pretty contentious interview
earlier this morning with Kelly and
Conway counselor to the president about
Donald Trump's immigration policies take
a quick listen Congress passed a law
that it is a crime this is a
congressional law for many years going
to be a crime to enter this country
illegally so if they don't like that law
they should change it if they don't like
then in fact the families together why
can't you find a way to still do use
together why don't you create a family
Detention Center well we had those under
President Obama but the Democrats are
holding up the funding to expand those
--yj your thoughts well you know lies
have become so common in the Trump
administration that I think the only
front-page headlines should be Trump and
administration tells the truth one the
rare occasion that happens because news
is supposed to be about the unusual and
we recall at the beginning of the
administration that there was this big
debate well should this be called lies
should this or that false statement be
called a lie I think we made some
progress people are calling out the lies
but I think that there is this habit of
giving the administration a chance to
spin and that spin then gets a life of
its own even if it's a blatant lie we
know that your W Bush didn't pursue this
policy we know that Barack Obama who was
really tough on immigrants and was
criticized by pro immigration groups
never went to this extreme there is
nothing in the law that requires this
you have sessions has bragged that this
is an incentive for people not to bring
their children here it's really
extraordinary that the news media now
have to struggle with the idea that not
an administration lies occasionally
that's happened before but that the
entire communication strategy of
the administration seems to be built
around getting people to accept things
that are flat-out lies and making that
part of their argument well and also
belligerents Marisa Kumar I want to let
you listen to Sarah Huckabee Sanders
because the other policy is just sort of
disparaging the media for even being
having the temerity to ask questions
since you're not to question them here
is Sarah Huckabee Sanders and her
exchange with Jim Acosta CNN I know it's
hard for you to understand even short
sentences I guess is the product of the
same legal loopholes that Democrats
refused to close and these laws are the
same that have been on the books for
over a decade president is simply
enforcing it's pretty stunning timmmer a
choice that they want the credit for
doing this with their base
Steve Bannon is out there on TV today
bragging about this policy and saying
it's great and they also don't want the
they don't want the responsibility for
the policy they want the Democrats to
bear the responsibility for their ideas
this disturbance there's actually what
the Republican with the term
administration has done from the very
beginning they have always taught from
both sides of their mouth they've always
made sure that their base is getting the
getting the red meat that it needs while
the mainstream media they meet they
sound reasonable the only difference is
that this policy that they implemented
to separate families from children was
basically under their watch and it's now
penetrating the media circle that
usually they control and that is why
they they're gonna have to backtrack but
I have to say this idea that the that
the DEM that the Republicans have been
supporting this policy is also kind of
shocking they cannot they can't put
legislation today that is that is right
now on deck to say that they are going
to stop this policy from the nutrition
and they have chosen not to let's not
forget the administration the
Republicans control every single branch
of government right now it is up to them
to make this policy if they actually do
care about family values and they are
saying loud and clear that there's
different values for different colored
families and that is not okay yeah Paul
Ryan who had who you would think it was
in control of the United States Congress
here he is
sort of woefully decry and I'm sort of
feeling sad about the policy take a
listen we don't want kids to be
separated from their parents I think I
just made that really clear and we
believe because of the court ruling this
will require legislative change Ajay he
can make legislative change he's a
speaking out right where there are bills
out there he could just embrace bills
that would stop the administration from
doing this he could also just have the
guts to tell Donald Trump no this is
wrong I am a Republican speaker and I'm
not going to have the Republican Party
stand for a policy like this he doesn't
do that and even the moderates in the
House who have some of whom have at
least put up a show of trying to get
more reasonable legislation through they
should immediately say if they want to
live up to the moderation that they're
talking about that this policy is
antithetical to what the Republican
Party stands for antithetical to family
values and it's not happening and it's
very depressing to watch what Donald
Trump has done to so many people in his
party party now I think I think that we
have to make very clear Paul Ryan
controls the legislative calendar what
that means is that he chooses what rail
goes before the floor so he is actually
the one that is preventing this policy
from stopping short of Donald Trump
waking up literally right now and saying
you know what we're gonna we're in this
this is too cruel but this is on their
watch this is on their shoulder there's
two people who decide what legislation
gets on the floor are named Mitch
McConnell in the United States Senate
and Paul Ryan house they decide what go
this sort of helplessness is like oh
what can we do you can do everything you
guys control the entire government one
exit question for Michael avenatti
because I'm sure people are tweeting
this at me right now not even looking at
my phone but I know what is happening
how can these families in need get in
touch with with you or your firm is
there an email address they should use
how can people reach out to you the best
bet joy actually is by direct messaging
my Twitter account individually and will
respond to those messages and those
inquiries but I do want to touch on one
thing this whole argument that somehow
this policy was implemented by the Obama
administration
or some other administration in my view
is a complete red herring
you know this president has prided
himself on overturning all kinds of
policies and procedures and and mandates
by the Obama administration over the
last 18 months he's prided himself on
that why would this be any different
even assuming what he says is true which
of course it's not true it doesn't
matter who implemented this policy we
are where we are it needs to be changed
now
you make an excellent point here's the
man who says he can pardon himself says
he cannot do anything about this policy
but his own Attorney General implemented
a marine principle our each a deal and
Michael avenatti thank you all for being
here happy Father's Day on to EJ and
coming up Jim Comey and to Michael
avenatti as well Levy's his dad as well
Jim Comey's back in the spotlight will
tell you why next
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
