once I have kids those personal
ambitions really subsided and I just
focused on policy ambitions and it just
changed my focus in life from career to
family I know look I'm Speaker of the
House it wasn't necessary planning this
but what's more important to me in my
life is my family and I believe I can be
a great policymaker advocating for the
beliefs and the ideals that I have
without sacrificing my higher priority
which is just to have a good family life
well Happy Father's Day and welcome to
am joy to borrow a phrase from my
colleague Rachel Maddow watch what they
do not what they say you just saw Paul
Ryan's tribute to fathers and Families
Ryan and many of his fellow Republicans
the party that used to lay claim to
being the party of Family Values are
indeed many of them fathers and mothers
and grandparents and they say that
they're opposed to the Trump
administration's policy of separating
migrant children from their parents
religious leaders have come out and said
that this is inhumane do you agree we
don't want kids to be separated from
their parents I think this is a terrible
situation I'd like to fix and yet the
immigration bill touted by the House GOP
leadership set to come to the floor this
week only so Paul Ryan can avoid an
embarrassing discharge petition forced
through by members of the House doesn't
even outlaw family separation there is
no language in the bill that clearly
puts an end to the practice of tearing
migrant children away from their moms
and dads when they cross the border
including those seeking asylum the bill
would however allow the government to
detain children for longer leaving the
door open for migrant families to be
detained together indefinitely the bill
would also fulfill a trumpian wish list
of immigration restrictions which the
president has made clear he wants to
trade for the separated children curbs
on family reunification and into the
diversity Visa Lottery and of course
funding for the border wall which
candidate Trump promised his fervent
fans that Mexico would pay for but they
won't
unlike a handful of Republicans in
Congress members of the Trump White
House expressed no misgivings about the
policy and according to the New York
Times both chief of staff John Kelly and
senior adviser Stephen Miller have long
advocated a hard-line approach to
migrant families with Kelly floating the
idea of separating parents and children
as early as March of 2017 ask Steve
Bannon and it becomes clear that this is
what they have always wanted to do we
ran on a policy very simply to stop mass
illegal immigration and limit legal
immigration get our sovereignty back and
to help our workers okay and so he went
to a zero tolerance policy zero
tolerance
it's a crime to come across illegally
and children get separated I mean I hate
to say that's that's the law well since
Republicans won't do it that leaves
Democrats to advocate for these migrant
children Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon
whose first attempt to visit a detention
center in Texas went viral is returning
to the border today with other
Democratic members of Congress and less
than an hour from now congressman and
Texas Senate hopeful bado
O'Rourke is leading a march to a tent
city set up to handle the overflow of
migrant children due to the Trump
administration's zero-tolerance policy
and so since reason has not prevailed
the question is can protest force the
Trump administration to back down and
stop separating migrant parents and kids
perhaps starting on Father's Day
joining me now Maria Teresa Kumar
president and CEO of voto Latino Clare
along senior researcher at Human Rights
Watch and from McAllen Texas
Mariana Atencio MSNBC correspondent in
Mariana I want to start with you you
spoke with the woman who had been
separated from her 18 year old I want to
play a little bit of that interview that
you did and then talk with you about it
on the other end medium when was your
son taken from you what lucky that I'm
not doing
right after we cross the border they
took my son and never saw him again
get that hill wouldn't they tell you
never fit in see that we didn't say
anything about where they were taking
como se sienta condo Nikita tell me how
does one feel when your child has taken
from you my Nana is very hard to watch
that interview and it's hard to believe
that that anyone seeing that couldn't be
completely moved a distraught to think
that this is what you know the United
States of America is doing to families
give us a little bit more of your
reporting on what these families are
going through do they even have the
opportunity to find out where their kids
are joy in the case of Marian that
mother from Honduras who as you saw was
holding little Emily her one-year-old
girl she was completely distraught
because she knew nothing of her 18 year
old son Anderson she didn't even know
where he was or if she could talk to him
on the phone when would be the next time
she would be able to see him and for
that family specifically it was
especially heartbreaking because
Anderson the son had turned eighteen
four days after crossing the border
illegally there from Honduras fleeing
gang violence extremely high levels of
violence in
triangle in Central America on dudas
Guatemala El Salvador two of those
countries have been called the murder
capital of the world for a reason so
these families are already reaching the
southern border traumatized only to find
out that now they have to deal with the
family separation I've also talked to
young kids who've been separated from
their adult male fathers inside the
tension joy one little kid specifically
that I'm all four years old who was
separated from his dad inside detention
for five days and he told me he cried
himself to sleep every night asking
immigration officials where's my dad
where's my dad holding on to this little
wrinkled piece of paper that just had a
phone number it was the only belonging
that he had left from you know his home
country and even though separation in
detention especially as it comes to
adult male fathers and and boys did
happen under Obama these interviews have
given me a glimpse at the trauma that
these children and these parents
especially the fathers on a day like
today father's day are having to endure
and again the trauma doesn't start when
they reach the US border it begins in
their home countries and then making
that long trek north through Mexico to
finally reach the US border hoping to
get some relief some respite and then
finding out that they're going to be
separated and money before I before I go
on to the rest of the panel can I just
ask you are there attorneys present do
you is there any activity ACLU or there
is there anyone trying to intervene
other than these members of Congress
that are coming down on behalf of these
families do they have legal advice
so Congress members will actually be
protesting in front of these the CBP
facility where I'm standing now that is
a Father's Day protest slated for two
p.m. Eastern today but I spoke to more
than two dozen families who many of whom
who have been separated in detention and
they really had no legal advice save for
these nuns at that Catholic Charities
Center where I was yesterday they don't
even speak the language joy they needed
instructions as to how to even get on
the bus with their ankle bracelets most
of them will show up at immigration
courts in the coming days and they
consider themselves the few lucky ones
because at least they were reunited with
their children after being released for
further immigration proceedings from
these detention centers but they know
that you know other families aren't so
lucky and again especially on a day like
today you have to think about the
children and the parents at the core of
this crisis almost 2000 separated in the
span of six weeks just even in the
southern district courts here according
to the federal public defender's office
over 350 children were taken from their
families just in a two-week span of June
because right around the corner from
here joy is the federal courthouse and I
sat in that courthouse on Friday there
are no cameras allowed inside but that's
where you really saw this zero-tolerance
policy at work mass prosecutions less
than a minute per case guilty guilty
guilty all first-time offenders people
who cross the border illegally fleeing
gang violence but really very little
time for each case and dozens of
families that were separated Wow joy
thank you I'm Mariana I'm gonna ask you
to just stay for just a moment I want to
I want to bring in Clare along mm-hmm
the Washington Post has reported Clara
that the the chief of the Rio Grande
Valley Border Patrol has said that this
is going to increase Manuel Padilla Jr
who's the border patrol chief of the Rio
Grande Valley told The Washington Post
on Thursday that his agents had
separated 568 parents from children as
young as
since the zero tolerance policy was
announced on April 6th but that figure
represented only half the number of
parents who could be prosecuted for
entering the country illegally leaving
Border Patrol plenty of room to ramp up
family separations and yeah we were
talking with Mariana Atencio who also
was in the courtroom when cases such as
one that we was reported on CNN of an
undocumented immigrant from Honduras
sobbing as she told an attorney how
federal authorities took her daughter
while she was breastfeeding the child at
a detention center taking a daughter
away from her mom in the midst of being
breastfed Clara I really wanted to talk
to you and so or someone from Human
Rights Watch on this because it's hard
to imagine that in modern America I mean
we you know the United States has a
history unfortunately but in in the
modern history of this country this is
unimaginable your thoughts indeed I mean
there's a reason why human rights law
and US law protect the right to family
and the right to be with your family
because it is so core to our
psychological stability this is only
going to get worse as you raise the
prosecution's the Trump administration
has said that it wants a zero-tolerance
policy a hundred percent Pacha
persecutions but it's not there yet so
as it ramps up that means only more
families ripped apart we have a staff
member I was on the ground in San Diego
this week we have a staff member on the
ground in Texas who spoke with families
this week who said they were not given a
chance to say goodbye they were told
we're taking your child to shower or
you'll see your child after Court and
when they came back they were separated
the impact of this can be overstated
it's horrific
Maria Teresa Kumar we learned this week
courtesy of the New York Times that John
Kelly has been advocating this very
policy since March of 2017 that he was
instrumental in it that Steven Miller
who we don't talk that much about
anymore since we stopped talking about
the euphemism alt-right but he's still
there he's still in the administration
New York Times reports that he said no
nation can have the policy the whole
classes of people are immune from
immigration law or enforcement you
said during an interview in his West
Wing offices past week it was a simple
decision by the administration have a
zero tolerance policy for illegal entry
the message is that no one is exempt
immigration law but you know he's back
Stephen Miller your thoughts well I mean
this is actually absolutely right John
Kelly floated this and I started
sounding the alarm the moment he started
floating this because they're not
playing around they have a zero
tolerance because of a policy that they
implemented not Congress but I want to
go back we've been working really
closely with with organizations on the
ground in Tornillo Texas Tornillo is the
first tent city the first internment
camp were right now in less than 24
hours they brought in 98 beds for
children there except they're hoping to
expand it to over 200 beds in the next
week or so and they purposely chose a
place 45 minutes outside of El Paso Joey
in the middle of nowhere where they
couldn't get cameras where they couldn't
get witnesses and today better work is
marching you are asking earlier what do
this organization what do people need
they need lawyers they need people and
they need lawyers to basically flood
just like they did the airports with the
Muslim band they need lawyers right now
if people want to sign up to be lawyers
we have set up a website called stop
separation org and there you can find
also local resources and local
organizations that need help because
they are completely overwhelmed and they
do not have the capacity so if again
people want to pitch in they go to stop
or stop separation org and they can find
more information again about people on
the ground they are also going to be
learning about it they can also provide
in from their information and if their
lawyers please flag that and we will
basically or will be able to actually
choose yeah funnel them to where they
need to be but this policy that the the
administration is typing is not only
cruel but the words that they're using
we're gonna take your children to
showers and be right back this is
history repeating itself and Americans
this is not our this can't happen on our
watch we were the ones that actually
helped to craft human rights policy the
UN last week came in and told us that we
were violating human rights law laws
that set by international standards that
we crafted as Americans we have to make
sure that we are present we cannot let
the settin down we are planning as stop
separations org we are planning a march
on June
vii we hope that everybody will be there
it will be from El Paso to Tornillo
Texas because this cannot go on
uncontested and sadly the reason the
administration is doing this is because
they have no other policy they're not
helping the American people as they
should and so what they're doing is
they're race-baiting and being divisive
but I know that this the the policy that
heat they are implementing right now
does not no political party and we know
that this is not who we are as Americans
and we have to we cannot we cannot sit
idly by and Marisa it stops separations
within xorg stop separations that we as
stop separation org so let me actually
yeah we're gonna be I want to put it on
our social mean my tea Anna you wanted
to get in joy if I may jump in just to
emphasize what Maria was saying about
the importance of providing these
families with legal help we're also
talking here about families who are
asylum seekers I spoke to Gen Z and her
11 month old baby she turned herself in
at a port of entry to Customs and Border
Protection and they said she said I have
credible fear about what's happening in
my country I want to seek asylum in the
United States which is her international
right only to find out that the Guilin
the guidelines for asylum have changed
only to find out as Jeff session issued
new guidelines this past week that now
gang violence isn't going to be enough
to justify these asylum claims she
didn't even know that the guidelines had
changed until I told her yesterday so
this is a 21 year old girl with an 11
month old baby it took her a month and a
half to reach the US border and now
she's completely alone sitting there at
this Catholic charity shelter with an
ankle bracelet on her foot not knowing
if anybody could legally help or even
process her her asylum claim and I said
to her you know what what do you know
for sure and she said
Mariana the only thing that I know for
sure is that if I go back to Honduras
I'll be killed because the father of my
child was already killed so legally
these families have absolutely no help
the asylum seekers and also the ones who
crossed over illegally but are also
fleeing those same levels of violence
and are now getting their children yeah
from their arms yeah we just enjoy
something to be clear the crossing
border even under this law crossing the
border yes it's a broken lot but it's
considered a misdemeanor right if you do
it the first time ninety-nine percent of
the people that are crossing right now
it's their first time crossing it's a
misdemeanor we're separating families
from children over a misdemeanor charge
yeah
they are also separating siblings so if
you cross with your sibling they are
separating siblings and letting them
only see them once a week that is
cruelty Clara and I'm just really
quickly under international law I mean
these are the people particularly people
who are seeking asylum but really anyone
being separated from their children it's
cruel and unbelievably cruel but don't
people who present themselves for asylum
obtain certain rights
certain legal rights they certainly
should obtain certain rights it's not
illegal to seek asylum in a country and
it's not illegal to enter our country to
seek asylum one of the things I think is
really important to emphasize here is
that the members of Congress the
citizens the lawyers who are mobilizing
around this issue also need to consider
that these abuses that we're seeing
right now are built on top of an already
existing structure of abuses already the
federal criminal justice system was
doing 50% of of these prosecutions last
year these prosecutions these
misdemeanor and and some felony
prosecutions for illegal entry so
there's a lot to change here and we need
to think about how we can change the
structure so that so that something like
this can't happen and while emphasizing
the fact that the family separation
policy is not the law of the United
States it is the policy of the current
administration Maria Teresa is going to
stick around Thank You Clara long
Mariana Atencio for your heartbreaking
brilliant reporting thank you thank you
thank you and more on the most shocking
and heartbreaking story in America next
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
