I hate the children being taken away the
Democrats have to change the law that's
their law the Democrats forced that law
upon our nation I hate it but there's no
law that says families have to be
separated at the good morning and
welcome to am joy okay I start with the
fact that that that's not true but by
now we are of course all familiar with
the president's routine lies about
things large and small everything from
Paul Manafort role in his campaign more
on that later to the crowd sighs at his
inauguration but this particular lie
that the Democrats are responsible for a
policy put in place by his own
Department of Justice and announced by
his Attorney General is different
because it's an attempt to deflect blame
for an urgent moral crisis happening at
this very moment in our country a crisis
of this president's own making
the Donald Trump has admitted he intends
to use as leverage to further reduce
immigration to the United States and to
finally get his wall which Mexico is not
going to pay for but that he would like
you to pay for with these kids as
hostages to make Congress give him the
money so here's what we know thanks in
large part to the Trump administration's
policy of tearing undocumented children
away from their parents the number of
migrant children living in government
shelters has now swelled to more than
11,000 nearly 2,000 minors have been
separated from their parents in the last
six weeks alone at a rate of 46 kids a
day some of the children are as young as
ten years old and many of the shelter's
used to house them including one in
Brownsville Texas that used to be a
Walmart are at or above capacity to
handle the overflow the Trump
administration now plans to erect a tent
city in southern Texas where
temperatures are already in the 90s
meanwhile migrant parents are left
fearing for their children and unable to
help or even see them one Democratic
congresswoman visited one of the
detention centers and this is how she
described the experience for migrant
moms many of these mothers have been
there in detention various detention
facilities for over a month not a one of
them
spoken to their children only two of
them knew where their children were but
the rest of them had no idea where their
children were and they wept every single
time they talked about their children
and they talked about how they were
deceived how their children were taken
away from them through deceptions the
mothers were literally sitting in a room
next to where the children were being
held and could hear their children
screaming could not hug them could not
explain anything to them and just were
heartbroken now it bears repeating that
this is happening right now right here
in America the question is what are we
going to do about it
let's bring in my panel Kate and Dawson
is a Republican strategist Heidi Elena
and Katia is an executive director of
the National Immigration Law Center and
MSNBC's Jacob Soboroff visited a
detention center for child migrants in
Brownsville Texas this week has done
some incredible reporting and so I want
to go to you first Jacob tell us you
know the experience of going through
that Detention Center and seeing these
children were you able to talk to kids
directly were you allowed to talk to
them and get a sense of how long it had
been since they'd seen their moms and
dads yeah I had joy we were asked not to
frankly and then the first thing that a
shelter official said to us when we went
inside was can you please smile at the
kids they feel like animals locked up in
cages being looked at and it was a
strange thing to say because relatively
speaking the conditions are actually
pretty good there in that Casa Padres
shelter in Brownsville Texas nobody's in
cages nobody's in fences you got a ton
of licensed professional social care
workers and clinicians and medical care
professionals because remember this
facility was opened in 2017 to deal with
a phenomenon that had been happening for
a long time in the United States
unaccompanied minors coming to seek
asylum and refuge from Central America
the reason it's overflowing today is
because of this systematic policy put
into place by the Trump administration
zero tolerance to rip children apart
from their families it is a manufactured
crisis it is a self-inflicted crisis it
doesn't need to be happening and so
there's two groups two populations of
young migrants in this what is
really can only be called a detention
facility unaccompanied minors that came
here on their own and then young
children that were separated from their
parents those are the ones that are
facing trauma those are the ones that
didn't expect to be in this place those
are the ones that expect it to be with
their parents when they cross the border
and to most of them go into the asylum
process and so just to be clear because
that just where you ended there
Jacob these are our parents who are
seeking asylum that is the children who
are in this attention center yeah that's
right so again unaccompanied minors
about seventy percent of them coming to
the United States by themselves they
present to the Border Patrol they know
whether through paying a coyote who
tells them or some other means that
they're gonna go to a place like this
and for them that those seventy percent
that are in that facility expect to be
where they end up the thirty percent and
that's a skyrocketing number in this
facility have no idea where that were
that they were going to end up in this
place
they were ripped apart by this Border
Patrol policy by the CBP policy that was
put into place by the Attorney General
and the president and by the way it's
complete BS to hear the president the
Attorney General sarah huckabee sanders
say there's nothing new about this
there's nothing unusual about it or that
it's the democrats policy this has never
ever been done before as a systemic
policy to take kids away from their
parents at the rate of a hundred percent
is the goal of the trump administration
as a matter of immigration policy it's
just never been done before it's
reminiscent of Native American children
being taken away from their parents or
children separated from their families
at Japanese internment camps this is not
an immigration policy that we have seen
before from the federal government yeah
and you know keeping all comfy on this
because you know the talking points that
the RNC is sending out this week to
lawmakers and the way they want people
to talk about this is to blame the
Democrats so we have the copy of the
talking points here crystal Democrats
they're trying to put it off on them but
it's clearly a policy of the Trump
administration the president has even
said that he intends to use this policy
as leverage to try to force Democrats to
go along with a policy of reducing
immigration overall and paying for the
border wall so at the end of the day
this president is not gonna be able to
run away from his own policy well what
what I'm seeing in the electorial space
that I operate in and in the
the kefir space is is is there's a
50-year failure of both parties so
whether the DNC of the RNC want to come
in we've got something called illegal
immigration and that's what's in our
Republican primaries now and still a
topic is illegal the topic in a way it
really is I mean it moves past jobs at
certain times I mean even in South
Carolina where we don't exactly have a
border anybody can cross into it's a
topic and and we see it very differently
when it comes to children we understand
that they need to be taken care of we
get that parents are coming here but the
key word that they're seeing like
toilets they're coming here illegally so
let me ask you this question because you
you know Kate and I have to say have
been very outspoken and really pushed in
trying to push your party to a more open
sort of open arms toward other ethnic
groups you've been you've done really
you know good work on trying to do that
fit in South Carolina but when you hear
people as you said in places where there
isn't even a border where they're not
seeing this as a direct impact on their
there but they're so passionate about
this issue of keeping people out do you
read that as demographic panic of saying
we don't want those particular people
here and we don't care if they take
their kids I don't suspect Lee read it
that way I get it from especially a
segment of the religious segment of my
department is we're rewarding people for
illegal behavior and it was they're
breaking the law and we're we're we're
not upholding the law and then again the
laws often confuse now so I think where
the president's going at one time and
I'm always not the defender of the
president is we got to force Congress to
put something in cement about illegal
immigration and now the ugly face of it
has now shown that we're having to take
people who have come here living to
Trump doesn't have to do I don't think
they've decided to do they don't have to
do and you and I both would come here
too if we if we weren't here we try to
get here - there's nobody trying to
break out of our country and everybody's
trying to break in these are asylum
seekers these are people running gang
threats and these are people we used to
welcome and me and well we used to open
all our doors to get them because we
needed population and we needed workers
we needed people from the 1920s on up
and now all of a sudden we've got this
and now we see the enormity the public's
now seeing the enormity of it when you
start hearing the numbers of how many
children are being
by their parents but if the numbers are
not relatively high I mean the reality
is we had a much greater influx of
people from Bavaria in the 1890s and
Ohio Ireland after the potato famine in
the 1840s it really is a particular
population you didn't see it if you did
twenties are the same thing we we didn't
want agen we didn't want people coming
from North Africa it is ethnic and I
wonder if this makes you uncomfortable I
mean I want to play there was some great
reporting not only just by Jacob
Soboroff out chris hayes has really been
focusing on this had Jacob on and spoke
also with a whistleblower named antar
Davison who spoke to Chris Hayes about
what it's like for staff workers one of
the LA Times reports on him he quit his
job and he said colleagues at a
government contracted Detention Center
in Arizona had a specific request for
antar Davidson when three Brazilian
migrant children arrived tell them they
can't hug the siblings sixteen ten and
six were distraught after being
separated from their parents at the
border the children were huddled
together tears streaming down their
faces he said officials had told them
their parents were lost which they
interpreted to mean dead let me let you
now listen to antar Davidson when he
spoke with up with Chris Hayes this week
basic private prison model I mean in in
the guise of this shelter so the people
at the end of the day when they have to
put these kids to sleep I've already
worked an eight-hour shift are
oftentimes asked to stay overtime and
exhausted and on top of that these kids
are very traumatized they're running up
and down the halls screaming crying for
their mom throwing chairs and everyone
is it's tired under trained staff
dealing with and increasingly
traumatized and on compliance populate a
population of minors other people can't
understand why Republican voters and why
as you said this largely you know
evangelical Christian days of Trump
isn't troubled by that well I can't say
they aren't troubled by the humanitarian
crisis of what we have but I can say
that their problematically that we have
not solved the problem we've got
nineteen hundred and eighty nine miles
of border we only have five hundred
something miles of strategic fencing
we've still got an open southern border
we haven't done enough to secure it and
they want that problem that's was one of
the appealing thanks to Trump when we
had 16 candidates migration from Mexico
let me go to Mali Elena because one of
the other things that Chris Hayes did
this week was actually to call the
hotline that parents are allowed to call
to try to find their kids and this is
what happened when they did that thank
you for calling the ice detention
reporting and information line
information you provide during this call
may be transcribed and retained in our
call logs this includes names addresses
phone numbers other personal identifiers
vehicle information and information
related to criminal and immigration
history additionally ice uses caller ID
to to identify your phone number and may
record your phone number if it is
available through caller ID
ice may disclose the information
collected during this call within the
Department of Homeland Security or
externally as appropriate and consistent
with federal law and policy Marielena
that is pretty chilling if you're
calling looking for your kids and you're
being warned anything you say on this
call may be used to deport you that's
right
joy this is a horrific moment in our
country this is a trump created moral
crisis and anyone who thinks otherwise
is complicit the fact that we are having
2,000 children
ripped apart from their parents right
who marco marco antonio muñoz was had a
three-year-old son ripped apart from his
arms and a few weeks later he was so
desperate and the pain from being
separated from his son was so great that
he committed suicide in border patrol
custody I mean what we are doing to
people who are seeking asylum they have
the right to seek asylum at our borders
that is how the system works we have a
domestic and international requirement
to do so they are not entering
unlawfully as the other guests just has
been talking about and the fact that
when you you as a parent are trying to
find out where your children are and
that hotline number that is given to you
is about reporting yourself basically
it's frankly unconscionable and I think
we we
as taxpayers and we're the ones who have
to have a zero-tolerance policy against
this administration
yeah and Jacob you know The Daily Beast
is reporting that you know defense
contractors are now profiting off of
this surge in detentions there's a
company called MVM and this is the
coordinate reporting as perhaps better
known as the security contractor for you
with intelligence federal contracting
databases show nvm was awarded a
contract worth up to eight million
dollars over the next five years in 2008
MVM lost a lucrative contract with the
CIA in Iraq for The Wall Street Journal
reported failing to provide enough armed
guards when you went down to that Texas
facility who who owns it it's a wall it
was a Walmart but is it is this a
government contractor is that a private
company no and that doesn't surprise me
joy that you know the majority of ice
detention centers are also run by
private contractors private prisons
essentially the the facilities where the
children are run by the Department of
Health and Human Services and contracted
out to nonprofits so the owner of that
building is a company called Southwest
key and they're a nonprofit organization
one thing I do want to say though about
this whole idea that this is a
deterrence to people coming into the
United States illegally the US
government has tried this before in 1994
there was an official border patrol
policy called prevention through
deterrence during the Clinton
administration had built the first round
of walls fencing around urban areas and
in the document it said we think people
are either gonna stop coming or end up
going in more dangerous ways where they
risk their lives well guess what people
didn't stop coming they went the more
dangerous ways and the number of people
dying trying to cross into the United
States and that I ended up going up what
he thinks gonna happen now people are
not going to declare asylum because
they're scared of being separated from
their children so instead of declaring
asylum walking across the border between
these ports of entry you're gonna have
migrants that run from the Border Patrol
with little kids in places like Arivaca
Arizona or Ajo Arizona or around the
Falfurrias checkpoint in southwest in
southern Texas people are gonna see an
increase in people dying trying to get
into the United States not a decrease in
people trying to enter they're just
gonna try to do it a different way it is
an inhumane way to stop people from
trying to come into the United States
Keaton Dawson way back MIT a linen copy
thank you very much Jacob Soboroff
thank you very much for your
excellent reporting this week you've
been invaluable as a resource tell us
what strip down there
thank you all very much and up next
using religion to justify separating
kids for their parents their lives
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
