I know mr. Madoff I haven't spoken in a
long time but I know he was with the
campaign as you know for a very short
period of time relatively short period
of time but I've always thought that
meant that was President Trump last
summer seeming to distance himself from
his former campaign Chairman Paul
Manafort after a pre-dawn raid on mana
Ford's house today the president echoing
the same message Matta Ford has nothing
to do with our campaign but I feel so I
tell you I feel a little badly about if
they went back 12 years to get things
that he did 12 years ago
you know Paul Manafort worked for me for
a very short period of time he worked
for Ronald Reagan he worked for Bob Dole
he worked for John McCain or his firm
that he worked for many other
Republicans he worked for me what for 49
days there's something a very short
period of time as we've said though
manna fort was campaign chairman for
Trump for a hundred and forty-four days
and the two reportedly have had a
business relationship for years back in
Trump Ally Newt Gingrich told Fox News
that Manta Ford's impact on the campaign
should not be underestimated I thought
Paul did an important job in getting
through the convention and getting the
campaign more of a national campaign
more of a professional campaign nobody's
underestimate how much Paul Manafort did
to really help help this campaign to
where it is right now with midterm
elections now just months away in the
Russia investigation appearing to be
entering a new phase what impact could
all this have on the president in the
Republican Party here to talk about it
Michael Steele former chairman of the
Republican National Committee and an
MSNBC political analyst and Nancy cook
White House reporter for Politico Nancy
it's interesting because so many
Democrats so many Trump critics so many
folks on the Left seem to be following
every incremental development of the
Russia story when I look at the messages
that Democratic candidates are running
on though Russia doesn't seem to be as
prominent yeah I think that for a lot of
Democrats you know they don't want to
sort of overplay their hand I think that
you know privately there is a real
interest in taking back the house and I
think that if that happens the Democrat
controlled house Oversight Committee
would bury the president and the White
House under investigations but I think
that there's a feeling that they do
want to just play into this they want to
talk about other sort of forward-looking
messages that the Democrats could offer
they want to talk more about sort of
economic stuff tax cuts health care and
sort of things that they can actually
offer voters because I think to some
voters the Russia investigation feels
sort of above their heads at a thirty
thousand dollar 30,000 foot level that
they're not necessarily thinking about
day to day and I think the Democrats are
aware of that yeah well Michael that's
what I hear from a lot of Democrats that
they feel politically if they're talking
about health care they may be scoring
more political points than if they're
talking about Muller if they're talking
about the investigation from a
Republican perspective what is a worse
issue to be talking about for a
candidate I guess defending trying to
get to do away with Obamacare or
defending the president on Muller well I
think it depends on what part of the
country you're from certainly if you're
you know a West Coast or an East Coast
Republican you don't want to be having
conversations about Donald Trump and
investigations and Muller you want to
make it local it's all politics will be
local for you so you're gonna be talking
about close to bread-and-butter issues
you're gonna definitely talk about the
tax cuts if you're Republican if you're
a Democrat and we're starting to see
this messaging starting to pop up in
places like Maryland where it's going to
be a competitive race for governor for
example you're trying to do the tag the
Republican candidate if you're democrat
to to the president again it depends on
where you are so there's still a lot of
turf left to cover before we really get
a sense how Manafort and Muller and and
Trump all play out for both parties
going into September hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
