this week has been nuts right I mean
this week started with the President of
the United States lavishing praise for
hours on the dictator of North Korea
after driving a hard bargain in which
the North Koreans got summit with the US
president hours of praise for their
dictator from him a cessation of u.s.
and South Korean joint military
exercises the apparent promise from the
president that economic sanctions could
be dropped soon too and they got all of
those things in exchange for them doing
nothing that's how the week started by
the end of the week today The Associated
Press published news that the pace at
which the Trump administration is
ordering that children be torn away from
their parents at the Mexican border the
pace of that new policy of the Trump
administration is now running at nearly
50 kids a day 50 times a day an intact
family is being forcibly separated by
the US government and the children are
being taken away and locked up
separately from their parents nearly 50
times a day
and also today the president's campaign
chairman indicted and arraigned on new
felony charges that he engaged in
obstruction of justice and a criminal
conspiracy with a Russian citizen who's
assessed by the FBI to have active ties
to a Russian intelligence service the
president's campaign chairman today sent
to jail potentially four months to await
one of his two federal felony trials
Paul manna forts Russian co-defendant
has not entered a plea on these most
recent felony charges that they both
face together nor was he jailed
alongside Paul Manafort today that's
because he's in Russia where the Russian
government will presumably continue to
shield him from the special counsels
investigation and like the other 13
Russian citizens who have been charged
thus far with felonies in the Muller
investigation the Russian government
presumably will continue to prevent him
from being extradited to you a US
courtroom to face these charges
alongside manna for so it is
it's tempting to say this is a wild week
in the news it is certainly a wild time
to be a living sentient American citizen
but it in some ways it feels like the
news right now is maybe more of a peace
at least a lot of it is Susan Glasser at
The New Yorker reports today that the
president has now told his staff to
start planning for what he wants to be
his next summit which he wants to be
with Vladimir Putin the president's
unilateral concessions to the North
Korean dictator earlier this week
included a surprise gift that China and
Russia both have been asking for for
months and that we now know Putin
personally lobbied Trump about months
ago when Trump announced in Singapore
this week that he was going to halt
joint us-south Korean military exercises
that was reportedly a surprise to
everybody else in the White House and to
the US military the president just
called an audible on that and announced
it on his own but we now know that
Russia had been asking for it that
President Vladimir Putin had personally
asked President Trump for that president
Trump this week granted that wish this
is a president who benefited from
Russian interference in the election to
try to help him win a president who
continued even today to rail against the
investigation of that interference a
president who continues to help Russia
out even in ways that surprised the rest
of the people who now work for him and
the jailing of his campaign chairman
today is widely being described as
having nothing to do with any of that
and in a literal letter of the law sense
that is may be true that the Trump
campaign chair is now jailed while
awaiting trial on charges of money
laundering bank fraud tax fraud
conspiracy to defraud the United States
false statements obstruction of justice
conspiracy etc etcetera here's the thing
Paul Manafort going to jail is the most
dramatic sign yet that mr. Manta fort is
not planning on cooperating with
prosecutors no matter what they throw at
him no matter what they charge him with
no matter how hard they're gonna make
his life and his life just got very very
very much harder today being in jail
tonight is no joke but what is it that
they want him to cooperate with him
about
Paul Manafort was charged in a joint
indictment alongside a longtime business
associate who is believed to work for
Russian intelligence and who is
currently a fugitive from US justice
being shielded from US courts and by the
Russian government Paul Manafort is
known to have been in frequent if not
constant communication with that alleged
Russian intelligence operative
throughout the time he was running the
Donald Trump for president campaign that
Russian intelligence operative is the
person through whom Paul Manafort
reached out during the campaign to a
Russian oligarch close to Vladimir Putin
to offer that oligarch private briefings
on the u.s. election while he was in
charge of the Trump campaign that same
Russian oligarch alleges in multiple
court filings that Paul Manafort owes
him millions of dollars The Associated
Press reported last year that that same
Russian oligarch signed Paul Manafort up
to a ten million dollar a year contract
to promote the interests of the Putin
government Paul manna forts time running
the Trump campaign came to an end when
there started to be too many press
reports about surreptitious payments
he'd allegedly been receiving from
pro-putin political parties in Ukraine
in the former Soviet Union before he
left the campaign though the time he
spent running the Trump campaign
coincided with the sharp rise in Russian
government and intelligence activity to
benefit Trump's campaign and help Trump
win and that's not even mentioning that
CNN report last year that US
intelligence agencies collected
intercepted communications among
suspected Russian operatives where they
were discussing amongst themselves their
communications with Paul Manafort
and how Paul Manafort had been
encouraging whatever help he could get
for the Trump campaign from Russia so no
the Trump campaign chairman going to
jail today technically has nothing to do
with Russia or the Trump campaign
allegedly working with Russia on a
foreign intelligence operation to swing
our last election that is not why Paul
Manafort was jailed today but that is
presumably what prosecutors would like
to talk to him about if only he would
talk to them why won't he
is it because if he does talk he's
scared of who will come knocking on his
door and he's more scared of that than
jail is it because he really thinks he's
gonna win his case is gonna be acquitted
on all charges is that possible
hold on Moorhead
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
