we have more exclusive reporting tonight
on immigration immigrant children being
torn from their families earlier today
NBC News reported that almost 2000
children were taken from their parents
in the six weeks from April 19th to May
31st that's a rate of about 46 children
ripped out of their parents hands a day
now we at all in have exclusively
obtained internal Border Patrol
documents that show that from June 3rd
to June 11th 366 additional children
were taken from their families that's
about 41 children a day a bit of a
slower pace but if you project these
numbers out over a full year you're
looking at well over 10,000 kids taken
by our government the documents we've
obtained also crucially put the lie to
the administration's claim that this is
all somehow business as usual that it's
mandated by the law
in fact one page in here is titled
prosecution initiative update and
there's a red line labeled single adult
increased prosecution initiative started
April 27th in other words when they
started this policy additionally the new
data we obtained shows that the vast
majority of parents and this is really
important a whopping 91% who were
referred for prosecution after having
their children forcibly taken from them
were only being charged with a
misdemeanor that is first-time illegal
entry Customs and Border Patrol declined
to comment on these numbers either to
confirm or deny but this new data fits
with what we already know about this
inhumane practice today
NBC's Gatti Schwartz toured a facility
in El Cajon California or some of those
children are being held he joins me from
outside that facility tonight daddy
what do you see behind those gates today
well lots of unpack there but first I
kind of want to give you the lay of the
land because people have been coming out
from El Cajon to see it for themselves
they're pretty incredulous about this
happening so close to their homes this
is basically what the facility is it's
behind this fence you see from the
street you can't see what's going on
you've actually gotten somebody down
here she just came out to also see she
had seen what was going on on the news
she's with a mental health organization
and she wanted to see it for herself
we've seen a bunch of neighbors coming
out but I'm gonna show you it's not the
biggest facility
in fact it's a lot smaller than that
then that Walmart that we saw the Jacob
show bra silver off showed us earlier
this week that's where it ends over
there that fence line so it starts from
here goes all the way down this way and
there are 65 kids are 63 kids being
housed in right now the capacity here is
65 but we understand that there are more
beds being brought in across the country
in anticipation for what is to be a lot
more of these miners being brought to
shelters like this because they have
been separated from their family right
here at this facility as you were
talking about a little bit earlier we
understand that the number is about 10%
so far in the last six obviously six
weeks those numbers have been climbing
but 10% of the kids here may have been
separated from their families the other
ones were unaccompanied minors that were
crossing the border so this facility has
been here for quite some time
secretly the community around here is
flabbergasted about what's going on in
fact one man just a little while ago we
talked to ran out here as soon as he saw
where it was on MSNBC and here's here's
what he had to say take a listen I was
stunned to find out that one of the
facilities was was within walking
distance of my home how does this happen
in America I'm a u.s. Navy veteran with
12 years has been every penny every dime
of that time trying to ensure this sort
of thing we should point and say not in
our backyard not here
now David was telling us that as a child
he was abandoned he was left in a
chicken coop and was found and was later
adopted and he said that that had never
left him he has been traumatized for
life because of that so he was feeling
what a lot of these kids were going
through now in terms of what we saw on
the inside there are staff members here
that are doing remarkable work trying to
make things normal they they have
organized events for these kids it's
very odd to hear some of the things that
that these kids are experiencing here we
were told that they have a prom where
there are females that come from other
other shelters and have a prom here with
some of the the boys that come to this
shelter but the staff is trying to make
things as normal as possible but as you
can imagine there's nothing about this
that's normal Chris alright gotta
Schwarz thank you for that excellent
reporting hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
