president this morning saying he has
solved the problem of North Korea just a
couple days after that summit and of
course the question this week with that
summit with how the presidents described
it afterwards
what a voter's what are the American
people who watched their president sit
down with Kim jong-un this week what do
they make of it well we got some fresh
data Monmouth has taken a poll on this
some very interesting findings and let's
head over to the big board and find out
first of all how about this the baseline
question this is after the summit this
week the baseline question here
president Trump's ability to deal with
the problem of North Korea overall are
you not confident are you leaning toward
not confident a majority are on the not
confident side of that divide when it
comes to president Trump in dealing with
North Korea which is what he's doing
this week with that summit trying to
deal with it 46% confident or leaning
that way so that maybe not a good number
there for the president also this who
gained more from this summit this week
who gained more from the meeting not a
lot of people are saying the u.s. ended
up with the with the better end of that
deal three times as many saying North
Korea a good chunk they're saying both
equally but not a lot of Americans
looking at this and saying hey Donald
Trump who calls himself the master
negotiator negotiated something is gonna
favor the u.s. more than North Korea so
maybe some negative numbers there and
yet how about this the bottom line
question probably the bottom line
question on most people's mind when they
look at this is that did the meeting
decrease the threat the nuclear threat
from North Korea and here's one at
scissors it's interesting a slim
majority 51% say that in the end it is
likely that what happened this week
between President Trump and Kim Jong did
decrease that threat from North Korea
and in any of the nuclear threat and
that may explain this finding bottom
line ask folks was it a good idea Trump
sitting down with Kim Jong was that a
good idea 71% landing on the side of it
was a good idea very interestingly when
this summit was first announced and this
question was asked should Trump have
this meeting is that a good idea that
number was 8 points less it was down at
63% so there's a fair number of people
this week who watched that summit absorb
the reaction to it and said you know
what I changed my mind I do think it was
a good idea
in hindsight so not a lot of confidence
maybe in the present
himself but the idea of sitting down the
idea of talking people I think more on
the side there that ultimately that had
some kind of or could have some kind of
a positive impact there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
