welcome back tonight obsessed with the
lawmakers sudden rush of bravery
conviction Exhibit A outgoing Tennessee
senator bob Corker this week it's
becoming a cultish thing as an engine
it's not a good place for any party to
end up with a cult-like situation as it
relates to to to a president that
happens to be of reportedly 'va of the
same party notice I said outgoing it
seems as soon as lawmakers announce
their retirements they're suddenly ready
to let loose on the president only there
were a place where lawmakers could
finally be free unencumbered by politics
as always well that gave me an idea
you've worked hard
paid your dues represented your
constituents for years now you're
finally ready for retirement and to
speak your mind hi there I'm TVs Chuck
Todd I've spent my whole career covering
Washington politics but I've been busy
with another idea - introducing The
Pines at Congressional Village a new
community tailor-made for your active
post political extra got something to
say say it
who cares nobody's listening no more
tough questions
no more pandering for donations a peer
brave without actually being brave at
the pines you can still enjoy all the
activities you enjoyed while in office
like truth yoga go ahead and stretch
those facts ballroom dancing around
questions cabinets shuffleboard kicking
the can down the road and geriatric man
during hey what's going on in Washington
these days doesn't matter you can't do
anything about it anymore because you've
already quit but do you know what you
can still do take electoral college
seminars stump in our political stumping
garden or join a cafe klatch you've
earned that political capital and just
because you never spent it while in
Congress spend it here spend it at the
pines at Congressional Village
hey it's a perfect place for anybody
who's simply over the hill come on it's
Friday we have to have a little fun
we'll be right back
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
