entrons lawyer is still talking this
morning making claims that the Clinton
email investigation was rigged which the
Inspector General report does not claim
and putting pressure on the Justice
Department and FBI to purge and imprison
investigators the IG report basically
tells you that both both both prongs of
the Moller investigation are either
corrupt or or answered should become an
investigation of call me those FBI
agents who should be fired today and in
prison next week Peter struck was
running the Hillary investigation that's
a total fix that's a closed book now
total fix Comey should go to jail for
that and struck a singular reason for
firing he holds that press conference
reopening near the investigation of the
pervert Weiner and his wife Houma Dean
and all the emails that he had why that
doesn't get prosecuted is beyond
explanation now that's a challenge for
sessions Rosenstein and ray
this stuff's better be prosecuted now
let's investigate the investigators
that's actually that's all she
challenged for you with not being able
to tell the truth speaking of which
here's Donald Trump outside the White
House
so so really that was all a plan with a
little land walk he tweeted 40 minutes
megyn kelly at Fox you know when she did
that long the election it was funny what
was that 2012 which is great extinct
what was that you remember that long
walk your own Road was saying there was
12 dick
Mitt Romney was gonna write that's right
so he says the press copy the president
tweeted that the Fox and Friends was on
the front lawn of the White House quote
maybe I'll have to take an unannounced
trip down to see them question mark now
and they proceeded to tweet and retweet
say you don't think they were five you
don't think that they were there like
knowing that it's gonna happen ever that
would never not at all not at all let's
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
