this is this is where we begin with lies
straight on down from the top president
Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani is calling
on the Justice Department to immediately
suspend Special Counsel Robert Muller's
probe and to launch an investigation of
the investigators Giuliani statement
came after yesterday's unusual silence
from the president about the DOJ x'
Inspector General report on the FBI's
investigation of 2016 presidential
candidates the news gets staggering this
morning we started with Sarah Sanders
and here we are now hours before X Trump
campaign manager Paul Manafort
heads to court this morning for a bail
hearing over witness tampering claims he
pleads not guilty to charges including
fraud and money laundering
Giuliani insisted he was speaking for
himself but his demand coincided with
other Trump allies claiming the report
had bearing on Muller's legitimacy
even though Muller removed agent Peter
struck last summer when he learned of
anti-trump text messages to strux lover
FBI attorney Lisa page we supplied 1.4
million documents and who we supply them
to people who have already concluded to
frame Donald Trump agents who started a
phony Russian investigation that's the
whole core of this that's why the
investigation should be suspended and I
I'm talking for myself now not the
president but I believe he would agree
with this a very serious investigation
has to be done of the FBI agents at the
very top by FBI agents who are honest in
order to
President Trump has said over and over
again to me I did nothing wrong how
could this be well now we know how it is
because these people fixed it that's how
it is read this if you're not disgusted
and you don't demand that the just
Department begin this investigation and
suspend the one of the president and all
the people that have been tortured by it
I believe that rod Rosenstein and chef
sessions have a chance to redeem
themselves and that chance comes about
tomorrow doesn't go beyond tomorrow
tomorrow Muller should be suspended and
honest people should be brought in
impartial people to investigate these
people like struck struck should be in
jail by the end of next week
I'll tell you what Rudy Giuliani I mean
you Rudy Giuliani is shaming himself as
usual Rudy Giuliani it's making a fool
of himself Rudy Giuliani is lying the
American people Rudy Giuliani
is is trashing the entire FBI because of
a couple of FBI agents who were fired
last year Rudy Giuliani is no fool
though he plays one on television he
knows that FBI agents also during the
campaign were trashing Hillary Clinton
in New York it was a common occurrence
Rudy Giuliani unless he's a fool also
knows that while Barack Obama was
president the United States CIA agents
regularly trashed Barack Obama I know
because they trashed Barack Obama than
me FBI agents did the same guess wife
during the build-up to the Gulf War you
know who the CIA agents of the FBI
agents trashed George W Bush you want
were acting like such no flakes it's as
if the Prime Minister of Canada said
something mean to you you're acting like
this is the first time it's ever
happened a founding investigation here
let me hold up lots of papers because
Rudy thinks you're too stupid to not be
like thrown into this tizzy because he
holds up lots of it now if you read this
if you read this look I've written it
down here you read this you read this
you'll find out that they've already in
this phony investigation of Rudy
Giuliani
they've already been 13 Russians
indicted that's a hell of a fucking
investigation thirteen indicted by
Americans in a grand jury overseen by an
American judge thirteen Russians
indicted owe an additional Russian
indicted oh wait hold on a second well
this information that I'm reading here
that you should
really be blown away by also shows that
the man that ran Donald Trump's National
Security Agency indicted pled guilty in
this phony investigation and it's now
cooperating with federal authorities but
wait there's more
the man that donald trump said was
running his national his national
security team head of foreign policy
george papadapolis he told The
Washington Post indicted pled guilty and
is now cooperating with feds
boy that's some phony investigation but
wait there's more
one of Donald Trump's top campaign
managers during the 2016 campaign has
pled guilty as now cooperating with
authorities why that some phony
witch-hunt oh wait there's more poll man
afford the man who is running the
campaign John Heilemann the man who
Donald Trump said he had to get on board
so it could win the Republican
nomination it's going back in the court
today he's been indicted by a grand jury
of Americans of Americans with an
American Judge listing in been indicted
and mana forts gonna go to jail today
now I don't know who's stupid enough to
listen to Rudy Giuliani and believe Rudy
Giuliani but I'm asking if you are
stupid enough to believe that ladies and
gentlemen then I'm going to ask Mike
judge to get your phone number and cast
you in a theocracy too because I don't
believe there's anybody out there that's
stupid Hannibal well unfortunately it
seems that their whether you call them
stupid or not this can be it had to be
stupid with 20 and die by Americans suit
I'm with my American grand juries you
have to be stupid and also I'm sorry but
didn't the FBI help elect well that's
Donald Trump that's you
I think that's the most frustrating
thing is the the very the very breach of
protocol of James Comey had him send out
a letter 10 days before where the FBI
was sitting on that information for 20
days and helped elect Donald Trump that
there's no doubt there's an audience out
there of Americans other Americans who
find Rudy Giuliani's arguments
persuasive there are well we see it in
the polling so there are some people out
there I've been there ignorant of the
fact I'm not I'm not sticking up for
them I'm just saying just making a point
here we there's no doubt that the
argument this is this was the most the
way the Giuliani has reacted the way the
administration is reacting the way the
Donald Trump inevitably will react or in
the course of the next 24 hours if not
sooner it all a bit the reaction to this
report was totally predictable have a
responsive because I had to sift through
reports yesterday yes till I got to the
ball where the IG they said by the way
the IG found out that Comey held the
information a month longer than he
should have which elected Donald Trump
the biggest the biggest takeaways from
this report the biggest ones out of 500
pages the biggest takeaways are there is
one text message from Peter struck that
we did not know about that Donald Trump
and his allies are gonna seize on and
talk about all day long today and which
struck said in some tone that we can't
tell either with the tone of intent and
seriousness or is it's a throwaway line
we got a selfie so let me ask you this
let me ask you this and this is for the
stupid people did I actually believe
this and I gotta say also some of you
people tweeting yesterday stop shaming
yourself just stop shit you're
embarrassing yourself because the bottom
line of this report was that James Comey
elected Donald Trump let me ask you
something
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
