welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios am the
co-founder of Axios Mike Allen Mike good
morning to you one happy Friday to you
happy Friday to you guys just about
Axios there's one big thing today
yes axises one Instagram thing big thing
Trump a moment on China President Trump
who today is expected to announce
tariffs on China this is putting into
effect what he threatened before and
this is right after the u.s. is asking
China for help with North Korea but if
you look at what Trump has said over
months years even decades for 30 years
the one thing that Trump has been
consistent about is that he thinks the
u.s. is being ripped off and he thinks
the US should fight back and today is
the start of that this is stirring the
pot taking a trade spat moving toward a
trade war but our sources say the
president has no hesitation about
disrupting the global economy to do
something these always said he would why
do you think that it has no consequence
on him that it may disrupt the global
economy I mean obviously if he goes
through with these tariffs as some media
reports are reporting we get it that
it's obviously gonna be a trade war
between two of the largest economies in
the world but that's going to have
ramifications on the global economy as
you said why is that not weighing in on
his decision
well for sure and ever since the day he
took office he's had advisors telling
him that this could ultimately hurt US
consumers and could ultimately hurt US
workers but going back to that oval
office meeting that Axios reported where
the president said bring me tariffs he's
been saying this I've been doing in this
on the campaign trail and I'm very
willing to disrupt a global economic
system in place since World War two
where the u.s. absorbed some trade
deficits as part of its policy he's
become obsessed with that one figure the
advisors including Gary Cohen who are
most likely to try to talk him out of it
and they would just buy time by time by
time looks like times up
like how does North Korea play play into
all this obviously China very much a
part of the denuclearization or the
possible in the denuclearization Salish
that shall we say of North Korea do you
think that could change things no that's
a very astute question and yes that's a
twist in this our sources say that if
China is cooperative and helpful with
North Korea the president very much
could pull these back so this is a
little bit of continuation of that
storyline we've seen where the president
threatens threatens threatens and what
does in the end is never as bad as what
the markets fear and what it looks like
from what he say let me ask you about
this interesting dynamic to all this
because as this trade war kind of slowly
unfolds there's an interesting appeal
coming out of China to American film
makers which seems to be at an all-time
high why is that what's that all about
yeah well China has become such an
important market for Hollywood that
there are parts of movies that are
scripted and filmed in order to appeal
to that market and more accurately to
avoid getting the wrath of Chinese
censors or the Chinese government so
Hollywood has always paid a lot of
attention but now China is trying to
build its own Hollywood so axises Erica
Pandey reports the China's using some
Hollywood techniques of its own it now
has some successful domestic films which
interestingly enough are made with the
help of Hollywood but they're also
investing in Hollywood studios so this
is another way that we're seeing China
saying we're not going to depend on the
US instead we actually are going to
become a competitor to the US
interesting alright Mike Allen live for
us in Washington DC this morning thank
you very much of course we're gonna be
reading ax ACM in just a little bit in
to all of our viewers out there you too
can sign up for the newsletter by simply
going to sign up access com
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
