day five eleven of the Trump
administration brings something the
president and his allies have been
clamoring for and that is the report
from the Justice Department's own
Inspector General on the FBI's handling
of the Hillary Clinton email
investigation the DOJ has ended its
internal review of that whole fracas
while it finds no evidence of political
bias in the FBI's prosecutorial
decisions it is particularly critical of
former FBI director James Comey 'he's
handling of the case here is a reminder
of what Comey said this is back in July
2016 at that news conference about the
investigation although we did not find
clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or
her colleagues intended to violate laws
governing the handling of classified
information there is evidence that they
were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive highly
classified information now according to
this IG report commis decision to make
that announcement without consulting
then Attorney General Loretta Lynch was
quote extraordinary and insubordinate it
also says Comey quote made a serious
error of judgment when he sent a letter
to Congress reopening the investigation
of Clinton's emails just days before the
presidential election but despite those
findings it also noted quote we found no
evidence that commis public statement
announcing the FBI's decision to close
the investigation was a result of bias
or an effort to influence the election
the report also reveals new text
messages from two of the FBI and agents
involved in the investigation you
perhaps have heard their story before at
Lisa page Peter struck who have been
targets of Trump and his supporters as
they have sought to discredit federal
law enforcement one exchange between
these two shows quote page a struck
Trump's never ever going to become
president right right
today's report reveals quote struck
replied no no he won't we'll stop it the
report notes that message casts a cloud
over the FBI but also stresses this
quote our review did not find out
evidence to connect the political views
expressed in these messages to the
specific investigative decisions we
reviewed James Comey had an instant
reaction ready in the form of an opinion
piece posted on the New York Times
website just after the IG report came
out quote I do not agree with all the
Inspector General's conclusions but I
respect the work of his office and
salute his professionalism in 2016 my
team faced an extraordinary situation
something I thought of as a 500 year
flood offering no good choices and
presenting some of the hardest decisions
I ever had to make
well tonight the president's attorney
Rudy Giuliani had this to say about the
report's findings we now have an
investigation that in the words of
President Donald Trump from the very
beginning has been a fix a frame-up and
a witch-hunt it was alleged by Peter
Strock who it is disgraceful
and even even for for the present
director of the FBI to have him there
tomorrow it would be disgraceful and
tomorrow Muller should suspend his
investigation and he should go see rod
Rosen see who created him and the Deputy
Attorney General and Attorney General
session soon met who should now step up
big time to save his department should
suspend that investigation throw out all
the people that have been involved in
the phony Trump investigation and bring
in honest FBI agents from the New York
office Rod Rosenstein and Jeff Sessions
have a chance to redeem themselves and
that chance comes about tomorrow it
doesn't go beyond tomorrow tomorrow
Muller should be suspended and honest
people should be brought in impartial
people to investigate these people like
struck struck should be in jail by the
end of next week so that happened on
live television tonight the president's
eldest son also weighed in tonight on
Fox News real America sees what's going
on here these lawyers at the top we're
trying to weigh influence an election
and then undermine a presidency I look
at James Comey it's like the liberal
version of a sorority sister like it's
pretty ridiculous at this point and when
I see what's going on
I think I see what everyone else in
America seeing and they should be
disgusted now a separate track while all
that was unfolding the president was hit
with more legal trouble today this time
involving his personal charity a lawsuit
filed today here in New York by the New
York State Attorney General against the
president and his three oldest children
is alleging the Trump foundation engaged
in quote a pattern of persistent illegal
conduct occurring over more than a
decade that includes extensive unlawful
political coordination with the Trump
presidential campaign repeated and
willful self dealing transactions to
benefit mr. Trump's personal and
business interests and violations of
basic legal legal obligations for
nonprofit foundations this complaint
included new details about the Trump
foundation among them that its board has
not met in 19 years and that it's
official treasurer was an employee of
the president's private business who did
not even know he was on the foundation's
board also according to the complaint
the foundation coordinated illegally
with the Trump campaign on a fundraiser
for veterans in 2016 just days before
the Iowa caucuses where the candidate
announced a donation of his own Donald
Trump another great builder in New York
now a politician I can't stand this a
politician I don't want to be called the
politician all talk no action
I refuse to be called a politician
Donald Trump gave 1 million dollars ok
Trump posted this message today in
reaction to this lawsuit and we quote
the sleazy New York Democrats and their
now disgraced and run out of town
Attorney General Eric Schneiderman are
doing everything they can to sue me on a
foundation that took in 18 million eight
hundred thousand dollars and gave out to
charity more money than it took in 19
million to I won't settle the case
Snyderman who ran the Clinton campaign
in New York never had the guts to bring
this ridiculous case which lingered in
their office for almost two years now he
resigned his office in disgrace and his
disciples brought it when we could not
settle let's bring in our leadoff panel
on a
Thursday night shall we Michael Schmidt
is here with us Pulitzer prize-winning
Washington correspondent for the New
York Times Joel Colvin White House
reporter for The Associated Press and
Jeremy Peters political reporter for The
New York Times
mr. Schmidt home-field advantage goes to
you you also did happen to break the
Clinton email story back in the day so
what is your takeaway I know it's a big
question it was 500 pages after all from
today's IG report there's all sorts of
stuff in there about all different parts
of this investigation it's the biggest
thing as it comes back to Comey Comey is
the chief witness against the president
in an obstruction investigation how does
this change our understanding of Comey
well if you didn't like Kobe's judgment
before today you're not gonna like it
after today there's not a lot of facts
that move that in any direction the
story is pretty much the same what is
good for Muller and for Comey as Muller
is banking on Comey is that there's
nothing in there that raises questions
about commis truthfulness people say
Comey has bad judgment he made all these
mistakes
he thought he could maneuver things that
he obviously couldn't but there are not
things about lies there are not things
about his credibility maybe you don't
want him in that position again but you
don't think he's a liar if you look at
that document I also heard it argued
today if you're looking to prove
political bias among individual actors
there's proof in there if you're looking
for proof that Comey may have caused
Hillary Clinton in the election there's
proof of that in there there's even a
line about Kony not knowing who former
congressman Weiner was married to yeah
look there the the the good thing for
Trump is that in 500 pages especially if
you have someone like Rudy Giuliani out
there you will be able to find things to
continue to throw at the wall Rudy has
thrown an enormous amount of things at
this investigation one of them direct
attacks on Comey Rudy believes that if
it's Trump versus Comey that is a good
thing for them and that they could win
that argument if they were in the House
of Representatives and impeachment
proceedings
that is a good argument for them this
gives him 500 pages of fodder
interesting last point there from mr.
Schmidt now Jill about that 18 acre
complex you cover also known as the
White House we have been amazed not to
tempt the gods here but we've been
amazed the president has not been on
Twitter on this subject what do you know
about how it was received and who did
the back briefing say inside the White
House yeah I think it's very notable the
fact that the president has not weighed
in on this since he was briefed by Rob
Rosen Time Stein earlier today rod came
to the White House he was there for
about two hours today we understand that
at first he briefed the president and he
gave a separate briefing to the vice
president but it was only before that
visit that the president was tweeting
now the response from the White House
from the Republican National Committee
from Republicans who are close to the
president has been trying to take as
much as they can from this and try to
spin it as beneficially as they can and
so there's a lot of reference to Comey
here everything from the way he handled
the investigation to his use of a gmail
account which i think was particularly
surprising to folks as well as really
focusing in on these new text messages
from stroke to page their conversations
and new emails or text messages that we
hadn't seen before and trying to suggest
that this means that there was this
fundamental systemic bias in the
Department of Justice against him but
look at all the things that this report
doesn't say the president had claimed
for I guess yours at this point that
Comey had mishandled the email
investigation that there was some type
of misconduct there and if only the IG
looked at this they would discover that
there was new material in there that was
worthy of charging Clinton that's not in
this document the document says very
specifically that they although there
were these you know agents who who may
have done things that cast a cloud and
in the words of the IG over the
department on that the investigation was
pretty much done done properly now over
to mr. Peters who live along with mr.
Schmidt is among the stars of the new
Showtime documentary series called the
Fourth Estate for parts on a year in the
life of the New York Times I had to get
that in no one asked mr. Peters among
the Conservatives with whom you spend
way too much of your time in your
business life how much of this gives
them air cover to quote from our
conversation with Michael for whatever
it is
they want to prove I don't think it was
as exonerating as damning rather as they
hoped it would be Brian because you have
a lot of them now saying especially on
Capitol Hill release the full report
because of course this report was
changed as the process went on it was
edited down they want to see the full
report so this wasn't enough for them
but I think really it never was going to
be enough it was never going to be
enough for the Democrats either anybody
who has an opinion on this report
politically speaking had already made up
their mind before it came out and I
think that speaks to a rather
unfortunate truth about our politics
right now is that there really is no
such thing as objectivity and
independence it is whatever side of the
aisle whatever side of Donald Trump
rather you find yourself on you are
going to most more likely than not
believe the facts that your side is
promoting and I think that you you saw
that today on both sides of this but I
think with Donald Trump what is with the
turf that he is most comfortable
fighting on is when he is telling people
look there is a systemic effort to undo
me to undo this presidency by people who
felt that I was illegitimate ly elected
and this report has a lot of evidence
that there were people who certainly
were biased against him and as one
person told me today when we are in a
situation when people think that the
system is out to disenfranchise them
that is a horrible place to be in as a
country now of course that's not what
this report said this report said that
despite the bias that was clearly
expressed by these two FBI agents there
was no evidence that that bias led them
to use the levers of government to use
the power of the FBI to change the
outcome of the election but that's not
what Donald Trump is going to say I
imagine when he eventually weighs in on
that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
