on his 72nd birthday the President of
the United States was once again accused
of fraud by the New York State Attorney
General in New York State Attorney
Journal along with two other state
attorneys general accused Donald Trump
of fraud in the operations of Trump
University Donald Trump vowed back then
to fight that case to the end but he
eventually surrendered and agreed to pay
twenty five million dollars in fines for
the fraud that was Trump University this
new fraud case the state attorney
general of New York says the fraud is
the Trump foundation which is supposed
to be a Charitable Foundation but
according to Attorney General has been
operated in a quote persistently illegal
manner which included improper and
extensive political activity repeated
and willful self-dealing transactions
and failure to follow basic fiduciary
obligations or to implement even
elementary corporate formalities
required by law New York State Attorney
General Barbara Underwood is asking the
court to dissolve the Trump Foundation's
obtain restitution of 2.8 million
dollars and ban Donald Trump from
serving on any New York nonprofit boards
for ten years and ban his three children
from serving on any charitable role
boards for one year attorney general
Underwood also referred other possible
violations of tax law to the Internal
Revenue Service and possible violations
of campaign finance law to the Federal
Election Commission the Attorney General
called the foundation quote little more
than a checkbook for a Donald Trump and
detailed how the president used it to
settle personal lawsuits like in 2007
when he was sued for the size of a
flagpole at his Florida Club Donald
Trump settled the case by agreeing that
he would donate a hundred thousand
dollars to a charitable foundation Trump
then sent this handwritten note to his
accounting staff directing them to take
the hundred thousand dollars from the
Trump foundation to pay
that other charitable foundation it is
against the law to use charitable
foundation money to settle personal
lawsuits attorney general Underwood also
said quote the foundation ceded control
over the charitable funds it raised to
senior Trump campaign staff who dictated
the manner in which the foundation would
disperse those proceeds directing the
timing amounts and receipts of the
grants it is illegal to use charitable
funds for political purposes very little
of the money in the Trump foundation
came from anyone named Trump hundreds of
thousands of dollars in Trump foundation
came for example from contributions by
NBC when Donald Trump had a television
show on NBC's David Farenthold with the
Washington Post won a Pulitzer Prize for
his reporting during the presidential
campaign in which he found Donald
Trump's contributions to his foundation
to be actually zero zero for eight years
before the presidential campaign now
that Donald Trump's being charged with
fraud once again by the New York State
Attorney General Donald Trump has once
again said I won't settle this case
exclamation point joining us now David
Cay Johnston Pulitzer Prize winning
journalist who found in DC report dot
org he's the author of it's even worse
than you think what the Trump
administration is doing in America and
David let's begin with the prediction
that Donald Trump is once again lying
when he says I will not settle this
fraud case there's nowhere else for him
to go eventually then settle in this
case somewhere down the road Donald will
settle this but I think the filing by
the Attorney General of New York Jay
makes is very clear that Donald Trump
and his family meet the Justice
Department's standards for prosecution
for tax crimes these are multiple
offenses over a number of years so it's
not any issue of inadvertence it's
flagrant and it meets the standard of
what is called general deterrence you
prosecute people who will get attention
to violations of the tax law to deter
others and
seems to me entirely appropriate
especially given that Donald Trump in
the past is confessed to being a sales
tax cheat has had to income tax fraud
trials and this also goes to why we need
an audit of the inaugural committee and
what happened to the hundred and seven
million dollars there and why we need to
see Donald Trump's tax returns which I
am absolutely confident will show that
he is a serial tax cheater I want to get
more into what the tax crimes might be
but I also just want to point out this
one thing that the Attorney General in
the near State has pointed out she says
among other things Trump repeatedly
signed under penalties of perjury IRS
forms 990 in which he attested that the
foundation did not engage in
transactions with interested parties and
that the foundation did not carry out
political activity and David just
technically the way it committed tax
crime in this country most of the time
is by signing your name and it is
usually to a tax return but any tax form
that you sign can be a tax crime that's
right the doctor the signature line is
what's called eight joorat Wesley Snipes
when he filed his fraudulent tax returns
is inserted into the form under no
penalty of perjury and that Donald Trump
has done this repeatedly it goes to
something very fundamental about the
Trump family the Trump family is about
winning and it doesn't matter how you do
it doesn't matter what rules you break
it doesn't matter what laws you flaunt
and if we're going to be a country of
laws this case right here absolutely
establishes that Donald Trump meets the
standards now if you want to follow the
Justice Department regulation that you
can indict a sitting president fine
make him an unindicted co-conspirator or
withhold prosecution on him by getting
him to agree to toll the statute until
he leaves office and the the the
referral to the IRS David how does that
proceed is that something that the
Internal Revenue Service can just look
at from the New York State Attorney
General and throw away well they can if
they want to but what's supposed to
happen is the case is supposed to be
seriously reviewed and then the IRS goes
to the Justice Department tax division
which has rules in place about what to
do with referrals and who to prosecute
and I reread all of those today and they
make it very clear that Donald Trump is
a prime candidate for criminal
prosecution in this matter now I do want
to point out that we spend almost no
effort in this country to prosecute tax
crimes 160 million individual tax
returns and round numbers and about
1,600 tax felony prosecutions a year
most of which are drug dealers and drug
traffickers or politicians who took
bribes well we'll see if they have time
for Donald Trump David Cay Johnston
thank you very much for joining us
really appreciate thanks for checking
out our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
