there are liars there are pathological
liars and there is Donald Trump Donald
Trump's lying is so routine and the news
media knows that it is so routine that
everyone has to varying degrees gotten
used to it it has always been impossible
for any interviewer of Donald Trump to
keep up with the lies that he tells at
very high speed in every interview they
are frequently lies that an interviewer
could not possibly anticipate and that's
what happened to Bret Baier when Donald
Trump said this one of the things that
really I'm happy is that the soldiers
that died in Korea their remains are
going to be coming back home and we have
thousands of people thousands and
thousands of people so many people asked
when I was on the campaign I said wait a
minute I don't have any relationship but
they said when you can so thousands and
thousands of parents of American
soldiers killed in the Korean War asked
candidate Donald Trump to have their
remains brought home so where's the lie
in that it is in the number it wasn't
thousands and thousands of parents it
was zero that never happened
Donald Trump never met a single parent
of an American soldier killed in the
Korean War during the presidential
campaign the Washington Post estimates
that most parents of a soldier killed in
the Korean War would have been between a
hundred and two and a hundred and eleven
years old during the Trump presidential
campaign in other words most of them
were not alive during the presidential
campaign and the ones who might be alive
were not fighting their way to the front
of a rope line to talk to Donald Trump
he will lie about anything and
everything nothing is sacred to him and
every once in a while we just have to
stop we have to pause over that because
it is a national emergency it is
something we have never seen before and
it is something we must never get used
to imagine what would happen if any
Democrat even any other Republican lied
about the parents of America's military
who were killed in action
during their grief with them Donald
Trump is trying to steal the grief of
the now dead parents of soldiers killed
in the Korean War
and pretend that he shared their grief
with them and that he accomplished
something for them when talking to the
North Korean dictator who has reportedly
charged the United States 1 million
dollars every time he has allowed the
returns of the remains of a single
American soldier stealing grief is a
Donald Trump specialty here he is lying
about losing friends of his
on 9/11 during the presidential campaign
the World Trade Center came down
hundreds of friends when I saw that I
immediately tweeted that Donald Trump
was lying when he said during the South
Carolina debate that he lost hundreds of
friends and so the next day on Meet the
Press Donald Trump reduced his claim
from hundreds of friends to many many
friends I was there I lost many many
friends in that tragedy that was the
worst tragedy in the history of this
country worse than Pearl Harbor and when
I saw that I immediately tweeted that
that was a lie - Donald Trump did not
lose many many friends but Donald Trump
was telling so many lies then as he is
now that no one caught up with that one
a few days later Michael Daley in The
Daily Beast was the only other member of
the news media to report on Donald
Trump's lie about losing hundreds of
friends on 9/11 again the lie is in the
number and the real number again is zero
Donald Trump lost zero friends on 9/11
Donald Trump attended zero 9/11 funerals
Donald Trump's stole the grief of
hundreds of families who lost a loved
one on 9/11 and tried to make it his own
for political reasons that is how deep
and perverse Donald Trump's lying is
Donald Trump's lying is worse it is
uglier than any
they're public liar in American history
and this week he lied for political
advantage about the families of the
Korean War dead in the same breath that
he praised the North Korean dictator who
holds on to power in North Korea from
murder and torture and terrorizing the
entire population of North Korea you are
never going to see a satisfying
interview of Donald Trump an interview
where he is successfully challenged on
every lie because Donald Trump will
never submit to an interview where that
could possibly happen and the news media
is never going to be able to keep up
with all of Donald Trump's lies after he
tells them and so you as a citizen have
a new job you must protect yourselves
from the lies of Donald Trump you must
do your own homework to expose Donald
Trump's lies to yourself and your family
and your friends and your fellow
citizens the President of the United
States is a deeply sick pathological and
perverse liar who will lie about
anything at any time and that changes
changes utterly the nature of your job
as a citizen thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
