we were told it would be over 500 pages
I personally expected small type I
expected my beleaguered little office
printer to be getting quite a workout I
expected to give myself eyeball strain I
did not expect this page left
intentionally blank and there was a
whole bunch of them actually blank pages
intentional and explicitly so I thank
you truly from the bottom of my heart
this this this puppy this long-awaited
Justice Department Inspector General
report is 568 dense pages about the
handling of the Clinton email
investigation during the 2016
presidential campaign it is leavened by
a few intentionally blank pages bottom
line the IG says there was no political
bias infecting the investigation itself
but the IG concludes that the then FBI
director James Comey basically seriously
screwed up when he made the public
statements that he did about the Clinton
investigation the IG seriously implies
that those were made basically in
response to criticism of the FBI public
criticism the FBI for not being hard
enough on Hillary Clinton here to help
us understand its congressman Adam
Schiff the ranking member of the House
Intelligence Committee congressman thank
you for joining us appreciate having you
here tonight it's great to be with you
this is a remarkable window into the
behavior of the the FBI and the Justice
Department you heard what my bottom line
takeaway is from this report I'm curious
as to what yours is well it's very much
the same I think there's no question
that director Comey and the FBI were
reacting to these constant Republican
attacks you're being too easy on Hillary
you're being too easy on Hillary and
there was one other thing of course and
that is that James Comey thought that
Hillary Clinton was going to win and I
think that also informed his
decision-making but you're right to
point all this out because we are at
risk of making the same mistake again
as you have the Republicans once again
beating up on the Department of Justice
you also have them demanding information
in the name of transparency and one
thing that the report really didn't go
into is that part of James commis
mistake part
his Maximus transparency policy
outweighs the department rules and
regulations was providing information to
Congress providing witness interviews
302s to Congress testifying about the
details of a pending or closed case or a
soon to be reopened case all of that at
the time he called transparency and at
the time I remember saying what you're
calling transparency will soon come to
be known by another name and that is
mistake but we're at risk of that
mistake again in terms of the
interactions between the Justice
Department and Congress this issue of
transparency handing stuff over about
ongoing investigations I have to ask you
about a briefing that I believe you
attended today from senior intelligence
and law enforcement officials briefing
leadership in Congress including
yourself as the top Democrat on the
Intelligence Committee about aspects of
the Russia investigation this was a
follow-up briefing to an earlier
transmittal of information that
Republicans had demanded what can you
tell us about that briefing today and
whether you think it was proper well and
this is the parallel that I was
mentioning Rachel we're in the Clinton
email investigation you had then again
Republicans in Congress demanding
information about the investigation so
that they could make it public and they
could continue to beat up the Justice
Department and tear down Hillary Clinton
I hear you have Republicans on the
Intelligence Committee Government Reform
Committee and the Judiciary Committee
likewise demanding information from the
FBI the Department of Justice which they
hope to use against the department which
they hope to use to support and defend
the president and which Rudy Giuliani
has said he fully expects to get his
hands on that's even more gross and
abuse than perhaps we saw during the
Clinton email investigation and
congressional behavior there but all I
can tell you in terms of the substance
of our meeting today is that the
conclusion we reached after the last
briefing that the president's claim of
politically embedded spies was bogus of
remains bogus there is still no evidence
to support that is there anything that's
being handed over in these briefings
that is likely to give the president's
defense our people who are potential
important witnesses in
case surrounding the president an
improper look at the ongoing
investigation or what prosecutors are
pursuing well this is the kind of
information and I can't go into any
specifics but it's not the kind of
information that is normally turned over
to Congress during a pending
investigation and this is why it raises
such alarm bells with me
what's more certainly in our committee
and I think with mr. Gowdy and the
governor reform committee the whole
purpose of seeking it is not to do
oversight is to try to help the
president's legal defense so it comes
out of an improper motive but in terms
of whether we'll ultimately have that
impact on the investigation
that depends on whether those that
receive the information abuse it I have
to hope that they won't but the record
of some of the people who are making the
request is not very fortuitous
in that regard congressman Adam Schiff
the top Democrat on the Intelligence
Committee thank you very much your time
tonight sir it's good to have you here
thank you all right lots more to get to
tonight on what as I said has been a
blockbuster news day senator Elizabeth
Warren is gonna be here live in studio
in just a moment stay with us hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
