the internal watchdog at the DOJ Michael
Horowitz released his long-awaited
report on how James Comey and the FBI
handled the Clinton email probe report
about a probe that faced intense
political scrutiny and it's already
getting some of the same treatment
tonight but let's focus on the key facts
and legal issues in this report not
cherry-picking it for any particular
agenda here is how the FBI director
explained the big takeaway just within
the last hour this report did not find
any evidence of political bias or
improper considerations actually
impacting the investigation under review
that's one top line but let's dig in and
do this right now the first fact that I
think comes through is that under Comey
the FBI was obsessed with managing its
media perception instead of just doing
its job and letting the chips fall and
that's not illegal it's not even always
a fireable offense but the report shows
the FBI leadership obsessed with
appearance and their own predictions of
how a decision might play out in the
political arena consider this 84
references to appearance in this report
39 mentions is of reputation another 33
to perception and that's because there
are many many sentences in here in this
exhaustive 500-page report about
managing perception although it finds no
laws were broken and it finds that a lot
of people exercised poor judgment and
then defended their choices as essential
to help manage the FBI's reputation that
for example is how the report treats
Loretta Lynch's tarmac meeting with Bill
Clinton it notes they didn't discuss the
Hillary case so it was legally okay but
it looked bad and the report is much
harder on James Comey it echoes experts
who says all of his public of moding
about the clinton case violated policy
but again notes those are matters of
judgment and commis motivation was that
he thought those actions would basically
make the FBI look good as you probably
know they didn't and call me being Comey
he says he'd do it all over the same way
even in hindsight and this has been one
of the world's most painful experiences
I would make the same decision the
report is of course more it's about more
than any one official which is
useful as you think about reform
remember commis deputies Andy McCabe and
he's a key witness to potential
Whitehouse obstruction and thus he's
someone Trump is targeted so the author
of this report Michael Horowitz departed
from another DOJ policy himself and
basically looked like he was obeying
Trump's timeline to criticize McCabe for
how he talked about his media contacts
regarding the Clinton investigations
some experts say that calls into doubt
Horowitz's judgment and now this report
shows just how common FBI media contacts
are Horowitz noting profound concerns
about how many unauthorized contacts
there were between the FBI personnel and
the press I'm going to show you charts
based on the report that show how
frequent it was for FBI employees there
the all the different nodes of that of
that circle contacting reporters in 2016
alone or this chart where you have a
reporter reaching 18 FBI employees and
another reporter on the phone with FBI
employees including executives and
special agents up to 30 times and they
weren't just talking to each other the
report finds FBI employees got tickets
to sporting events and golf outings and
drinks with the media when the report
suggests all of that media management is
excessive for the FBI we also know and
this is kind of interesting they weren't
very good at it
the report notes that even though there
were recusal specifically to avoid the
appearance of a pro Clinton bias that's
something the FBI kept secret even
though the whole purpose was to avoid a
perception of bias if something is
supposed to address a public perception
it doesn't work if it's secret which
this new report notes saying this
approach quote made no sense now if we
take a breath you might say Ari this is
a lot of talk about perception in the
media yes that's the problem we don't
really need an FBI that's good at
reputation management or reacting to
Republicans in Congress we need an
Federal Bureau of Investigation that's
good at federal investigations this
reports a reminder of how many serious
people in Washington clearly don't
understand how their world has already
changed these are not normal times if
you're watching the news right now I bet
you know that but this report shows many
FBI leaders operating on the
ridiculous premise and if they could
just publicly explain to their harshest
partisan critics and their tormentors
and right-wing media why they think they
did the right thing then the perception
would relate to that truth that people
would treat them fairly
maybe there was a bygone era when that
was true but it's not what happened in
2016 and you know it's not the way it
works today
now I got to tell you something else the
report reveals an FBI agent involved in
the Clinton case had really bad judgment
talking tough and writing that maybe
quote will stop it when it comes to
Trump's election and that's an
unacceptable motive for any FBI agent
although the good news is for America
the report finds those kind of texts
well they did damage the reputation
notice that obsession again but it also
finds the good news that while the agent
talked tough he did not act on that and
no one else did inside the FBI
as for reputation there's another
discovery from this report that I got a
highlight for you and actually I think
we have to we got to go ahead and change
the monitor can we do that yes but his
emails because this report notes that
while James Comey was out there slamming
Clinton for her personal email use he
was using his own personal email for FBI
business it does not get more absurd
than this there is evidence that they
were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive highly
classified information now you can see
there from the report it says call me
used his personal email accounts to
conduct FBI business busted that is new
tonight and let me tell you something
that is foot spa on steroids times a
million now ultimately law and order is
not just about perception it's about
justice the report has some pretty
careful language written in a loyally
way that still fundamentally roasts
James Comey and that adds to the public
criticism about his whole handling of
the case so you may hear some people
particularly political people on the
right say all of this shows why he
should be fired
which of course is a reasonable
hypothetical but also irrelevant because
the president told Lester Holt this is
not why he
Komi and that firing itself is part of
what bob Muller's investigating an
investigation that trump appointees like
rod rosen Stein of the new FBI director
are constitutionally required to support
and that is where the implication of
some of the findings in this report
matter most
beyond perception of media contacts if
those leaders still think they can work
the refs and can negotiate on due
process or on the facts with the people
whose stated goal is to stop
investigations to undermine law
enforcement and the current open probe
and we could all face something much
more grave than perception or inspector
general reports we could face the clash
of conscience that comes when law
enforcement leaders have to choose
between the pressure they face the
pressure on the perception and the
Constitution they're duty-bound to serve
that could be up ahead and that's why
it's called a constitutional crisis hey
I'm already melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our youtube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
