Figg won tonight Donald Trump sure does
do a lot of campaign rallies more than
40 event on the schedule and just the
three months before the midterms alone
and until very recently he could count
on every single one of those rallies
being aired in full unedited on
fact-checked unquestioned by his
enthusiastic media partners at Trump TV
breaking tonight President Trump stands
strong amid the Kavanagh controversy
with a rousing rally in West Virginia of
course speaking at a rally at Elkhart
Indiana what you think mark I think it
was pretty done good judge what you
think of it well I thought it was
vintage Donald Trump I think that he
gets energy from the audience they get
energy from him he was everything
tonight the president was on a tear it
was it was the you know the best of kind
of thick of the campaign and and he
reminded everyone I beat all these
candidates you watched it here live the
President of the United States fired up
a packed crowd in Wheeling West Virginia
in another raucous rally taking on his
opponents and touting a long list of
accomplishments he loves being out with
the people he like this is what this is
what he's built for let me just say I
know what it looks like when someone on
cable news is trying to muster the
energy to say the same thing for the
hundredth time now the president is
built for rallying and Trump TV is built
for transmitting those rallies without
the slightest bit of shame remember this
one in June Trump rally live and only on
Fox News other networks ignore
presidential rally well maybe those
other networks were onto something like
what if those Trump rallies got bad
ratings for Trump TV at think 2 in 60
seconds so if you dear viewer wanted to
watch the Trump rally on Tuesday night
you probably went over to Trump TV where
you've been able to watch every other
one of them but instead you would have
found this guy in the trunk rally
timeslot Tucker Carlson complaining
about Anti Fog violence out of control
the rally in fact wasn't aired live on
any
major networks even c-span reportedly
cut away from where other news
apparently Trump rallies just aren't
reading like they used to and there's so
many of them and they're all the same
and so Trump TV reportedly doesn't want
to give up so much prime time real
estate anymore not their prime time real
estate is so discernible from a trunk
rally anyway Politico says the Trump
White House is not happy a senior
official says they're going to quote
look into that last night after another
rally when untelevised the president
gave the channel two different phone
interviews one after 11 p.m.
another early this morning so thirsty
perhaps in an attempt to sweeten the pot
but for now Tucker is back giving you
the good stuff watch this Michelle which
says that you know when they go they go
low we kick them yeah yells the mob why
not shoot them or burn them good
question why not
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
