his Donald Trump the new big bed bear of
the Republican Party back in the time of
Ronald Reagan they said it was Russia we
needed to fear you know those people
over in Moscow there is a bear in the
woods for some people the bear is easy
to see others don't see it at all
some people say the bear is tame others
say it's vicious and dangerous since no
one can really be sure who's right isn't
it smart to be as strong as the bear if
there is a bear
well now the Republicans are afraid of a
new big bad bear it is right here in
this country a lot of them would vote
for it if it came to vote but no no no
gosh we we might poke the bear it's a
language I've been hearing in the
hallways we we might poke the bear the
president might get upset with us as
United States senators if we vote on the
corker amendment so we're gonna do
everything we can to block it has a gun
in this bed that the Republican Party is
no longer driven by a desire to protect
the country from a foreign foe but to
protect its own members from getting
beaten by its own leader good evening
I'm Chris Mattie's in Washington the
transition of the Republican Party is
now complete once the party the champion
cold warriors like Ronald Reagan is now
the party that blindly follows its own
bear Donald Trump throughout his
presidency Trump has rebuffed Republican
orthodoxy
he's also cozied up to the same
autocratic leaders Republicans once
repudiated Republicans are learning that
pledge allegiance to their leader or pay
the price the New York Times reports a
party that once championed free trade
has now largely turned to protectionism
under mr. Trump sermons about
inclusivity have been replaced with
demagogic attacks
on immigrants and black athletes a trust
but verify approach to foreign policy
has given way to a seat-of-the-pants
style in which rogue regimes like North
Korea are elevated and democratic allies
like Canada are belittled the president
even seems to be toeing the Moscow line
on some of his foreign policy decisions
according to The Wall Street Journal
Putin gave Trump the ideas
top joint military exercises with South
Korea well the current share of the
Republican Party run of Romney McDaniel
had a very stark warning to any
Republican who dares to oppose the
president she tweeted complacency as our
enemy anyone that does not embrace
Donald Trump's agenda of making America
great again
will be making a mistake her tweet which
caused some pushback was a reference to
these comments she made one Fox anyone
who doesn't embrace the Trump agenda and
doesn't recognize the issues that
propelled us to victory in the White
House is going to be making a mistake
for more drama you me shouts enter
buenos reporter for a PBS Newshour and
MSNBC political analyst David corn
Washington bureau chief or mother jones
david jolly former republican
congressman from florida and rubber
constant national political reporter for
The Washington Post also at MSNBC
political analyst David a jolly I want
to talk to you about your Republican
Party is it still there is the big bad
bear now the man you're afraid to poke
it used to be the Russians it used to be
our enemies now it's the leader of the
party it was so fearful so fearsome I
should say that that's the number one
goal of any elected official
do not miss or do not as bob Corker said
dare poke the bear now that's right
Chris look that the GOP that we knew is
dead it's over this is the party of
Donald Trump not just because of shifts
in policy we see evolution of policies
at time in both parties but the tone of
the party has changed dramatically and
the imprint of Donald Trump has forever
changed the party consider Reagan spoke
to the better angels Bush 41 spoke to a
thousand points of light Bush 43 to
compassionate conservatives conservatism
Donald Trump uttered in tones of
American carnage and what a lot of
people believe as mean-spirited bigotry
he has led his followers through gas
lighting and through lies and as a
result he has broken the back of the
mainstream GOP it no longer exists well
let me go to Robert Coast on this
because it seems to me the Republican
Party used to be somewhat somewhat
libertarian a congressman falls in love
with a woman from Buenos Aires and says
he's on the Appalachian Trail hiking and
they say well love is love love is blind
he made a bit of form
but he's going to be our congressman and
then the guy did something really evil
he dared to challenge run a president
Trump he dared to do something that was
weirdly in orth unorthodox what do you
make of that that's the sin you can't
commit at this point no one's spoiling
for a fight with President Trump in the
2020 primary race but what's as a
longtime reporter on the GOP but what's
surprising is that this orthodoxy from
President Reagan has survived so long
parties evolved parties sometimes die
and this populism has gripped elements
of the Democratic Party and of course
the Republican Party in recent years as
different voters have struggled with the
global economy but the bushes pushed
we had the NAFTA Trump was a president
reagan was a free trader he was the guy
that believed in coalition building
George senior Bush was a giant at the
coalition building in the first Gulf War
they used to be proud of their ability
to assemble and there James Baker the
Secretary of State our Ally's that was a
proud aspect the Republican Party now
we're cashiering our al allies Robert de
trenes they're transactional Chris in
this Republican Congress they tell me
they got the tax cut they got the
conservative judges on the different
courts including on the Supreme Court
and so they're willing to have a
transactional relationship with this
outsider figure who has somehow taken
over a party that was traditional that
was conservative because that's the only
way they feel they can survive they talk
to their own voters in their states in
their district and they say the voters
are with Trump well we'll see what's
left when he's going anyway president
Trump commended Kim jong-un is a tough
guy as Fox News anchor Bret Baier
pressed the president about human rights
abuses under him let's watch that
exchange we call people sometimes
killers
he's a killer he's executed hey when you
take over a country tough country people
and you take it over from your father I
don't care who you are what you are how
much of an advantage you have if you
could do that at 27 years old you I mean
that's one in 10,000 that could do that
so he's a very smart guy he's a great
negotiator but I think we understand
each other
but he still some done some really bad
things yeah but so have a lot of other
people done some really bad things I
mean I could go through a lot of nations
where a lot of bad things were done
that's godfather talking sure he's the
president's nonchalant attitude toward
the North Korean leaders abusive tactics
mimic something he once said about Putin
let's watch he's running this country
and at least he's a leader you know
unlike what we have in this country but
again he kills journalists that don't
agree with him well I think our country
does plenty of killing also Joe so right
now Joe a lot of killing going on a lot
of stupidity
so thuggish this is okay as long as
you're by pal well this is not about
just this is frightening talk yeah it's
not just about a policy shift this is
about values he is praising I mean it's
okay to meet with your enemy we try to
do this all the time to negotiate arms
deals we don't like the Iranian leaders
but he meets with this guy who is a
Turkish dictator who employs death camps
summary executions mass forced
starvation and he says hey pretty good
guy he's doing this to 27
how old was Hitler when he took over the
the German government I mean he seems to
have no feeling for any sense of values
American values or any other and the
scary thing is he can talk this way and
there's not a single appoint a political
appointee or aid in his administration
who finds or takes offense with this and
says I can't work for a guy who praises
a fellow who runs concentration camps
and Republicans on the hill except for
corker don't help you don't hear a peep
out of them this is about values it's
not about a change in policies well that
means I was amazed at this purging
because I think FDR didn't even defend
our wartime and how I Joseph Stalin on
the purges and that kind of stuff this
guy is now purging people in his own
party look at Mark Sanford he purged him
the other night and said you're out of
here and he boarded it worked but here's
the thing
president Trump was always about a cult
of personality and people aren't scared
about President Trump as much as they're
scared as Robert said about his voters
what you're having is massive amounts of
people millions of people who voted
for Donald Trump because they saw just
I'm strong man they saw this idea that
someone who had a lot of money who was
successful they weren't talking about
people that had republican values or
republican policies i argue that the
moment that he won that nomination is
the moment the republican party knew but
they were that the party that they knew
was no longer there because President
Trump is is praising all these people he
doesn't care about right there look look
I my father was one there are people
that are just sort of cloth coat regular
not rich Republicans who believe in
small government believe in lower taxes
didn't like communists these were true
values and you say it's the Republican
Party what happened I was like anger has
replaced values it has replaced the
ideology I think you're right I think
it's about greed well said the retiring
senator bob Corker of tennessee is one
of the few who dares to speak out
against this president yesterday he said
the republican party was becoming a
cultish thing that's cu l let's watch
look we're in a strange place I mean
it's almost you know been a it's
becoming a cultish thing isn't it and
it's it's it's not a good place for any
party to end up with a cult-like
situation well the president's eldest
son Donald Trump jr. was asked about the
Senators comments here's what he had to
say about corker I think that's
ridiculous I think you know if it's a
cult it's because they like what my
father's doing okay fine let me get back
to David Charlie you've been elected to
be servant to serve in Congress by a
Republican membership down in Tampa area
those people down in Tampa those
Republicans that I have they gotten so
angry as David corn said that their
anger their resentment against the
establishment this could be so great it
overrides all other beliefs all other
principles it is and those are the
cultish elements and and the North Korea
example is very informative look this is
a president who has historically
incompetent when it comes to foreign
affairs but he's not selling his base on
his competence or on the merits of the
North Korea meeting he's selling his
base on his own strength the fact that
this is a a president now that they can
believe in that is a that is yes a
strong man but somebody that can
to dictators and noticed the underlying
element of this as well
a president who retreats from his own
peers at the g7 who cannot go toe to toe
with people equally as competent and
supporters of free democracy in a free
world instead he positions himself with
a much weaker dictator on the on the
world stage to show his base that he is
a strong president they are believing in
his strength not in this competency is
this some sort of real well it's not
populism or it's sort of no nothing as
are you are his people so anti foreign
anti even Canadian anti-european
that they'll take his side against
people who are pretty much our people
our friends over there you know I think
what he is done there's a circle that
they hated a trace of mate
Justin Trudeau they really despise those
people enough to join the president
bullying them around this this is where
we have to call president Trump to task
for something as very shameful behavior
the elements of xenophobia frankly of
racism and bigotry have been existed in
the Republican Party but we have seen
past presidents shun those elements
Donald Trump is embrace those it was
part of his path to victory I'm just
gonna say when you're out there talking
to people there was also this idea that
when they hurt America first they saw
everybody that was an American as an
enemy so I covered the g7 I was in
Canada and it was shocking to see him
basically talk all this trash about
Justin Trudeau and then get on a plane
and not be able to even sign a joint
communique with our allies and then come
out with a joint statement for North
Korea but his the people that I talk to
are eating it up they're saying this is
what we wanted is what we voted for
Robert I think it was Popeye Doyle in
French Connection to who said I'd rather
be a lamppost in New York than the
president of France is that his son is
that the sentiment of our president
today he'd rather be a lamppost in New
York than president of France yes maybe
I should just leave it there but I mean
you can stitch this all together okay
all right I'll leave it there then
I love you yes sir let's go yummy sauce
in there David Correy David John and the
great Robert Kosta I'm in a few words
very Gary Cooper if you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
