Kristopher ray about it 20 minute press
conference there I would say about a
five minute opening statement took a
number of questions I think an important
moment for the FBI director there he
should have drained that room of
questions and I think he did pretty good
job Ben witness is still with us he's an
MSNBC legal analyst editor of law fair
Matt Miller former Justice Department
spokesman also still with us and my
panel of shamed and yellow Ramesh
let me get quick reactions I'll start
Ben witness from you well I think there
are probably a lot of people in the FBI
who are going to be anxious after that
press conference painful I think Ramesh
said too because he's used painfully
painful consequences was that painfully
clear a couple of times which sounded to
us like he wants that to be a fireable
offense now yeah and he um he you know
specifically said that after the OPR
process he won't hesitate to hold people
accountable and I think there probably
that noises like that from the director
in public particularly a director who
has been so reticent about saying
anything in public will be heard very
loudly around the FBI building and I
think a lot of people in that building
will you know worry that the leadership
is you know not standing up for the
rank-and-file of the institution or is
not doing it as aggressively as they
people would like you know Matt Bell
arrived was amused by the the director
saying they're gonna put all these FBI
agents through this new training and I'm
thinking okay but you're in the middle
of perhaps the single most important
investigation in the history of the FBI
right now so you're gonna build this
plane as you take off yeah I don't think
he has any choice look I thought he was
trying to do a few things in that press
conference there was a little bit of
admonished to the workforce you know
stop leaking stop texting things you
shouldn't be texting there was a little
bit of talk about bureaucratic reforms
he wants to put in place but then I
thought the part that was a really
important moment for him for the FBI and
really for the country was the thing he
started with the fact that you know
really hitting home the point that the
IG found no evidence of political bias
and I thought he was sending him
message really to the American people
that these arguments you hear from the
president from members of Congress about
the FBI being biased they're not true we
follow the facts we follow the law I
think he was really trying to defend the
work force from these attacks they hear
from the president but also send a
message more broadly heard him talk
about the impact of juries that you know
they need to they need to believe that
FBI agents are telling the truth he's
trying to reassure the American public
that the attacks they hear just aren't
based in reality
Ramesh twice it's clear questioners were
trying to ask about the president's
criticisms of the FBI twice director Ray
seem to say the opinion that I care
about the most which of course what led
also will somebody follow up if he cares
about the president's opinion yeah well
I mean it's a tricky situation right you
can see why he doesn't want to openly
say that he doesn't but you know the FBI
is part of the executive branch you've
got the head of the executive branch
branch constantly trashing the FBI
sometimes saying just the top leadership
of the FBI but still and and it's
another impossible situation that the
FBI is in I'm kind of amazed that nobody
asks that question well I think in
fairness they're all they have never had
a press conference or they you know I
you know think about baby that was a
completely a very unusual situation so
you know let me can give our give our
brother in there a little bit of a break
Shane yeah I thought it was also
interesting when he was asked by one of
the reporters there what is the one word
you would use to describe as report
disappointed was the word right there's
lots of Defense's of the political are
sort of the investigative integrity of
the bureau that larger point is driven
home but I think he really wanted to
leave people with the understanding that
this does not sit well with me and I'm
not just gonna let this go this is gonna
be a moment it's a teachable moment for
the bureau and they're gonna be
consequences disappointed is a very
interesting word for him to choose he
didn't hesitate with it either
I thought it's interesting and Ben you
really have painted a more bleaker
picture of what you think the
rank-and-file are going to think there
than I would have expected but let me
you know he really got into the leak
issue and with the four of us around
this table we're talking about okay the
FBI needs to stop leaking to the press
but sometimes they're communicating with
Congress and its Congress it's members
of Congress that do this leaking
issue that comes with FBI information
that to me is a part of this perception
problem that I don't know how the FBI
can fix so I agree with that and you
know a lot of the disclosures of
investigative material don't come from
the FBI they come from you know
individual members of Congress
individual members of Congress and and
also you know defense lawyers who
interact with the bureau and look I
didn't mean to be too much of a debbie
downer about the about the directors
comments I actually thought that there
were I thought his initial presentation
in which he you know talked about the
integrity of the underlying
investigation and talked about and I
agree very much with Matt that that his
his articulation of who the stakeholders
are whom whose opinions he really cares
about was thoughtful and and moving
I do think anytime you have a massive
report like this that identifies a whole
bunch of line people and some of them by
name and some of them not by name and
the director of the FBI stands up and
says I'm referring a bunch of people to
OPR that is something that has a you
know that that sounds like a big bell in
the institution gotcha and you know
that's a message he's trying to send to
the work force and I'm sure it was heard
by the way before the press conference
from Christopher rayet asked Jennifer
Palmieri if we had heard from Hillary
Clinton yet at the time we hadn't but
she has tweeted let me put up her first
tweet in response to the IG report and
she retweets Kyle Cheney in here who the
tweet the original tweet says IG found
that on numerous occasions Comey used a
personal gmail account to conduct
official FBI business according to
source beeped on the report and Hillary
Clinton retweets it when comments but my
emails Daniela what do you think of that
being her very first response to this I
literally laughed out loud and
lol okay okay yes look I am sure maybe
she wanted to tweet something else lucky
it is snarky but you know what she's a
right to be snarky she's right to be
angry about it that's the irony the
hypocrisy whatever you want to call it
mm-hmm it's astounding so like I feel
like that's a nice measured tweet that
she said Ramesh how's the alright gonna
take that it was bitterly funny and it
was understandably bitter but commis
misconduct does not excuse hearse and if
she had not done what she did she
probably would win that election Jane
she's not over it she's not gonna be
over she'll never be over she the george
mcgovern line you know Mondale asked him
what did you get over it he says I'll
let you know right she's perfect
she should let people know that we're
also in an era of snark tweets coming
from 1600 Pennsylvania town for this in
many ways and so I don't think we should
be remotely surprised at that session
Matt Miller final question for you
because one of the things that director
Ray was talking about was leaks and how
they gonna stop leaks I feel like if you
chase leaks all you do is create more
leaks yeah you could but I'll tell you
he's right the Inspector General report
is right that there is a deep cultural
problem of leaking at the FBI a lot of
it doesn't come from that comes from
Congress comes from defense lawyers but
it is something I struggled with
constantly at the Justice Department
where the leaks from the building across
the street he's got a big task on his
hands you know it is an impossible
situation the FBI is very decentralized
but sending that message I think is one
that cannot hurt I'll tell you hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
