now to the thousands of children who
have been separated from their parents
along the southern border and packed
into dozens of shelters ever since the
Trump administration announced a zero
tolerance policy that separates
undocumented parents from their kids the
number of kids in government custody has
spiked right now the HHS is housing more
than 11,000 migrant children and that
number is getting bigger every day
in fact those shelters are so packed
right now that the government is
reportedly looking into building talking
about budgets building tent cities to
accommodate the overflow MSNBC's Jacob
Soboroff
got an extraordinary first-hand look at
one of those shelters a converted
Walmart known as Casa Padre Jacob talk
us through this I read your Twitter feed
last night and it was stunning some of
these kids are 10 years old and the
images that we've seen I know you
couldn't bring any cameras in you were
not allowed to tape any of it anything
we've seen the government has provided
this doesn't feel like we're in the
United States yeah I said and thanks
Steph because I saw that you shared that
last night and this is a story that
needs to be told and a story that needs
to be shared I've been inside you know
federal prison I've been inside county
jails they call this place a shelter but
effectively these kids are incarcerated
inside here there's over 1,400 kids that
go to sleep every night inside this
former Walmart and there are more
children in there now and there have
ever been before the Department of
Health and Human Services and Vytas and
cycles I think they wanted to show us
you know relatively speaking how good
the conditions are I guess you could say
I mean there are licensed professionals
in there that are taking care of the
children there are not cages there are
not fences that have been described at
some of the Border Patrol station but
the reality is these kids and an
increasing number of them are alone
because they were ripped apart from
their parents because of the
zero-tolerance policy from the Trump
administration they look at some of the
pictures right now but they walk out
there on the yard and they're only
outside we're showing the outside
pictures they're only outside for two
hours a day they're inside a former
Walmart 22 hours a day for around two
months if not longer it's it is it is
jail or prison like conditions without
the cells is the best way that I could
describe it to you
what was the environment what was the
tone when you and those kids looked at
one another well check this out so when
you go in an official from the shelter
says to you to me please smile at these
kids they don't see people from the
outside all that often and they feel
like animals and cages being looked at
which was shocking to actually hear from
them because there aren't cages in there
but that's that's the vibe that is what
these kids are going through on an
everyday basis they have it's organized
chaos I guess is how I describe it I
mean they have structured time to do
everything but it's a bunch of 10 to 17
year old boys without parents or or
family and it's one one staff member at
the shelter for every eight kids so I
mean just by the virtue of the numbers
it's an overwhelming experience in there
even though they're going to class is
six hours a day and they get to go
outside two hours a day and they go to
meals on rotating schedules three times
a day it's it's bleak honestly is how I
would describe well what's the plan
where are they supposed to go from here
the supposed to be matched with it with
a sponsor and then the sponsor is
supposed to pick them up and then they
go to immigration court hearing and we
know that you know many of the sponsors
don't show up for that immigration court
hearing the change now again in the
self-inflicted crisis is our colleague
Julie Ainsley has put it by the Trump
administration many of these kids an
increasing number are unaccompanied
minors that are ripped apart from their
parents so their parents are actually in
federal prison they got to figure out
where their parents are before they're
able to reunite with their parents and
and get out and then once they get up
they don't know they're going to be
deported I'm all because of this new
this new policy by the Trump
administration that's decided the
designed I should say to deter people
from even trying to get into the country
which you know critics say doesn't even
work my goodness all right Jacob stay
with me extraordinary reporting I really
appreciate you doing this this is a
story that needs to be told I wanna
bring my panel and Robert Kosta national
political reporter for the Washington
Post also the moderator of Washington
week on PBS Jonathan Kaye part of the
Washington Post where he's an opinion
writer and my old friend Brendan Greeley
editor of the economic research note all
we know so far Robert I got to go to you
first why why I don't even understand
why this is happening he doesn't get a
lot of attention but think about who's
still inside of the White House Steven
Miller and you see course have president
Trump as his his his boss and they
believe in hardline conservative
immigration policy so as much as
congressional Republicans and some
moderate Republicans on Capitol Hill are
talking about taking action on daca or
moving forward to a more centrist
position on immigration this
administration this White House
continues to push for these sorts of
policies
what is this immigration problem that
they're talking about so much because
that's what I don't understand there's
this there are these two narratives out
of the administration that I'm confused
by on one hand the president greatest
jobs number ever look at us out there
full employment beautiful love it and on
the other look at those Mexican
immigrants stealing our jobs so which
one is it
if these Mexicans are coming in here
stealing the jobs of the Forgotten
American how is it that everybody seems
to have a job that's a rational question
that deserves a rational answer there
isn't one because there's no rational
policy here
ultimately and this is what is happening
in Jacobs report and I'm so glad that he
has been all over our airwaves talking
about this this is an out-of-body
experience watching watching these these
pictures watching Jacobs report
listening to what he's reporting that's
not the America I know I'm wondering
where is the shame where is the outrage
from Capitol Hill about what's happening
where are the calls for hearing where is
the righteous indignation where is the
party of family values Nancy Pelosi said
where are people of faith okay but
completely perverse moment so take
humanity out of it Brendan let's go
economics you do have six million people
in this country that do not have jobs
you have lagging wages those people need
to get retrained and look at the amount
of money that has being spent
fruitlessly on this for no reason it
solves no problem I'm actually even
slightly more cynical than you are about
this if that's possible I'm not
which is I think that we're carrying out
a policy now that is perfectly designed
to depress wages in America so what we
know about immigration we know 11
million undocumented immigrants is the
best guess that we have is that it's
lack of documentation that drives down
wages there's about a 20 percent gap
between lack of documentation and the
immigrants who are documented there's
almost no gap between documented
immigrants and when you have no papers
you can be paid almost nothing 100%
welcome to the meatpacking industry
right so that's how that works so what
we've done now is we've made it even
more difficult for people to be
undocumented in America which gives
their employers even more pressure over
them and my question is if we really
want to solve this problem
where are the arrests of the employers
right why is there not a raid on
absolutely anyone who might possibly
employ an illegal immigrant and why
aren't they being arrested and separated
from their families right if we want to
solve the problem that is the wage
differential that might be driving down
wages it's possible that it is let's
actually solve the problem and I think
that what this is what we're seeing
right now is a lack of honesty in
America about who does the jobs in
America this is a great point
Jacob I want to bring you back in you
were saying earlier there are more kids
expected as this backlog grows how the
court can it came up with keep up with
this yeah it's already a problem you
have these massive court cases where you
have 70 to 100 undocumented immigrants
at the federal courthouse coming in at a
time and then these people are remanded
by the judge to the to the US Marshal
Service and they go into federal prison
and they talk to somebody at down to the
courthouse the other day and she said
quote unquote is ridiculous how many
people are coming in here and it's it's
just not sustainable I just wanted stuff
I want to go back to something you were
talking about earlier I mean the
president's justification for doing all
this stuff undocumented people are
bringing drugs the violence is pouring
across the border all you do is look at
the reports from our own DEA that says
spillover violence is not a
a credible threat in the United States
despite the fact that there's drug war
violence it happens on the other side of
the border I've been down there I've
seen it to talk about drugs that are
coming we need a wall to put up a wall
to stop these people from coming in
drugs come through the legal ports of
entry and then when you talk about
people coming in from work the Border
Patrol chief in this sector manny
padilla told me half of the people that
are coming in here are not coming as
economic refugees or migrants they're
coming to seek asylum from dangerous
street gangs like ms-13 or the 18th
street gang which by the way just yet he
says there's a culture of violence in
Central and South America ms-13 and the
18th Street gang were created in Los
Angeles and deported to those countries
and that's what people are fleeing from
Wow all right Robert Costa you're saying
look inside the white house and pointing
to Stephen Miller let's go outside the
White House Corey Stewart anti-immigrant
platform wins in Virginia Stephen King
retweets a neo-nazi Paul Ryan
undercutting a daca solution what a
Stephen King Steve King excuse me Steve
King and you got Paul Ryan undercutting
a daca solution so you can point to
Stephen Miller
but where's Congress where's the
Republican Party we have a front-page
story my colleagues and I in today's
Washington Post about how President
Trump has a total grip over the GOP and
if you think immigration policy is going
to change at all think again inside of
the White House on Capitol Hill they're
already preparing this fall with the
upcoming spending bill to have a major
showdown over the border wall they're
looking to ramp up on these sorts of
immigration policies not wind down how
does he have a total grip nearly because
we look at primaries and a guy like Mark
Sanford doesn't win ok guess what he
maintained his pride if the Washington
Post asked you to do something
reprehensible you'd say no I need to
existed before you I will exist after
you the Republican Party is just saying
I'm gonna keep on rocking under this yes
no that's exactly what they're saying
and keep in mind the loss of Mark
Sanford congressman Sanford is huge
because it's not like he was a
middle-of-the-road ER or sometimes voted
with Democrats and
sometimes with Republicans this guy was
a was a not a far-right but a a
conservatives conservative a Republican
from South Carolina
they usually open up the dictionary to
Republican his face among a lot of
others used to pop up and he got popular
dictionary and all most about Republican
maybe dictionary you know you in the
three you mentioned three names Stephen
Miller Steve King and speaker Ryan I'm
gonna warn Stewart some horses in course
Israel I'm gonna leave off speaker Ryan
with Stephen Miller and and Corey
Stewart what we're talking about are
people who are pushing white supremacist
ideas
that's why immigration is being pushed
so hard when the Republican Party can
rally behind in Virginia Corey Stewart a
white supremacist one we shouldn't be
surprised because the President of the
United States ceded the moral authority
of the Oval Office by siding with white
supremacists in Charlottesville which is
coming up on the year anniversary and in
two months so the fact that Mark Sanford
got defeated the fact that Corey Stewart
won shows that yes Robert Robert is
right our story is right this is now no
longer the Republican Party as an
attorney of Donald Trump many sides he
said the same thing to Bret Baier when
asked about kim jeong-hoon and human
rights violations many people do lots of
bad things well no other country does
things to their people as bad as North
Korea Brendan last point I just we keep
talking about immigration policy I want
to make clear that what's happening
there on the border is not policy
thinking it is theater if we were on I
don't know but evidently they seem to
know their own voters know their own
because they were popular with them I
don't know what kind of it's not policy
we need to openly and honestly address
immigration policy in the United States
do we need a guest worker program it's
not my preference but we need to talk
about it this is not policy this is
arbitrarily detaining people who are
applying for asylum they're not even
economic illegal migrants they're
applying for asylum and their children
are being torn from them at the border
as they're arrested for what is by the
way a misdemeanor crossing the border
it's incomprehensible
but let's not call it policy you say for
whom the voters the Republican voters
who voted on Tuesday night an elected
Cory Stewart as their nominee and kicked
out mark Sanford that's for whom hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
