congressman so that's what life is like
for the kids you went in your state
Washington to see some of the moms give
us a sense what you saw what you
experienced and what they told you Chris
it was heartbreaking you know there are
sixteen hundred individuals who have
been transferred from the southern
border to Federal Bureau of Prisons
facilities across the country one of
them is in my home state just south of
Seattle and there are 206 individuals
who are being detained there I met with
all 174 of the women and they're being
held in three separate pods they talked
about how at a Federal Bureau of Prisons
this is the first place they've been
treated like human beings they were
called filthy disgusting but worst of
all their children were stripped away
from them
many of these mothers have been there in
detention various detention facilities
for over a month not a one of them had
spoken to their children most of them
had been deceived wait in a month they
had not had a chance to speak to the
children to a person not a one and many
of them in fact the majority only two of
them knew where their children were but
the rest of them had no idea where their
children were and they wept every single
time they talked about their children
and they talked about how they were
deceived how their children were taken
away from them through deception so in
other words they were sitting together
with their children when they turned
themselves into Border Patrol and then
they were told
oh we're just taking the children for a
bath or we need to take you for a
photograph or we need to take you to
court and when they came back the
children were not there in some cases
the mothers were literally sitting in a
room next to where the children were
being held and could hear their children
screaming could not hug them could not
explain anything to them and just were
heartbroken bereft and that probably
above everything else including the fact
that they described these conditions
within the Border Patrol and ice
facilities that
were horrendous not having clean
drinking water in some cases for five
days you know being put into what they
have nicknames for these facilities they
call them the icebox because the
temperatures are kept so cold many of
the women come across the Rio Grande
River so they're wet and then they're
put into these ice box facilities with
no blankets no mats another one that
they call the dog pound because it looks
like a kennel
with cages that they are held in thank
you for checking out our youtube channel
why don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
