we listen the president and Republicans
and numerous conservative commentators
the Battle of her Brett Kavanaugh wasn't
about gender it was about the
presumption of innocence was not about a
raw assertion of male power it was just
a complete total coincidence that the
president who nominated him is this guy
it's just a total coincidence the
Judiciary Committee that voted to
confirm him is this bunch and that the
Senate Republican Conference has 45 men
out of it's 51 senators it's not an old
boys club it's just a total coincidence
that this party which is a party running
currently a minus-35 gender gap a party
that's invested in taking away women's
self-determination bodily autonomy by
its commitment to repeal roe v wade is
the party with this man at its head and
this man has seen a blur in chief though
far from the sole enabler since there is
after all a full-throated poor judge
cabinet chorus of men often near tears
in his defense so it's just a
coincidence that after the culmination
of this entire battle that of course
again had nothing to do with gender
nothing to do with male power and in the
midst of the deal with Democrats to
confirm another 15 Trump federal court
nominations so everyone can go home in
the midst of that it's coincidence that
yesterday the Trump administration
rolled out its eighteenth wave of
judicial nominees to various federal
district and appellate court positions
and that they all well you know what I'm
just gonna read the names see if you can
find a pattern Joseph F Bianco Michael H
Park Patrick J boo Matei Daniel Pete
Collins Kenneth Cooley Stanley
Blumenfeld
Brian Z boy sure Clifton L corker Philip
M Halperin Thomas Marcel Matthew W
McFarland Jeremy B Rosen and Mark C scar
Z this is what they do after they
confirm Cavanaugh 13 men nominated
federal bench no women right after the
cabinet debacle they went over 13 and
they know exactly what they're doing
they're telling you who is in charge of
their party and who they want in charge
of the country no coincidences hey there
are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
