Oh Myka there's there's just so much
here that's it's it's just astounding
again I we've talked about the
Republican Party and where the
Republican Party's gone with the defeat
of Mark Sanford a man who was actually
endorsed by the freedom caucus who was
endorsed by Jim Jordan who was endorsed
by mark meadows who was endorsed by
anybody
Paul Ryan endorsed by anyone who
believes like Mark Sanford is believed
for a quarter of a century and smaller
government in less regulations in
entitlement reform in saving future
generations from massive overwhelming
debt for anybody who believes in that
mark Sanford was their candidate but for
those who didn't vote for Mark Sanford
it is it is an example of where the
Republican Party is gone and that it is
now it is a personality cult and you
know Eddie that may feel good in the
moment for Republicans in South Carolina
one that says the hell with conservative
principles the hell with our lifelong
belief in small government the hell with
everything that we and our party have
hold it have held dear for decades
we're now going to completely put our
conscience and our ideology in a blind
trust for Donald Trump that may feel
good today for my guess but boy a hard
rain's gonna fall come November in
places like Virginia and across the
country where they're electing these
extremists that pledge allegiance to
Donald Trump but don't but know nothing
about being conservative well Joe I
think you're right and you know as a
religious studies scholar I'm gonna put
my PhD hat on now and you know we got to
be careful with our use of the word cult
right because it doesn't really have
kind of the analytical clarity for us
that we might want it to do but I
understand what we're registering I just
wanted to say that from a former
scholars out there
I want to ask you this question though
Joe it's common political sense that
when Republicans run in their primaries
that they have to run right they have to
play to their base and in playing to
their base they knew that they could not
when it came to the general election
make the same claims that they would
have to run back in some ways to the
center what is happening to that logic
is it the case that the base that they
had to appeal to in the primary has now
metastasized and become the party itself
so what I'm trying to say is that are we
thinking about trumpism as something
distinct and unique from what's from
what was happening among Republicans
throughout their primaries or is or is
it some relation or is there some
relationship between the two because I'm
trying to think about trumpism as being
a part of the Republican Party that it
reflects Buchanan ISM it reflects what
Republicans had to do in terms of
appealing to their base in their primary
so I'm I'm trying to understand how we
describe trumpism in this moment does
that make sense
it does and there are two ways to look
at it you could first of all look at it
just in in terms of what's going on
today and you you could look at the
changes in the Republican Party that
there has been a dark underside to the
Republican Party and conservatism which
has usually been checked by whether it's
John McCain or Mitt Romney or George W
Bush our George HW Bush so Ronald Reagan
it that dark underbelly it has been
usually been checked by the leader of
the party Jeb Bush George W Bush George
HW Bush would always talk about it would
always push back and let Republicans
know that actually reaching out to to
voters in groups that there weren't
comfort with like Hispanic voters was
extraordinarily important George W Bush
wasn't calling Hispanics breeders he was
going there campaigning already got 43
44 percent of
vote of Hispanic voters in 2004 Donald
Trump is playing to the lowest common
denominator and I think that's one part
of the story and so yes you we have seen
the ugliest side of republicanism
metastasize and it now has become all
about Donald Trump and his collection of
prejudices and resentments there's
another part of it out and sadly and I
don't think that this is just in the
Republican Party I think it's in the
Democratic Party as well tribalism just
pure unadulterated tribalism where
people in a party line up before their
leader no matter what I could get your
quotes from top Democratic leaders when
the Monica Lewinsky scandal broke out
saying that if this is true then Bill
Clinton needs to resign Patrick Moynihan
I believe said that well it became true
and you had and Maureen Dowd has written
about this often you had a lot of women
that knew better lining up to attack
Monica Lewinsky and defend Bill Clinton
because power was preeminent they had a
seat at the table they had a president
who supported the things that they
supported he even supported partial
birth abortions he was their man he
would go to the wall for them on policy
so his personal life didn't really
matter we all know that the chickens
came home to roost right read Maureen
Dowd's column this past week read
Maureen Dowd's column during the
campaign and we saw there was a payment
that became due ultimately for not only
the Clintons but the Democrats and the
women who blindly followed Bill Clinton
when they should have spoken out I am
certain mica that the same thing is
going to happen to these Republicans who
are blindly following Donald Trump but I
guarantee you it will not take 16 years
for this bill to come do this bill will
come do
much more quickly and the price paid by
these sycophants would be much greater
politically they will be swept from
power and it may be a very long time
before there is another Republican
sitting in the White House well my
mother called me yesterday and just said
they're wrecking the country they're
just wrecking everything and she was
despondent well to underline Joe's point
you just had mark Sanford one of the
leading lights of the conservative
movement for a quarter century now when
asked what he would say to Republicans
running for Congress he said the
politics are simple pledge allegiance to
Donald Trump that's where the party is
right now if you don't believe it read
the tweet last night from Rhoda McDaniel
the chairwoman of the Republican Party
in which she writes anyone that does not
embrace the real Donald Trump agenda of
making America great again will be
making a mistake this is about a man not
a party or ideas still ahead on Morning
Joe to people who know a lot about
Michael Cohen's ties to the Russian
investigation member of the House
Intelligence and Vanity Fair reporter
Emily Jane Fox who's broken several
scoops they join us next on the job
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
