all right joining us from Washington DC
with a look at access am editor-in-chief
for Axios Nicholas Johnston Nick great
to have you with us on this Thursday
morning what does access is one big
thing for us the one big thing today is
president Trump's jarring extreme you
may remember it was just seven months
ago that the president was referring to
North Korean president Kim jong-un as
little Rocket Man is a sick and a sick
puppy compare that to what the president
said just over the weekend after the
summit after their historic meeting said
he was a tough negotiator very counted a
great man it's a symbol of how the
president can move from one extreme to
the other in dealing with both his staff
and other world leaders the same thing
happened to Justin Trudeau when he
visited the United States recently Trump
and Trudeau were the best of friends now
of course on his trade as Singapore the
president went after him on Twitter call
a particularly after that g7 summit so
we're looking at how quickly Trump can
go hot and cold on world leaders so Nick
do you think that this was part of the
president's strategy that he saw the
Singapore summit as part of his long
game when he when he began the whole
Rocketman scenario it was certainly I
think an effort to sort of push them I
think less so the Twitter strategy than
what some of the military strategy was
some of the calm exercises with the
South Koreans and the Japanese in the
region too so that the North Koreans
that they're serious
but Trump very does much view the issue
with North Korean as a great man moment
for his president something that he may
be remembered for in history and I think
that's why he focused so much on having
this summit come through and have so
such kindness and nice words to say
about Kim jong-un to push it to the next
level afterwards so let me ask you this
if you survey all the president's
relationships with other world leaders
is there an example out there where the
president has a good working
relationship with a world leader on a
personal level but also on a policy
level because I immediately I think to
mind like how everyone said the
relationship with Emmanuel macron was
really good but there are some very
stark policy differences between France
in the u.s. even with China says I have
a really good relationship with
President Xi but then there's a trade
war going on right I think a lot with
the g7 and the other major powers we've
seen that hot and cold there's one world
power when it's been where it's just
been good news and that's the Saudi
Arabians and one way to look at it is
remember the president's visit to Saudi
Arabia yeah what a show that was and the
Saudis were very smart and playing to
that they know
exactly what the President Trump likes
how do we know it worked that well we
spoken to people that speak to the
president regularly and he caught he
often comments for reflecting back on
that how great the sword and the
pageantry in the pomp and circumstance
he loved it in the Saudis played it not
to mention the Saudis projected a big
image of President Trump on the side of
his hotel you remember that they had a
big light show with President Trump's
face right on that hotel let's quickly
talk while I have you I'm talking about
Rudy Giuliani here I know that axia says
new reporting with regards to his son
losing his West Wing access what
happened right Andrew Giuliani Rudy's
son is a regular in mar-a-lago he's a
great golfer he regularly plays with the
president and the president sees him as
a friend and so went to White House
chief of staff John Kelly and said let
that guy get that guy White House access
in fact the opposite happened as we
scooped yesterday on drew Jewell Andrew
Giuliani lost his coveted blue pass
which gets him into the West Wing and
now has to walk around with a green pass
which will only get you to the office
building right across the street oh wow
access denied all right Nicholas Johnson
thank you very much of course we're
gonna be reading axiom in just a little
while and to all of our viewers out
there you too can sign up for that
newsletter by going to sign up Axios
calm all right that does it for us on
this Thursday morning I mean hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
