welcome back as we've reported president
Trump's longtime attorney Michael Cohen
is expected to part ways with his
current lawyers and hire a new lawyer or
legal team to handle the ongoing federal
investigation into his business dealings
NBC News reports that Cohen hasn't yet
spoken to federal prosecutors involved
in the inquiry nor is that unusual
despite some of the speculation you
heard from one of our co-counsel in our
first segment but some say today's news
is a sign the Kohen may indeed cooperate
in the future meanwhile the White House
is closely watching how Cohen's
situation plays out Maggie Haberman of
The New York Times reports quote one
person with knowledge of the legal
staffing change said that mr. Trump's
camp was very displeased with the way
the cohen investigation had so far been
conducted mr. Trump himself has told
people he is angry at mr. Cohen over the
messiness of the situation especially
those aspects involving miss Clifford
aka stormy Daniels but the president has
also indicated to allies that he is
worried that if he pushes mr. Cohen away
too hard it could increase the
likelihood that mr. Cohen will offer
information to the government this as a
new report from Emily Jane Fox of Vanity
Fair reveals Cohen feels hurt by the
lack of support he has received from the
Trump family and we quote earlier this
year he heard that Eric Trump was
telling associates that he felt Cohen
was sloppy in the way he handled the
daniels agreement which rankled Cohen I
feel like Don Quixote he said to people
close to him it's ruining my children's
lives it's ruining my wife's life it's
worse than a pit in your stomach
interesting place to start our
discussion and here with us to do that
John Heilemann
MSNBC national affairs analyst also
happens to be co-author of Game Change
and DoubleDown as well as co-host of the
circus on Showtime in his spare time
Jonathan Lemire White House reporter for
The Associated Press and Ashley Parker
Pulitzer prize-winning White House
reporter for The Washington Post Ashley
you're a stylist among stylists here I'd
like to begin with you Michael Cohen had
a vision of life far different from the
life he is having in New York right now
living in a hotel because
a pipe in his Trump apartment building
burst everyone now knows where to stake
him out and wait to try to see him as he
gets into any number of cabs and lifts
and ubers to go about his business this
is a guy who thought he might be White
House Counsel
what are you hearing on the other end
from people in the West Wing about the
plight the life and potentially the
future of mr. Cohen so on the one hand
people inside the White House are not
particularly sympathetic to him there's
a reason that his life has turned out
very differently than he envisioned it
and sort of almost since the campaign
it's been a series of disappointments he
expected a huge role on the campaign he
didn't have that he was sort of shunted
off to an office in Trump Tower but not
really officially part of the campaign
as you mentioned he expected to come to
Washington with the president be White
House Counsel and he was blocked he was
blocked by some of the president's
family in a number of people who knew
him quite well from the campaign and now
this and and there's a reason he was
blocked because people on the campaign
knew and people in the present orbit
knew that when there was a sensitive
issue or a sensitive discussion that
they didn't even like talking about
someone would come in and say that's
okay Michael Cohen will handle it
that said there is a lot of unease
within this White House about him and
there is a sense as the Muller probe
unfurls that basically people believe in
the president's orbit that he will not
be guilty of collusion or conspiracy but
it's sort of these other tangential
things that worry them the obstruction
of justice and of course exactly what's
going on with Michael Cohen and the most
frustrating thing for a lot of these
people especially the low-level
mid-level and even some senior White
House aides and Trump friends is they
don't know what they don't know and
they're learning it the way we are in
the news reading a report that says you
know this new legal shake-up for Cohen's
legal team might mean he'll flip so they
don't exactly know but they just have a
sense it's not looking good that's a
harrowing existence
Jonathan Lemire you know the harrowing
and exquisite telephone
sleigh-ride thrill of a phone call with
rudy guiliani you engage in those
periodically based on your latest what
is his thinking does it seem to be about
mr. cohen also while we're at it the
possibility of this Muller interview I
think it's two things Giuliani in my
last conversation with him akin to what
he said tonight in this video clips you
laid sure is projecting confidence the
idea that we don't believe that : we'll
start cooperating with a federal
prosecutor even if he does we're not
worried about it because the president
has not done anything wrong
behind the scenes people close to the
president's of senior aides in the in
the White House as well as his extended
orbit of influential figures in Trump
world are very nervous about this they
feel that the idea that Cohen who would
know who has worked for Trump for so
long who knows so much who knows where
those bodies are buried
could end up cooperating is something
that concerns them deeply as Ashley just
said there's also this fear of the
unknown since those raids in his office
and hotel room they're not sure what was
seized they're not sure what could be in
there what could be incriminating they
feel that and they also realized that
there could be potentially whether it be
was payments to the stormy Daniel
situation or other sort of business
dealings those are things where the
president could be very vulnerable as
this investigation ramps up as far as
the Muller interview goes let's remember
Giuliani publicly said a few weeks ago
that they would start having
conversations about whether or not they
would have that interview once the North
Korea summit was over well as of 24
hours or so ago that summit is over
those the Giuliani and the rest legal
team are supposed to convene shortly to
have more discussions as to whether we
want to have this interview but every
signal they're sending lately has been
making it harder and harder for Muller's
team to clear the bar that would make
them want Trump to sit down at the
moment I think it would have to be
considered unlikely John Heilemann
veteran journalist and political
psychology enthusiast I note the
president went after US NBC and CNN
particularly today and and gave us that
rare enemy of the people stamp of
approval
what is his mindset returning from what
he saw as a spectacularly successful
summit with Kim jong-un coming back to
what he knows exist and remember I keep
reminding him he knows what was in his
lawyer's office yes well and I will
point out the one thing I like most
about that tweet is that we were all
supposed to be distracting from the
quote deal with North Korea I don't know
what that deal was given that nothing
nothing was given by North Korea to the
United States of any tangible
significance or merit so that was really
a deal
in any case look the president I think
has the part of the reason if you wanted
me to play psychologist I'm happy to
you've invited me to so I will part of
the reason the president I think put so
much emphasis on this North Korean
summit was because it is a play for the
history books that that big trophy you
put up on the mantle but another part of
it was like we all know when we are
facing dread when we are facing the
fight the moment what the moment of
truth the Cataclysm we all we often find
some a great round of golf that we want
to go play or that great weekend in Cabo
whatever it is that we can look forward
to before we have to come back to the
ugly business at hand this has always
been the moment where we know because of
the way the federal guidelines work
we know the Muller investigation and the
Southern District investigation are
going to kind of come to a halt around
Labor Day for a period of time yeah
around Labor Day for about two months
before the election they may resume
after the election but but for we have a
window here where some business is gonna
get done and the president knows that's
true and he knows it's gonna be an ugly
time final decisions are gonna have to
get made on it whether he's gonna say
with Bob Muller or not and this this
situation with Michael Cohen I believe
the Donald Trump doesn't contrib knows
what was in his lawyer's office he also
particularly knows because the reality
is and this is part of this Emily Jane
Fox reporting for this whole time
Michael cones lawyers and Donald Trump's
lawyers are working together they are
sharing information
the president's lawyers and the
president know exactly what is there in
real time not just on the basis of
memory but they know they know exactly
what's there right now as the documents
are being and the prayer and the audio
is being gone through and determinations
are being made about what's privileged
and what's not and they're learning that
very little is privileged and very an
awful lot is not and we know what worth
not just where bodies are buried but the
kind of work Michael Kohn did for Donald
Trump for that decade all around the
world and the ugliest parts of the world
doing
the ugliest business deals imaginable or
trying to it is the president is
starting to act he has been acting out
for 16 17 months but right now you can
feel a sense I think he knows the moment
is nigh and I think he's coming back and
realizing that he might get through it
but it's gonna be a very ugly summer
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
