and thanks to at home for joining us
this our happy hump day you know we knew
in advance that this was going to be a
week with an impossible amount of news
in it that is definitely proving to be
the case but congratulations you have
reached the top of the mountain or at
least the top of the hump it is
Wednesday it is all downhill from here
we're all going to be fine
President Richard Nixon had a personal
attorney whose name was Herbert comeback
herb comeback Nixon's personal lawyer
went to prison in the Watergate scandal
44 years ago this week Nixon's personal
lawyer was sentenced to 18 months in
prison but he only ended up doing about
a third of that prison time he only
ended up having to serve about six
months in prison because he pled guilty
and he agreed to cooperate with
prosecutors in the Watergate scandal as
the president's personal lawyer Tom Bakk
showed no emotion he said I'd like you
to know how deeply embarrassed I am and
how sorry I am to be here Judge Sirica
announced the sentence not less than six
months and not more than 18 months with
a fine of $10,000 combat left the court
and went straight to a waiting car
without comment he is the fourteenth
person to be sent an order for a crime
related to Watergate as President
Richard Nixon's personal attorney herb
columbic and his law firm did a lot of
run-of-the-mill personal legal tasks for
the president they for example signed
the the checks for the president to make
his mortgage payments they made sure he
kept up on his property taxes they
arranged the purchase of the myth the
mansion in in San Clemente California
that the Nixon administration liked to
call the Western White House before
mar-a-lago there was San Clemente
but as Nixon's personal attorney her
comeback also ended up up to his neck
and a lot of different kinds of shady
and ultimately illegal Nixon stuff as
well everything from Scott Pruett style
straight up Nixon grifting to bribes and
corruption and illegal campaign finance
ultimately come back and
up right in the heart of the Watergate
cover-up that brought down Nixon as
president before president Trump's
refusal to release his tax returns the
biggest example in presidential history
of a president getting in trouble with
regard to his taxes was Nixon's tax
scandal about his vice presidential
papers this has sort of become an
obscure thing it probably never would
have been resurfaced in modern
discussions about the presidency were it
not for Trump courting controversy about
his taxes but that's what sort of
brought up again what Nixon had done
that got people so upset about his taxes
that led to the modern precedent of
presidential candidates all releasing
their tax returns before Richard Nixon
was elected president in 1968 of course
he had been vice president to Eisenhower
for two terms separate and apart from
the whole Watergate scandal the reason
we ended up with this tradition of
candidates releasing their tax returns
is because Nixon had a whole separate
tax scandal he cooked up this scheme
where he declared that he was making a
generous personal donation to the
National Archives what he was donating
was his vice presidential papers from
when he had been vice president to
Eisenhower he then put an enormous
financial valuation on that donation of
his vice presidential papers he ended up
claiming like a half million dollar tax
deduction because of that
self-proclaimed a valuable gift to the
country and that was bull Puckey in
terms of tax law but Nixon tried to get
away with it that Nixon tax scandal back
in the day that was a herb calm back
joint that was Nixon's personal lawyer
herb call him back his firm arranged
that whole Nixon tax scheme herb comback
also served as a prodigious Nixon
fundraiser in that context calm back was
involved in a scheme to take in what
basically amounted to a two million
dollar bribe that was paid to Nixon's
reelection campaign from an association
of milk producers herb comback arranged
that bribed that gigantic campaign
donation in exchange for the Nixon
administration changing its policy on
milk prices calm back then structured
the illegal bribe that gigantic donation
to
it looked like it wasn't just a two
million dollar bulk payment when that
started to become a scandal herb calm
back destroyed campaign donor records
from the Nixon presidential campaign
which itself was against the law even
before we got all the the post-watergate
campaign finance reforms herb call beck
was was a very very very successful
fundraiser in terms of the amount of
money that he raised for nixon by hook
or by crook after the 1968 presidential
race but Nixon won the presidency for
the first time the Nixon campaign
actually had money left over that year
more than a million and a half dollars
leftover of money that they raised for
that campaign but they never got around
to spending and after Nixon got elected
Nixon's personal lawyer herb comback
essentially became custodian of that
leftover campaign money and that
leftover campaign money basically became
a slush fund that the Nixon White House
tapped over and over again for all sorts
of different Watergate related
shenanigans and scandals including the
ones that brought Nixon down it was
Nixon's personal lawyer who managed that
leftover money
it was herb comback who doled out some
of that leftover money to Donald
Segretti
Donald Segretti is somebody who Nixon
put on the payroll secretly using the
slush fund
so Segretti would would spy on the
Democratic Party and play dirty tricks
on Democratic candidates it was the
president's personal lawyer herb
Kalmbach who arranged those secret
payments to Segretti from the leftover
campaign funds from 68 funfact Donald
Segretti and herb column back later
ended up and going to the same federal
prison Oh
a lot of what happened in the Watergate
scandal was of course driven by Richard
Nixon's paranoia about whether or not he
was going to get reelected in 72 part of
his election paranoia about 72 centered
on the risk that he perceived from
Alabama segregationist Governor George
Wallace Nixon was worried that Wallace
was going to mount a national comeback
and run for president again in 1970 72
Nixon thought if that happened if
Wallace ran again at 72 Nixon thought
for sure that would result in him losing
the White House because he thought that
Wallace would siphon off the hardcore
racist vote Nixon needed that in order
to get reelected
at least as far as Nixon's feverish mind
calculated when it came to 72 and so
Nixon decided he needed to stop
Wallace's national comeback ahead of the
72 election in order to stop that
comeback he decided he needed to stop
Wallace from getting elected governor in
Alabama again
Wallace is running for governor of
Alabama again in 1970 and Nixon decided
in order to save his reelection campaign
he needed to put the kibosh on Wallace
right then and there in order to kibosh
Wallace in 1970 Nixon sent his personal
lawyer herb comeback to deliver cash to
Wallace's opponent literally to deliver
$100,000 in cash in bills money in a big
bag that come back handed over to
benefit one one of Wallace's opponents
in that gubernatorial election in 1970
the way it worked was Compaq showed up
with $100,000 cash in a bag he met a
stranger somebody had never met before
in the lobby of the sherry-netherland
Hotel in New York City the way he knew
that that particular stranger was the
right person to give the bag with
$100,000 in it was when that stranger
recognized the code words for that
operation those code words were herb
called back Nixon's personal lawyer
introducing himself as mr. Jensen of
Detroit he was not mr. Jensen of Detroit
it was herb comback of Newport Beach
California but that was the code word
and that's how they handed off the money
Nixon's personal lawyer he was never a
part of the Nixon administration
formally but he ended up involved in all
of this shady Nixon stuff Nixon's
personal financial shady stuff his tax
shady stuff his campaign fundraising
campaign financed shady stuff
Nixon's dirty tricks and paying for
illegal spying
I mean Nixon had his personal lawyer up
to his neck and beyond in all of it and
so of course the guy ended up being
right in the middle of the Watergate
burglary - and the cover-up of that
burglary and all the rest of it that
ultimately turf Nixon out of office
Nixon actually used his personal lawyer
this guy herb comback to be the bagman
when he decided to funnel hush ma
to the guys who had carried out the
Watergate burglary Nixon gave the
Watergate burglars over two hundred
thousand dollars in secret cash so
they'd keep their mouth shut about the
burglary he had his personal attorney
herb comback assemble that money from a
bunch of various sources from that from
the campaign to re-elect the president
creep where herb column back was a
deputy finance chair he also used some
of that leftover slush fund money from
the 68 election he also added in some
money from corporations that had started
doing business with herb called Beck's
law firm because after all her comeback
was the president's personal lawyer
probably a good idea to cultivate some
good relationships there probably a good
idea to send that guy some business
sound familiar
even though herb comback was the guy who
delivered that hush money to the
Watergate burglars it's interesting he
pled ignorance in terms of his own
understanding of the scheme Compaq said
yeah he knew he was delivering secret
cash a lot of secret cash to those guys
who'd been caught in the Watergate
break-in but he said he assumed it was
for humanitarian purposes he says he
thought it was to help the burglars
families it was of course no such thing
it was stormy Daniels style hush money
to shut those guys up to keep them from
talking about the burglary and who had
ordered it and why it had been ordered
herb cotton back insisted even under
oath that although he was the bagman and
delivered them all the money honestly he
had no idea that's what the money was
for but for the secrecy this whole
assignment getting these funds to these
people for this purpose could get into
the press and be misinterpreted and then
I remember used the figure speech he
said they could it would have our heads
in their laps which again would indicate
to me that it would jeopardize the
campaign that didn't suggest you in the
impropriety and you're doing that no I
did not why not it just suggested to me
that the the concern was that that this
would have a David if it got into the
press misinterpreted it would happen to
be misinterpreted it was misinterpreted
in whatever way that funds were being
given to these people but how could how
could you're providing funds through
either mr. Dean's Aegis mr. Ehrlichman
Aegis through the committee two burglars
wiretapper and conspirators be
misinterpreted
well the misinterpretation would be that
this was being done to silence these
people could anybody have any other
interpretation I did Richard Nixon's
personal lawyer herb calm back saying
during the Watergate hearings that he
was under a different impression and he
delivered all that cash to the Watergate
burglars he didn't know that it was for
any nefarious purpose he certainly did
certainly didn't know that it was to
silence those people he could hear the
room laughing right that anybody would
not understand that that's obviously
what that money was for but he insisted
seriously under oath that he didn't know
that's what the money was for later when
the judge in the Watergate case judge
Sirica confronted her come back with the
fact that yeah that was in fact hush
money that is what he'd been the bagman
for when the judge confronted him with
that on the stand
herb comback actually broke down and
cried on the stand in judge Sirica
courtroom this was the New York Times on
July 1st 1974 when Nixon's personal
lawyer herb Kalmbach was on his way to
prison and look at and pay attention to
the date here July 1st 1974 Nixon was
still president but not for long right
Nixon ended up resigning in August 74
but when this was written when this was
published in July 74 the president's
personal lawyer herb comback was heading
to federal prison and Richard Nixon was
still President of the United States
quote Herbert W comback will go to
prison tomorrow
carrying what a friend described as a
deep hurt over President Nixon's
apparent displeasure because of mr. Cole
Beck's decision to cooperate in the
government's prosecution of the
Watergate conspiracy since his
sentencing on June 17th mr. calm Beck is
said to have waited in vain for some
word of sympathy or encouragement from
the president or at least an expression
of gratitude for his 12 years of
unquestioning loyalty calm back-traced
the president's attitude back to April
of 73 when calm back initiated his plea
bargaining with the government with
excuse me with government prosecutors
with an offer of cooperation just a few
days later on May 1st the White House
announced that herb comback was no
longer at the president
personal lawyer while he had been
Nixon's personal lawyer it is amazing
how many different aspects of Nixon's
criminal liability herb compaq ended up
personally involved in I mean he was the
guy who actually paid the hush money to
the Watergate burglars and and calm back
ended up cooperating and telling
prosecutors and telling the Watergate
committee that tale what he ultimately
went to jail for was a fraction of what
he was widely believed to be implicated
in Kalmbach ultimately went to jail for
an illegal campaign fund a legal and
secret campaign fund that he'd set up
with the Nixon White House to help
Republicans win in the 1970 midterms he
also went to jail for effectively
selling an ambassadorship in exchange
for yet more campaign donations to
Republicans but even with just those two
counts that they prosecuted him on it
looked like her comeback would sir
potentially years in prison at least a
year and a half in prison Judge Sirica
ended up springing him from federal
prison after only six months
specifically because of comebacks
thorough cooperation with prosecutors as
they continued to press on with the
Watergate investigation that led up to
and including the president's
resignation from office and it was less
than two months after called back
reported to prison that Nixon was gone
to resign didn't disgrace right and then
instantly pardoned for all his crimes by
the vice president who took his seat
today when we got news that this
president's personal attorney Michael
Cohen appears to be making his own
preparations to start talking to
prosecutors we called NBC News
presidential historian Michael Beschloss
to ask him once again is anything like
this happened before
all through the Trump scandals all
through the Trump administration we've
been asking Michael Beschloss seemingly
dailies this ever happened before and
the answer is always nope but in this
case when we asked him today if there
was any parallel situation in u.s.
presidential history anytime a
president's personal attorney I'd ever
been in this kind of Jeopardy and in
this kind of
with regard to us with regard to serious
accusations against a sitting president
for once Michael Beschloss was able to
tell us actually yeah this has happened
before
herb combat went to prison and and that
is something in American presidential
history that casts a kind of shadow that
looks a little bit like what might be
going on with Michael Cohen and
president Donald Trump right now he also
told us that the herb comb back story
has not just a shadow but also kind of a
long tail that reaches directly to the
Trump presidency because the man who is
widely believed to be president Trump's
best friend wealthy investor Tom Barrack
you might remember him speaking at the
Republican National Convention he then
became head of the Trump inaugural
committee he might remember that the
Trump inaugural committee like Nixon's
presidential campaign apparently
generated way more cash than it needed
and was left with a slush fund
thereafter that has now come under
scrutiny by federal investigators Tom
Barrack you know what his first job was
after law school you want to know where
he got his start in lawn business he
worked for heard call back worked for
herb call backs law firm and directly
for herb comb back during the first term
of the Nixon administration was called
back was when call back was was still
Nixon's personal lawyer before he went
to prison and and lost his law license
during the time when he was serving as
Nixon's bagman carrying around a bag
full of $100,000 in cash telling
strangers in hotel lobbies that he was
mr. Jensen of Detroit to see who he was
supposed to give these syrup dishes cash
for that's when Tom barek was working
for herb comback so once again the
scandals of this presidency prove that
the past is never dead it is not even
really past but right now this week over
these next couple of days and this
incredible news week that we were having
we are about to find out the fate of the
guy who is playing the role of herb
comback this time around in this
iteration of presidential scandal in
history the reporting about the
president's lawyer Michael Cohen today
centers on the fact that he is
reportedly losing the legal
representation that he has had thus far
in his legal troubles thus far while
he's been facing this criminal
investigation by federal prosecutors in
the Southern District of New York that
scrutiny by federal prosecutors
reportedly started with a referral from
the special counsels office from Robert
Moeller's office that that inquiry and
that investigation by prosecutors in New
York has thus far included a dramatic
raid on Michael Cohen's home his office
a hotel room where he was staying and a
safety deposit box early in April early
in April is when we also learned that
the Donald Trump re-election campaign
had been paying Michael Cohen's legal
bills for months and I think when some
people saw the headlines around that in
April it looked like maybe the Trump
campaign was paying Michael Cohen's
legal fees for him to represent Donald
Trump no the Trump campaign was paying
for Cohen's own lawyers who are
representing him which is weird because
like herb called back Michael Cohen is
not a member of the Trump administration
and unlike herb calling back Michael
Cohen has never even technically been
part of the Trump campaign so what's the
Trump campaign doing doing paying his
legal bills all this time it's never
been exactly clear what Michael Cohen's
personal legal liability is about or
what he could potentially tell
prosecutors about if like herb gotten
back he decides to go state's evidence
and cooperate with prosecutors in
exchange for lenient sin his own case
the single most worrying possibility for
the White House is probably what was
reported by BuzzFeed several weeks ago
concerning Cohen's involvement in in the
secret pursuit of a Trump Tower Moscow
real estate project during the
presidential campaign during the
campaign you'll recall that candidate
Trump said that he had no dealings in
Russia we later learned that that was a
lie in fact in the midst of the campaign
he had secretly signed a letter of
intent to build what would have been the
largest real estate project of his
career a Trump Tower in Moscow which
would require not just this not just
significant Russian financing it would
require high-level approval and
assistance from the Russian government
if not from President Vladimir Putin
himself well several weeks ago when
reporting out that that secret real
estate adventure during the camp
and federal investigators interest in
that adventure BuzzFeed news reported
quote even before the appointment of
Robert Muller a special counsel in May
FBI agents investigating Russia's
interference in the election learned
that Cohen was in frequent contact with
foreign individuals about Trump Tower
Moscow and that some of those
individuals had knowledge of or had
played a role in Russia's 2016 election
meddling that BuzzFeed report cited two
FBI agents as the source of that
information if in fact that's true that
means during the campaign while secretly
trying to arrange a major business deal
for Donald Trump in Russia Michael Cohen
was in repeated conduct with people who
were directly involved in Russia's
election meddling at that time to try to
elect Donald Trump if that's true that
would obviously be a serious concern for
the Trump White House particularly if
Cohen is going to start cooperating with
prosecutors and telling them what he
knows about that there's also the hush
money payments themselves which aren't a
secret anymore
in Michael Cohen's case the the hush
money payments are not to Watergate
burglars they're instead two women who
said they had sexual relationships with
President Trump there's a number of ways
in which those payments could be not
just embarrassing but potentially
illegal the President himself has
already radically changed his public
story as to how much he knew about those
payments that itself could potentially
pose a significant criminal a
significant element of criminal
liability for the president but then
there's the matter of all the other
people who have been paying Michael
Cohen since Trump was elected president
as part of the legal room wrangling over
the over the stormy Daniels hush-money
case we learned about a number of
corporate entities that mysteriously
started paying Michael Cohen around the
time that Trump was elected or when he
was sworn into office among those
entities is an investment fund closely
related to a Russian oligarch oligarchic
Cohen is known to have met with multiple
times since the election we don't know
why the oligarchs investment firm was
paying Michael Cohen but the Atlantic
magazine has since reported just a few
days ago that that same oligarch was
leaved to be funding an effort to get
the US government to drop sanctions
against Russia an effort that Cohen was
reportedly involved in during the
presidential transition one that was
only interrupted by the New York Times
exposing it and that's just the stuff
that's like off the top of my head in
terms of what Cohen's been involved in
in terms of what liability and exposure
the president might have if his personal
attorney Michael Cohen is in fact
dropping his legal team now because he
now needs a different kind of expertise
because he's now about to start
cooperating with prosecutors how do we
know if that is what's going on here and
what's going on between the president
and Michael Cohen as Cohen makes this
almost unbelievably fateful decision
we've got answers to those questions
next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
