turned to our exclusive on the beat
tonight comedian Dave Chappelle is about
to join me to talk politics he recently
won an Emmy for that performance heard
around America his hosting of SNL days
after Trump won and his net listen to
him say naive poor things
man don't Trump's gonna go to Washington
and he's gonna fight for us I'm standing
everything to my mind you
you are poor
he's fighting for me that was the spirit
in Chappelle's Netflix special as well
as that Emmy winning SNL performance so
he's been at the forefront of comedy for
years his old show revealed and explored
all kinds of tense cultural moments now
he's back with a Netflix special as I
mentioned in a planned tour this is new
with Jon Stewart but this is why we're
talking tonight it's the first time in
his career that he's personally
campaigned in politics
out with a political endorsement
something he's never done before in
campaigning now with former
n-double-a-cp chief and his longtime
friend Ben Jealous who is a Democratic
candidate running for the governor of
Maryland with me now is Ben Jealous
candidate for the governor of Maryland
and comedian Dave Chappelle thanks for
being here both of you my question Ben
after all your work in civil rights why
are you running for governor now and
Dave why are you endorsing him when you
don't usually get involved in endorsing
candidates anyway go first sure look you
know I'm running for governor because I
have a vision that we can finally fully
fund our schools we can finally pass
single-payer so-called Medicare for all
and we can end this era of massive
student debt by ending mass
incarceration and a big part of ending
mass incarceration in Maryland is to
finally legalize cannabis period and so
that's part of why Dave is here is that
we've been talking about frankly our
experiences when we were young and the
need for us to have a just set of laws
that helped to reduce the number of
people in our prisons oh as for me re
Ben and I are like family literally like
our fathers were best friends and my
father was Ben
Godfather so I met Ben and in person
when we were 17 when Ben was at Columbia
and we became fast friends unbeknownst
to me the plan was Ben was supposed to
convince me to try to go to college and
that plan obviously failed miserably
thank God but well Dave made 750 bucks
telling jokes in Washington Square Park
in 15 minutes and I was like college is
not gonna help you do better than Dave
yeah maybe had you Dave had you gone to
college you might have become rich one
day yeah that's that was the myth I mean
I was the legend I think everything
worked out better than I could've ever
imagined
well but you also have to understand
that my godfather was on a tear because
Dave was the first male and his family
not to go to college since slavery and
so there was a batting average that he
wanted to keep up for the family and I
was on a sacred mission but when I came
and reported back that his son could
make 750 bucks to park telling jokes
he was like yeah okay I get it I listen
I'll go ahead I'm sorry I go it no go
ahead
I was gonna say man like I have never
ever even stuck my toe into politics I
don't even necessarily believe in
politics but this is the first time that
I believe in somebody this much for a
job like this because I know him so well
like we came up together I saw Ben do
activism his entire youth and when he
got the road scholarship my father I
love a said to him very pointedly he
said Ben I'm afraid you're getting the
scholarship so that you'll no longer be
a threat to them whoever they are and
then as always stayed true and when I
got in trouble with my show and all
these things he was like my car
and I would call him to help me work
through some very challenging personal
problems professional problems that I
had and he was always like a rock for me
and I think for the state of Maryland
get any better I I true you're saying
day and I think that when you were in
your saying when you were in South
Africa you were taking a break from the
career in the u.s. you were relying on
him what was his counsel to you then
well I mean I think that's kind of
private I think the bottom line is that
I trusted him enough at a time when I
didn't trust anybody and that he's never
betrayed my trust
I think that the trust in politics on
public office is something that the
country desperately needs especially in
this time is it he's a very trustworthy
person the fact that a guy like this
could could possibly sit a seat like the
governor's chair it's very exciting to
me it makes me feel more faithful and
hopeful about what our country could be
then you mentioned the drug war cannabis
as part of what you're running on
president Trump is spoken about that
recently Dave you've talked a lot about
those issues and and racism in your in
your comedy I guess the question to both
of you Ben is if you're gonna change
these laws in Maryland or I'd be an
example for the rest of the nation do
you talk about this is something that is
just logical because cannabis might be
over punished in some places or do you
also address the fact that data shows
this has been a not just a war on drugs
but a war on a black and brown people to
bed and then Dave you know we talk about
all of it I mean it's undeniable that if
you look at the enforcement patterns
they've been targeting against black and
brown communities for a long time but we
also frankly talk about the violence in
our city I wasn't I didn't start out on
this journey over a year ago planning on
this being a big issue in my campaign I
mean Dave had made the argument to me
for like a quarter century but um you
know then something funny happened our
yeah I I asked a retired member of the
Baltimore Police Department they were
just retired for 15 years on the floors
to go talk to commanders across the city
that he knew and asked him why violence
was surging in our city this was a year
ago on the second anniversary of the
uprisings in Baltimore
and he came back and he said Ben you
know it's like two big data points and
one none of them really agreed with
anybody else and they all has an
argument about why violence was surging
now but they were also all in agreement
that in the last 10 years in the last 10
years of Baltimore City they were all
agreement that half of the killings were
one set of marijuana dealers killing
their competition and that just name is
coal because you know real talk I've had
two family members shot in Maryland in
the last ten years I'm absolutely
committed to doing whatever it takes to
bring down the shootings in our city and
in our state and make sure nobody has to
go through what my family's been I look
at the legalization of marijuana is an
inevitability nationally not just in the
state of Maryland and I'm sure that
there is a gross disparity in the
enforcement of drug laws in general in
the United States and if you look at
Ben's resume his entire professional
life has been dedicated to the concept
of equity for everybody not just biking
people in brown people's I'm talking
gender I'm talking sexuality he's trying
to like write the playing field I've
watched him really sincerely worked
tirelessly to that end I believe in the
product it's the first time that I've
ever got to see somebody become a
politician up close and retained
themselves you know Ben is here with his
kids today he's a good dude man like I
there's nothing in this for me I just
feel like this guy should be on that
stage he is an important voice in my own
personal life and I think that he can
make a great difference for the state of
Maryland and best-case scenario for the
United States
you saw that special he you know he
finally outed himself as the son of our
state everybody's like you know Dave's
from DC and assuming he's popular the
toughest part of DC Dave's from Silver
Spring I got my street cred but I really
do believe that I really do believe that
in this
very pivotal time and I'm just getting
to that age too I mean I'm sure you can
really we start looking around and
everyone who's running things are your
age and you realize that you appear
groups turn to take the reins and I just
think he's one of the most competent
people I know today they're like he's
hardly qualified for this so I'm gonna
fall well and Dave you want an Emmy for
your Saturday live hosting right after
the election everyone remembers what you
said that night all my black friends
we have money say the same thing with
Trump got elected that's it brother
I'm out I'm leaving the country
you're coming with us no I'm good dog
I'm gonna stay here and get this tax
break see how it works out I'm wishing
Donald trum luck and I'm gonna give him
a chance
and we the historically disenfranchised
demand that he give us one too now here
we are a year and a half in you're out
here campaigning for a Democratic
candidate do you think Donald Trump has
given all people in the country a chance
and how would you say it today without
talking about the president I'm
campaigning not even because Ben is a
Democrat I'm campaigning because he's
trustworthy if whatever party here and
I'm gonna endorse this guy because I
don't personally have no particular deep
party affiliations I think that we just
had eight years of a president who has a
resume of social activism I was happy
with that president and this guy has the
similar resume
been doing this as long as I know him
he's just been advocating for people and
he I just believe he's very sincere in
his effort I've seen the blood sweat and
tears of how he got to this position and
if he's you know God woman if he becomes
his governor I don't think anyone's
gonna be sorry for what I think he'll do
a great job I think did well dey's the
time Jamie you brought it up
you brought it you brought up the word
president do you think you're sitting
next to someone who someday could be
President as well I told Ben that he
could be President in United States
before there was an Obama that I knew of
I mean I've always believed that but he
chose another route I mean he stayed
with he stay with his community activism
well back then I told might want to be
President of the n-double a-c-p not that
I end up happy a little faster than we
thought was possible
yeah I mean you know he's a remarkable
dude man and I've seen him overcome his
own personal his own personal demons in
his own it's really terrifying to to
aspire to do anything outside of outside
of the narrow boxes that society wants
us to do Ben's a brave dude and he's a
trust where they do and he's retained
all of himself and I think that this is
a great thing that he's running that's
why I mean there's nothing I know is the
matter of fact it's dangerous for me to
even step into the political arena
pobedy scooped bo-buddies scoop it's how
we end all of our interviews my last
question I guess because I know you guys
have got I know you guys got to go is
and starting with Ben I mean well since
your wish your pal you're campaigning
with chappal which is something I think
a lot of candidates would love to be
able to do is there a kind of a
Chappelle test we can apply here is
there anything in politics that you see
that would fall under the rubric of when
keeping it real goes wrong you know I
got to tell you man when we started off
this journey there's a story I tell
about how Dave saved my life down in
Jackson Mississippi when I was a young
organizer fighting a Republican governor
trying to
black college to prison and Dave showed
up with a dime bag of pot and things
could have gone very wrong but we were
spared because the police officer
recognized Dave from def genome and all
of a sudden you just wanted tickets to
the show and didn't they did search
Dave's back the and you know I mean
that's I think the beauty of politics in
this moment is that people are
comfortable with us talking about what's
real the fact that we were you know once
too much younger black man you were
afraid in that moment of spending a long
time in jail and in prison and and you
should have to be you know that
exceptional to be justly treated and so
that's you know a lot of what fuels
Dave's politics and my music is you know
a lot of what fuels Dave's comedy and my
politics is the fact that we both
survived an era where young black men
were the most murdered in the country
the most incarcerated in the planet and
we both found our own ways to lift
people to a higher place and we both
still recognize that unfortunately too
much of what we went through as young
people young people are still going
through when we're eager to see it to
see it change so we know how smart they
are and how much they could be
contributing if our system was just a
little bit fairer a little the playing
field a bit more level a country a bit
more just Dave finally yeah you may
never see me endorsing somebody again I
really I really do believe in the
product I mean this is the real deal
this is a real deal well it's
fascinating we don't often see a duo
like this learning a little bit about
your history with each other what
motivates both to you and what Ben says
is why he wants to step into the arena
is fascinating so I thank you for
bringing the story to the beat and
thanks for your time Dave Chappelle and
Ben Jealous
hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our youtube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
