the story that a lot of people are
looking at and that may make Donald
Trump nervous his longtime lawyer
Michael Cohen splitting with his own
legal team right in the middle of the
white-hot pressure of this federal probe
now Cohen is of course facing a deadline
on Friday for the review of
attorney-client privilege materials and
those relate to the documents seized by
the FBI and in the dramatic raids on his
home and office in hotel in April so
here is what we know tonight number one
the plan is for Michael Cohen to split
with his current legal team that would
be his first choice by definition and
plans to hire new lawyers the break
reportedly over Cohen's legal bills
we've seen reports that this
investigation and we've seen this with
other defendants and potential
defendants which is what he would be
have had a lot of financial strain Cohen
recently putting up his multi-million
dollar Park Avenue home as collateral
against certain bank debts and I can
also tell you something very important
about this story we're gonna get into it
with some very knowledgeable guests
historically Michael Cohen has gotten
help with the legal fees in the Russia
probe from the Trump campaign and I
don't mean a small amount of money
either over $200,000 for his legal fees
from the campaign again with the ongoing
Russia probes the last payment that we
know of which may not be the last
payment ever was in January and I should
note for precision that was of course
before this FBI raid so here's the big
question on everyone's mind tonight and
it is almost certainly on the minds of
people in the White House according to
our reporting why is Michael Cohen
changing lawyers is it because he is
considering doing something that Donald
Trump would never pay for is he
considering flipping that's the question
as always I want to be clear about what
we know because the answer could also be
no he may be switching lawyers for other
reason other reasons I should say NBC
has learned that at this hour there has
not been formal talks with federal
prosecutors involved in this case that
would be of course a preliminary step if
you were ever getting towards what we
call oh Quigley called flipping towards
getting some kind of deal
now Cohen's new lawyers will have to
play catch-up when they come on board
they're going
confront these big questions about
loyalty to the most famous client in the
world I'll do anything to protect mr.
Trump the family fortunately mr. Trump
has a significant number of people I'd
like to keep myself in that little
circle of extremely loyal people we will
do what it's necessary to protect him
and the press and the office of the
presidency I am joined by a man who has
sat and facedown Muller's investigators
former Trump campaign aide Sam Nunn Berg
he also knows Michael Cohen and has
worked alongside him in the early days
of that campaign former federal
prosecutor Seth Waxman was a keen
understanding of how these kind of deals
could come together and guide Lewis who
may be the most hooked up he has worked
with get this Bob Miller James Comey and
rod Rosenstein all at the DOJ I
literally don't know where to start so
I'll start with you guy how do you read
this legal change up well I got to think
re that the president and his lawyers
are sitting down maybe as we speak
discussing this very question I mean
take a step back and look what's going
on they have raided Cohen's home office
they have seized documents I mean
literally the the the the world is
falling in on this guy and remember the
same the exact same standard that was
used to search all these places is
basically the same kind of standard that
a grand jury would use to indict Cohen
so know that it's coming so the question
becomes knowing this train is coming at
me at 100 miles an hour what do I do
I either cooperate or frankly I fight it
till the bitter end which is what we
heard in the clip that you just played
well and if there is a train it is a
train that can only slam into Michael
Cohen's legal body if you will if there
is sufficient evidence of crimes this is
very serious and these prosecutors in
the Southern District as well as
whatever Muller originally dug up Sam
they don't just make stuff up you said
that wasn't your experience with them
you
also said early on when we talked about
this and they say you wanted a few
people who's been in these rooms that
you were worried about Michael take a
look I worry about Michael I'm not gonna
say Michael's gonna lie I worry about
Michael Michael posed got screwed out
he's got screwed the most I've ever saw
by anyone by Donald Trump well he
certainly did
Michael was walking around with a big
chip on his shoulder he thought it was
Steve Banta and Reince Priebus that
forced him out of not getting a job when
in fact I subsequently have learned that
it was Jared and not only that but they
made him leave the Trump Organization
some of it stemmed from The Daily Beast
interview that you had covered and
subsequent other issues where Michael
actually gave then-president electrum a
good console of not taking suggesting
that perhaps his son-in-law and his
daughter shouldn't enter the White House
Michael is whether you whether you like
us or not whether you like Donald Trump
or not and all this Michael's a very
tragic figure I don't know what they're
investigating per se I do know and I've
said this to you they they ask me about
all businesses that I had heard of when
I was there it was very very weird to me
I didn't necessarily know that that was
under I guess anything's I know this
rose inside mandated molars
investigators are asking you about the
way the Trump Organization ran which
could implicate Michael and they were
asked we have about Michael's other
businesses Michael operated businesses
Michael was taxi business well I thought
up that I had heard you know Michael had
a taxi business I heard other things
everybody basically public and luckily
for me in hindsight besides getting
fired very early from this campaign I
stayed out of the business elements of
the Trump Organization it wasn't my
purview you know Michael can you help us
understand why someone who lives in a
multimillion-dollar a Park Avenue condo
who rolls around and the Trump lifestyle
would inherently be running out of money
the moment he has big bills well I think
when I saw with stormy Dan with the
stormy Daniels payment that he had to
take out a loan I believe Mario if I'm
saying this correctly he took out a loan
essentially a bridge loan to make that
payment you know it's all I don't know
how cash
how cash-rich he is you know you know
even real he's sort of real estate
businessman himself and a lot of it is
floating debts you know and I mean not
as big as Jared Kushner's but so that
was a I think that's one of the reasons
any-any invests a lot in properties
across the city I don't know if you find
it right you know I'm not saying yeah
his banker right based on your knowledge
of the kind of business he did and you
know him in a way many people do not it
doesn't surprise you that he may not
have enough cash on hand to deal with
the crushing legal fees no it doesn't
surprise me because these legal fees
especially if he has to go over all
these document reviews they add up look
the Arne's he paid over half a million
dollars that we know about for hope
Hicks
legal fees and they've paid I assume for
Brad Pascal's I assume they've they've
paid for others that we're gonna know
and they're very selective about that
already by the way they never gave
Caputo a cent well that's very
interesting Seth let's look on screen
here at some of the ways the money has
supported people some of whom ended up
cooperating political reporting there
was this legal defense fund set up for
Mike Flynn independently friends of mana
for trying to support him Roger stone
crowdfunding caputo as Sam was just
mentioning was saying they got hundreds
of thousands in separate donations it
may surprise some viewers that all these
tough guys with all their tough talk and
I've been on the other end of some of
the phone calls at the end of the day
there they don't even have enough money
to get through the early pre potentially
I want to say carefully potentially
pre-indictment phase of this legal fight
yeah I mean these are expensive
endeavors I mean the lawyers that are
working for Michael Cohen and these
other individuals are high-priced
lawyers working in the biggest city and
in the world if not the country rather
and they're gonna chew up and go through
that burn rate really quickly now
whether this is a dispute with his
lawyers over the the way the defense was
being mounted or a fee dispute or on the
other hand cooperation you know we don't
quite know but if it's on the
cooperation side this is something that
we as a former prosecutor we used to
call the snowball effect you start to
get one or two co-operators on your side
you start to feel pretty good you get to
four or five and six co-operators you
start to get that snowball rolling down
the hill you start to feel really good
kind of catching up everybody else and
finally that that snowball landed on
your targets head at the bottom of the
hill so you know
to find it interesting that there were
in this week of critical mass for Paul
Manafort he's got to be sweating it a
little bit as well because Michael Cohen
may have information about him as well
so this is a this is a good week or a
good day for the prosecution if Michael
Cohen is getting closer to flipping and
guy I don't know if you've heard the
term messy people talk about things can
get too messy
that is a Donald Trump's view according
to New York Times reporting here today
Trump himself telling people he's angry
at Cohen over the messiness of the
situation he's worried if he pushes
Cohen away too hard it could increase
the likelihood that Cohen will offer
information to the government you know
what's wild about that leak guy it makes
it sound if the sourcing is correct like
an admission that there is negative
information about Trump that Cohen has
that he could provide to a criminal
investigation why someone would leak
that I don't know but if Trump didn't do
anything wrong he's got nothing to fear
about Cohen providing quote-unquote
information are you're exactly right and
Seth Seth is a Seth is right on point we
used to see as prosecutors and and and
we would be tacit we would participate
in this knowing that it wasn't a hundred
percent accurate when we wanted the
message to go out there
that there was some other reason that
they were either changing lawyers or
frankly had gone in and had a sealed
hearing in federal court it was because
the cooperation the plea agreement
everything was unfolding in order to do
this outside the public's ability to see
and and review what was going on in this
case is going to be virtually impossible
but look just because they say that
there is a fee dispute doesn't mean
necessarily that's the only reason why
that they're changing lawyers well the
other reason million-some well they're
bringing in somebody frankly who may
have a very good relationship with the
Southern District of Florida who worked
in the office recently who knows these
privateers in about michael cohen has
been a lawyer in new york or a fixer or
whatever he says
is for a long time so if your life is on
the line
your money's on the line your family
potentially not seeing you if you are
charged wouldn't you want to get that
choice right the first time
well obviously you want to but equally
true re it may be that the McDermott
will lawyers great lawyers by the way
terrific law firm have sat down and read
him the riot act and said look at the
evidence is overwhelming you're being
you're gonna be destroyed in crystal
clear your we can do is are you
suggesting that a different theory of
the case that they are so hard hard
pushing him to cooperate he doesn't want
to do that that he wants to switch
counsel listen you heard the interview
that the clip that you just played he's
a tough guy
I mean he's told the federal prosecutors
basically to go stick it yeah so it may
very well be that he's telling the
McDermott will lawyers the same thing
all the clips we play during the show
exactly and it may be that he's told
them that look look I want somebody
who's gonna go and fight this thing
literally to the death well you know
where we are you as always give us an
extra nuance whether people like that
outcome or not you're pointing out that
there's so much we don't know tonight
that over interpreting the legal the
legal change is perilous because it
could be something in that direction as
well fascinating either way that a New
York lawyer seems to be wanting to
switch horses midstream etc I think I'm
mixing metaphors Sam but let me play for
you something Donald Trump said that
kicked this all off long before the
storming of annatee of it all and the
Moller of it all and the southern
district of it all had all converged
take a look at this moment
Michael Cohen's office was rated in days
leading us up to tonight's news honestly
was that the dumbest thing Donald Trump
has done this year no I'll tell you he
got not five it's up there but the
reason is is that he once he had Rudy
come out and clean that up and that's
what Rudy's been doing you know remember
we all thought or a lot of us thought I
didn't necessarily believe that Rudy was
doing this terrible this terrible job I
was happy as a Trump person to see
somebody getting on TV why finally
defend him why I've heard he clean up a
mess you made on Air Force One why tell
the world and a molar might have been
listening ask Michael Kohn well what I
would say is Rudy then came out right
and he told Sean Hannity if you won't if
you watch this into what you've played
and I even think that Sean had no idea
and he said yeah Michael need the
payment and we had a wait and we had a
way to pay him and he was on retainer
and that's and you've been around Donald
Trump he doesn't admit mistakes but he
does pivot and spin mm-hmm and walk away
from things he said would he do that
moment over again knowing what he knows
tonight well he'll never admit the
mistake itself what he thinks now is
that it's cleaned up what was very
interesting about the New York Times
article you were referencing is that
ultimately and was very he was very
close to publicly breaking away from
Michael yeah I had warned them in the
press not to do that Michael Michael is
a critical figure in them that would be
against their interest to be a hundred
again suggesting you say warn them
through the press are you suggesting
that you do media appearances to speak
to the White House and Donald Trump well
I have I said my analysis was that that
would be very very bad for for the
president to to turn his back publicly I
just you know I keep it 100 with you
right oh no I keep it 100 with yes you
know that yeah I think it is so odd that
a lot of you Trump guys communicate to
each other through television and admit
that you're doing it through television
oh well get the President to watch right
he's watching trust me he watches your
show by the way that by the way Paul it
watches your show the special accounts I
got to be very careful to I get
follow-ups from them about things you
say out here correct yeah it's it's an
interesting time hey I'm all remember
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
