bring in a couple of experts to our
MSNBC legal analyst from sort of both
sides at the table here one former
assistant US attorney in the Southern
District of New York prosecutor
prosecutor side of things and criminal
defense attorney Danny Cevallos so I
wanted both of you because I wanted to
sort of see if we can get into the
mindset of both sides of this so Danny
I'm gonna start with you you change
lawyers why there are a number of
reasons why a client may separate from
his counsel
it could be non-payment of bills that
happens all the time
defense attorneys call this rule one as
in the first rule is you have to get
paid it could also be a situation where
the attorneys must withdraw attorneys
must withdraw from representation for
example if a client is a seeking advice
to commit a future crime I'm not saying
that's what's happening here but that is
one of the instances where attorneys
have to withdrawal one example might be
that that Cohen simply doesn't want
these attorneys anymore there's been
some irretrievable breakdown in the
communication between counsel and client
there might be a disagreement as to
strategy any of these reasons are valid
reasons why attorneys and clients
separate from each other there are some
instances where it's voluntary and some
instances as in the commission of a
future crime where an attorney must seek
to withdrawal so without knowing more
and we're not likely to hear more
because it's privileged communication we
are left speculating as to what the true
reason is whether it's money or
something else
miih miih Roka the this sort of the the
the speculation the rumor wire went
berserk oh because the initial report
about michael cohen changing lawyers in
sort of indicated this could be him
preparing to flip so walk me through
that side of things what does that look
like when when a when you guys were
working with somebody you were gonna
prosecute that suddenly was going to
cooperate walk me through that process
well so Danny is exactly right and as
you said you know we are speculating as
to why Cohen is switched lawyers but it
is true
can't give you a statistic but in my
experience people do often change
lawyers before they cooperate and here's
why in order to cooperate someone has to
come to terms with the fact that they're
going to eventually have to plead guilty
and accept some kind of responsibility
and admit to some two crimes and a
lawyer who's advising a client to do
that sometimes the client doesn't want
to hear that and so their their instinct
may be to say I want a new lawyer
because they want to try and see if
another lawyer is not going to give them
that advice go to tell them we can go to
trial we can beat this again we don't
know if that happened here but but in my
experience that happens quite a bit then
what happens is you get another lawyer
and another lawyer who is also you know
hopefully a good lawyer tells them the
same thing and and sometimes clients
need to hear it more than one time from
different lawyers before they can come
to terms with it so it does often that
change that kind of turmoil in the in
the team and the legal representation
there is often a shake-up before there's
cooperation I think for that reason I
wanted to make one point that which is
about what cooperation means cooperation
is this process in the federal system so
it's you know even today when people
were saying oh he's got a new lawyer
he's gonna cooperate boom even if that
had been true today that would have
meant that he was going in and starting
the process of meeting with federal
prosecutors this is going to take a long
time if he ever does cooperate it's not
like he's going to decide to cooperate
and the next day plead guilty and you
know that's it it is a series of
meetings and discussions that are called
proffers it takes a long time here I
imagine it would take a particularly a
long time because you would have to meet
with different sets of prosecute
prosecutors both federal state and
possibly from from Moeller side Gabe
Sherman who's with writes for Vanity
Fair as a contributor of us here at NBC
News he tweeted this person close to
Cohen says he hasn't flipped yet quote
he's sending up a smoke signal to Trump
I need help now Danny and me I'm
guessing it's not it's not all not every
day that either one of you deal with
clients that have the opportunity to
perhaps get a pardon in order to
deal with their situation but Danny let
me start with you personal have you ever
had any experience with a client who
perhaps had an axe access to a pardon
like this and if not what do you make of
trying to send a signal like this no
I've never dealt with a pardon most of
my colleagues have never dealt with a
pardon the pardon process is so distinct
from the criminal justice system that I
can't think of a single colleague who
has handled one although they're
certainly out there and I could probably
look them up if I needed to but you're
absolutely right and in this case we
have a rare instance where a potential
target maybe a future defendant like
Cohen it may be sending up a signal
saying I've changed attorneys if that
makes you nervous mr. president now is
the time to pardon me the clock is
ticking because if Michael Cohen goes
into a proper meeting enters into a
proper agreement provides information to
US attorneys and enters into some kind
of deal you can't unring that Bell the
AUSA s who here the information that he
has to give them can't unhear it after
it after it's out the door so if the
time to pardon is going to have if it's
going to happen the time is now and
Cohen certainly knows that and maybe
within the next couple days we will see
what president Trump's temperature is on
the pardon process heymy
does a pardon cover the evidence like if
let's say the president pardons michael
cohen tomorrow all that evidence that
was gathered up by prosecutors since
they've been going through it to decide
how much of it falls under
attorney-client privilege and how much
of it ten investigators legally use what
happens to that under a pardon situation
nothing the the evidence still exists
you know it's the same thing people talk
about Muller getting fired
even if Muller got fired tomorrow that
evidence still exists and technically
you know the evidence before someone is
charged actually belongs to the FBI not
to the prosecutor's office although
obviously true they share it but but the
evidence is still there and you know
while they may not be able to prosecute
Cohen for federal crimes as many people
have
flame there there's still a possibility
of prosecuting him for state crimes it
would there's some double jeopardy
issues and you know it's kind of
complicated but there's definitely that
possibility and there's certainly the
possibility that that evidence is still
used to prosecute other targets we don't
know right now how far outside the
circle of Cohen the evidence goes but
you know we've had some indications that
it's not just about Michael Cohen
good luck yeah okay go ahead no go ahead
sorry I just want to make one other
point along the lines of sort of you
know what we can read into the attorney
shift I think we will know a little bit
more when we see what attorney Cohen
gets right so there are certain
attorneys that don't cooperate people
they just they have a policy against it
they're they're philosophically opposed
to it you know that happens more in the
sort of mafia arena that there are
attorneys who represent people in the
Mafia world and when when one of those
attorneys ascertained you you knew as a
prosecutor okay this guy's not coming in
but you know is so so that there's that
kind of indication it could be that he
goes for a smaller more solo
practitioner and that might indicate to
us that well maybe it was a financial
thing because this is likely to be a
lower lower rate attorney you know so
there are different things that we might
if it's a former prosecutor for the
Southern District of New York that might
tell us something so I think we'll be
able to have a little bit more in the
smoke signals when we see that all right
Mimi Roca Danny Cevallos you made me
understand this better
and I'm imagine I hope it made viewers
understand better hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
