the president says no nuclear threat I'm
new to nukes so help me understand what
that means because by my estimation
North Korea's still got 20 to 60 nukes
they've got missiles that are
operational and they have chemical
biological and artillery weapons
pointing at South Korea so to me that
doesn't sound like no nuclear threat and
Mike Pompeo is heading to Seoul to sell
this idea so Stephanie congratulations
you've just proven yourself a better
nuclear analyst than the President of
the United States because he evidently
did not do that arithmetic before
claiming that there is no more nuclear
threat and I would just reinforce the
point that the summit statements that
they signed contain language even more
vacuous than earlier agreements North
Korea has signed so I think you're right
to be skeptical that this really amounts
to anything in fact the only nuclear
issue that God that was really affected
by the summit was that the President of
the United States has just demonstrated
the enormous value that crossing the
nuclear threshold has for poor
repressive governments because they get
the undivided attention and affection of
the President of the United States and
that is what is amazing to me I remember
Obama signs a multilateral agreement to
curb Iran's nuclear capabilities and the
GOP says he's legitimized a dictator and
now the president begins to do such a
thing with Kim jong-un and the GOP is
saying he's saving the world can you
explain that to me
yeah hypocrisy and is in moral cowardice
as as the short is a short version it's
a demonstration that this is a party
it's really not even a party it's a cult
of personality so what at works well it
works for his party we'll see whether it
works politically for him in the
president so it appears to be working
well it did work for in 2016 right but
in the end we'll have to see because
reality ultimately prevails but look I I
agree with this analysis this summit was
a farce I think the question here is to
try and keep it from becoming
tast Rafi it's not only that all of the
concessions were front-loaded it is that
Kim having size Trump up its going to
think that he can get away with a huge
amount there were historical parallels
here Khrushchev and Kennedy and 61 that
and Khrushchev thought that Kennedy was
weak and that eventually led to the
Cuban Missile Crisis beyond that Donald
Trump is in a delusional world now
that's fine if he lived in that world
alone but he is attacked delusional
world that he's created the rest of the
Republican Party is standing by him and
the rest of the country is living with
the concept that is exactly the problem
it if it was just his own delusional
world and he were a businessman in New
York that would be one thing but he's
the president and he's drawing us into
that delusional world and people are
treating him actually I think much too
generally he is coming apart and if you
combine the summit in with Kim jong-un
in Singapore with a wreckage of the g7
this is like an inverted world where
Canada is told and the Prime Minister of
Canada is supposed to burn in hell
and as betrayed you know and that he
stuck a knife in the back of Donald
Trump we're fracturing our alliances and
Donald Trump is not only giving away
these concessions he's essentially the
mouthpiece for he is - Kim jong-un what
Baghdad Bob was - Saddam Hussein he is
may God he is making the case morally
and politically for the most repressive
dictator on the on the planet Wow
those are some strong words mark I
wanted to read the way North Korean news
agencies describe the deal Kim jong-un
and Trump had the shared recognition to
the effect that is important to abide by
the principle of step-by-step and
simultaneous action in achieving peace
stability and denuclearization of the
Korean Korean Korean Peninsula do you
think the United States and North Korea
see this the same way I mean if you
listen to Donald Trump
somewhat I mean I think if you just
oppose with what you just just do what
you just read with what the Canadian
Press with the French press with the
British press with the German press said
coming out of the g7 you have what would
Peter just said and I also to underscore
something Peter just said revell reality
prevails
what we're talking about here are
headlines and spin and photo ops these
are all short-term ephemeral readings of
what was a momentous event by any
measure I don't think anyone will be
surprised if in two weeks two months
this all this whole thing went
completely south because you are basing
this completely on a very very you know
I would say unreliable access of of an
unstable dictator and what his ego
thinks and what does he go you know will
let it lead him to do and you just sort
of wonder what does this partnership
made of well it makes you wonder how to
authoritarian leaders feel about this
Corey let's talk about China and Russia
because months ago this exact plan is
what China suggested happened and I
believe it was nikki Haley who said no
way The Wall Street Journal has reported
that Putin may have given Trump the idea
of ending these war games well it does
suggest that we have underestimated the
risk of our adversaries what the White
House described as the return of great
power competition that deal we just made
with North Korea is going to be
celebrated in Moscow and in Beijing but
could that be because the president
doesn't view China Russia or North Korea
as our adversaries he thinks the EU and
Canada are well I agree with Peters
assessment of the enormous damage the
president has done to America's alliance
relationships because I think the
president just fundamentally does not
believe that standing side-by-side with
allies as a source of strength for the
United States and the way he treats that
Chinese the Russians the North Koreans
and cannot seem to get along with the
Canadians the Germans and the French is
it is a world upside down and it's
genuinely damaging to America's security
for the president to be reckless and and
behaving this way all right but take a
different perspective because we knew we
were going to get something different
out of President Trump many people said
it's so crazy it just might work
and North Korea was a massive threat
that's what Obama told them this is our
biggest issue and I want to share what
Trump specifically said
how his rhetoric led to this summit well
I think without the rhetoric we wouldn't
have been here I really believe that you
know we did sanctions and all of the
things that you would do but I think
without the rhetoric you know other
administration's I don't want to get
specific on that but they had a policy
of silence if they said something very
bad and very threatening and horrible
just don't answer that's not the answer
that's not what you have to do so I
think the rhetoric I hated to do it
sometimes I felt foolish doing it but we
had no choice is he wrong here because
on some level Trump does understand Kim
jong-un there's similar guys as absurd
as it is to see Dennis Rodman wearing a
pot coin shirt this could work I mean
they are all similar beings no it won't
work and he is wrong look the
supposition for those who are praising
Trump is that it's better to have a
summit than not and that will inevitably
be better that's simply not true Neville
Chamberlain could have made exactly the
claim Donald Trump did when he met with
Hitler in 38 right Hitler said wonderful
things so did so to Chamberlain those
things don't mean anything what matters
Nia and Mark alluded to it is reality
the reason why this can be dangerous not
as I said not just a forest but a
catastrophe is because what Trump is
setting in motion can eventually make
North Korea more aggressive and stronger
it's gonna weaken the sanctions if the
argument that Trump is proposing is true
and he's now set it which is that
they're not a nuclear threat what's the
argument for sanctions what happens if
if you set up a dynamic where we
withdraw American troops from South
Korea which could eventually lead lead
to conflict so if you believe simply
getting together for 24 hours and
talking is some kind of great
achievement then the Trump U is right
but that's not how diplomacy works it's
not how the real world works and you
have to see this in the arc of events
and this is going to be seen as
something that that I think from a
historical perspective is going to thank
make things more dangerous not less well
look at the way the administration has
been staffed it's almost as though and I
said it yesterday Trump thinks diplomacy
is for Dodos and wimps it's not how real
men run business but is the argument
here
Markman it's not that President Trump
was the only one who could get a summit
like this but the only one who would
take a summit like this I think it's the
latter I mean I think Barack Obama I
think George W Bush I think Bill Clinton
al could have had some it's I mean it's
not a question of like whether the North
Korean leader is willing to sit down I
mean we talked about or the president
talks about this is this great
triumphant moment we wouldn't have
gotten here if it weren't for my
inflamed rhetoric I mean what is here
exactly I mean I think the premise that
we are all monumentally much safer in
North Korea is such a great like
unsorted defanged threat is is very
faulty I mean I think again we're gonna
see what happens in the next few months
but right now I'm not so convinced that
this is such a safer place than it was
two weeks ago
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
