it really quickly what we're talking
about people that have stood up and
spoken out we need to talk about George
Conway who wrote I thought just an
extraordinary takedown of
all the constitutional arguments that
are being used against the Muller
investigation I think most importantly
at the end said you know what Donald
Trump can be forgiven for yes there's a
low bar for non lawyers misquoting the
law but for the co-founder or the
federalist society to just openly yeah
and and and just naked ly misinterpret
law and knowing what he's doing and
calling it a quote legal brief just to
suck up to Donald Trump is unforgivable
Steven calibrate that the Federalist
Society person you're talking about it's
an incredible thing you know we've
noticed this in the past the George
Conway a very esteemed American
conservative lawyer married to Kellyanne
Conway someone that was thought to be a
potential Solicitor General of the Trump
administration has been increasingly
open with his criticism of President
Trump per his wife's boss on mostly on
Twitter and it's been it was a bit the
beginning of the administration it was a
murmur it's become he's become much more
outspoken but this is the first time
he's kind of uncorked a full-on attack
not on President Trump but on president
Trump's enablers on an argument that
President Trump embraced where he which
he comes down fully in support of the
constitutionality the appointment of Bob
Muller but also an argument about about
the silence of other conservative legal
scholars who by their silence are
complicit in a lot of bad constitutional
arguments the president is embracing in
order to attack Bob Muller the FBI of
the Justice Department and others and
when it comes through the legal argument
it's not a close call it's not George
Conway is on the side of the Supreme
Court he's on the side of precedent and
it's very important and I do think
there's a huge disservice it's been done
to George Conway every time he comes out
and makes a legal argument ago oh my god
there's a fight inside the house of
Kelly and now you know what why don't we
just start judging Kelly and Conway for
the work she does and George Conway for
the work that he does a simple and his
pieces in law fair ones
George Conway still ahead new financial
disclosure forms showed just how much
money some members of the Trump
administration made last year doing well
Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump pulled in
millions and National Security Advisor
john bolton got a six-figure sum with
ties to a ukrainian businessmen we're
following the money next on Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
