Challenge ahead for the Trump
administration is how to ensure North
Korea sticks to its word and works to
denuclearize one step the president said
the US will take is to end joint
military exercises with South Korea
North Korea has long objected to the
exercises calling them practice for war
by the US
let's bring in Kevin Barron executive
editor at defense won Kevin you have
some strong feelings about whether or
not the president should end military
exercises on the DMZ and all in South
Korea tell us why well it's nothing I
feelings about whether he should or not
I think that there's a lot to break down
here so he said that they're going to
end military exercises he calls them
wargames but we don't know any details
beyond that the u.s. does exercises
year-round they do bilateral ones with
the Koreans they do multilateral ones
with other nations in the area and what
we don't know is what it means that he's
going to stop doing is it going to be
these large multi force events that are
really are designed to practice for the
big Korean War should it ever happened
what is he just talking about these
flowers from bombers like the b-2 Salaam
that he's cited today a lot of this goes
back to remember the North Koreans are
the ones who said they wanted this to be
stipulation of them coming to the table
they wanted to the the seats the one of
the u.s. deceased exercises and just and
for the purpose they wanted saying that
they wanted the United States to pull
back the nuclear threat to North Korea
but we don't know what that means
it could mean everything that Trump was
talking about flying nuclear weapons
from bomber six hours away but it could
mean missile threat it can also mean the
submarine threat the United States has
many ways to deliver nuclear weapons to
North Korea so they have a bit of an out
when they talk about saying well we want
the u.s. to stop military exercises or
else talking about the dismantling and
removing of nuclear weapons it's not
just a quick process the president has
acknowledged this as well he said he's
read a lot of books about it and that it
would take a long time just the New York
Times laid out the nine steps it'll take
to disarm North Korea overall dismantle
and remove nuclear weapons halts uranium
enrichment disable reactors closed
nuclear test sites and h-bomb fuel
production in
expect anywhere destroy biological
weapons destroyed chemical weapons curb
missile program
is there anything whatsoever in the
agreement that the president has so far
signed that can guarantee any of those
points no there's no guarantee of any of
this but I think a lot of the nuclear
the North Korea and nuclear Watchers did
not expect those details at this meeting
they just they were hopeful that this
would be the start of a process to come
and that's what a lot of our you know
the guests throughout the that night in
the evenings last few days have been
saying let's see now what comes next and
it really falls to Pompeo and it falls
to and others in the administration to
get down to those dirty details you know
there are very few examples in world
history of countries that are
successfully denuclearize but they do
exist and the question is what level of
verification are we going to see all
those points that you that you said that
the Times reported on will require
independent verification that's the
United Nations that's what we know if
that happens in a right was was
happening in Iran with places like
Ukraine South Africa you know there's
lots of other countries what's the
difference between I mean what the
president didn't like the Iran deal and
a lot of Republicans and some Democrats
didn't like the Iran deal because they
felt that Iran Iran's leaders were liars
and that they couldn't trust even the
verification process Kim jong-un is not
known as a very honest person his regime
and the leaders before him have not been
so honest they've broken deals in the
past without the the big V verification
in this as Pompeo was so adamant about a
couple days ago in this first letter I'm
just a little bit confused on what the
difference between the the horrible Iran
deal was and what more can be done with
North Korea well yeah your point as well
take it and lots of folks are saying the
same thing I think one difference
between the two countries is that North
Korea has nuclear weapons Iran did not
Iran was aspirational for them so lesson
here build your nuclear weapons and then
you'll have to get us then we have to
come to the negotiating table with you
no matter what no I think the big the
bigger thing to look at is the the way
that Trump has approached any initial
contact most North Korea versus the way
the United States approached Iran so
there was no contact a diplomatic
contact with the Ranford
like 20 30 years so the way that that
happened was it was a different set of
leaders and those leaders with John
Kerry decided to go step by step with
these you know meetings after meetings
after meetings in Vienna to get through
you know hundreds of points to come up
with the big deal that they came out
with just on the nuclear issue this is
the other way around Trump is the guy
who likes to just he wants to just get
in the room with this guy give him some
praise prop him up get a process started
and we know Trump you know and more than
anybody that he never sticks to a deal
he agrees with ask them you know anybody
who painted one of his hotels or the the
meetings with lawmakers where he would
sit across the table from a Democrat and
say yeah we're gonna we're gonna get
that done we're gonna move forward with
daca or immigration or or health care or
and then he turns around or something
else minute later says no no no I'd ever
said that
well the index you know but that can't
work both ways and I'm not you know not
to justify his mo that's that's Donald
Trump but you know go back to the
military exercise thing he Trump said
and a subsequent interview after his
press conference unless he said we'll
stop the military exercises
unless North Korea doesn't live up to
their end in which case you know they're
back on I know they're never gonna end
to begin with pompe who's got to go talk
to the Allies the US forces Korea has
said that they have not received any
guidance yet whatsoever so again I'm
constantly saying at any time I feel
like come on TV to talk about something
with Donald Trump wait and see what
actually happens not just what was said
not in a tweet and not even in a signed
agreement with the leader of North Korea
well here's the thing regardless of what
happens next the North Koreans and Kim
jong-un did get legitimacy out of this
they did get that photo-op and he did
get to travel to another country where
he was not only welcomed by the American
president but it seemed like he was
feted by folks on the ground there in
Singapore cheering him and remember this
is a murderous dictator who had no
legitimacy and so at the very least the
very least what he walks away with is
some legitimacy Kevin Barron thank you
very much sir you're welcome hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
