day 509 of the Trump administration and
before we go too far we mentioned this
is a primary night in five states
tonight we're going to cover this in a
short time but we have results already
and they include a prominent GOP member
of the House of Representatives who has
apparently been turned away by voters
tonight with some help from the Twitter
feed of President Donald Trump but to
our lead story first the president today
has praised the leader of North Korea
and he has attacked Canada and Robert
DeNiro
the president is right now on board Air
Force One headed back to Washington
after his summit with North Korean
dictator Kim jong-un and while the
president has insisted the summit was
about denuclearization his Twitter feed
tonight shows he is seeing the criticism
of his performance at the summit and is
sensitive to it quote a year ago the
pundits and Talking Heads people that
couldn't do the job before we're begging
for conciliation and peace please meet
don't go to war now that we meet and
have a great relationship with Kim
jong-un the same haters shout out you
shouldn't meet do not meet the president
also remains effusive in his thanks and
praise for the leader of North Korea
thanking quote chairman Kim for taking
the first bold step toward a bright new
future and this quote Chairman Kim has
before him the opportunity to be
remembered as the leader who ushered in
a glorious new era of security and
prosperity as well as got along great
with Kim jong-un who wants to see
wonderful things for his country as I
said earlier today anyone can make war
but only the most courageous can make
peace those posts echoed the praise we
heard from Trump for Kim jong-un earlier
today well he is very talented anybody
that takes over a situation like he did
at 26 years of age and is able to run it
and run it tough I don't say it was nice
or I don't say anything about it he
rented
very few people at that age you can take
one out of 10,000 probably couldn't how
do you trust a killer like that Georgie
I'm given what I'm given okay I mean
this is what we have and this is where
we are and I can only tell you from my
experience and I met him I've spoken
with him and I've met him and this was
as you know started very early and it's
been very intense I think that he really
wants to do a great job for North Korea
I think he wants to die nuke really he's
got a great personality
he's a you know funny guy he's a very
smart guys a great negotiator
he loves his people not that I'm
surprised by that but he loves his
people his country does love him his
people you see the fervor they have a
great fervor very smart very good
negotiator wants to do the right thing
he wants to do the right thing now with
all of that being said I can't talk
about it doesn't matter we were starting
from scratch we're starting right now
the relationship was really good the you
know it built and I talked about early
on in the relationship and the feeling
well we had a very good feel right from
the beginning and we were able to get
something very important and people were
saying what's he like he's got a very
good personality he's funny and he's
very very smart he's a great negotiator
and he's a very strategic kind of a guy
in light of all those comments by Trump
about Kim effusive nough stood in
interviews that aired in primetime
tonight on the president's way back one
of the president's own more dependable
surrogates appearing on CNN tonight
admitted quote look I don't think
President Trump knows a ton about the
history of North Korea the President and
Kim jong-un did sign a document at the
end of this summit it included a
commitment to continued relations and to
nuclear disarmament on the peninsula it
was short on specifics though the
president is convinced he has received
assurances following the summit Trump
said he planned to end those annual
joint military exercises with South
Korea he emphasized their cost we will
be stopping the war games which will
save us a tremendous amount of money
unless and until we see that the future
negotiation is not going along like it
should but we'll be saving a tremendous
amount of money plus I think it's very
provocative the effort to win over the
North Korean leader went further and
featured something extraordinary a
propaganda video produced by the White
House bearing the stamp of
whitehouse.gov and shown to Kim jong-un
on an iPad narrated in the spirit of a
movie trailer the president was so proud
of the product he shared it with the
press corps history is always evolving
and there comes a time when only a few
are called upon
difference but the question is what
difference will a few make destiny
pictures presents a story of opportunity
a news story a new beginning
of peace to men to leaders one destiny
there can only be two results one of
moving back or one of moving forward
again so they're in the meeting with Kim
they hand him an iPad with this video on
it translated Trump later gave this
assessment of Kim's reaction to it I
think he loved it I showed it because I
really want him to do something now I
don't think I had to show it because I
really believe he wants to I think he
wants to get it done at the end of their
time together the president also gave
Kim a tour of his armored Cadillac
limousine the two men took great pains
in general to show a good relationship
there were so many handshakes numerous
Pat's on the back a big change from the
rocket man and fire and fury days the
rhetoric the president seems to believe
helped make this summit possible well I
think without the rhetoric we wouldn't
have been here so I think the rhetoric I
hated to do it sometimes I felt foolish
doing it but we had no choice let us
bring in our leadoff panel on a Tuesday
night post summit Robert Costa national
political reporter for The Washington
Post moderator of Washington week on PBS
Susan Glasser staff writer for The New
Yorker and a veteran overseas journalist
and Jeff Bennett White House
correspondent for NBC News good evening
and welcome to you all Robert I'd like
to begin with you what just happened
what did the u.s. get what did the u.s.
give away and are you two noting a
certain kind of sensitivity in the
president's outgoing social media posts
tonight here on Capitol Hill Brian there
is bewilderment in both parties that the
president is so unorthodox in his
approach to foreign policy that most
leaders here in capital are not really
sure how to respond senator Bernie
Sanders on the Left said while he's
encouraging of the diplomacy here of the
peace process but still wary of how this
is all playing out Senator Marco Rubio
Florida Republican talking about how the
US really can't trust Kim jong-un yet at
the White House tonight they feel
comfortable with the president's
position they believe that by rattling
this negotiation process is the only way
to have progress and at this point
they're confident that this is moving
incrementally that by engaging Kim
they're bringing him into the world but
that's a risk that's an opportunity and
also a risk depending on who you ask
Susan I'd like to show you back to you
how you started your day on Twitter and
those who follow you woke up to the
following wording you were kind of
taking in the new world have to admit my
head is spinning from a world where
Canada is the president's enemy and
rotting in hell and North Korea is a
fantastic partner seriously Susan did
anything transpire during the day to
change your view of the world well you
know I have to tell you Brian that today
is one of those days that does feel a
little bit like you're living inside an
onion story and you clicked on it by
mistake you know and you did see by the
way I should say one of the president's
advisers who had one of those
astonishing attacks on the Canadian
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau over the
weekend he did somewhat apologize today
for it but you had president Trump
himself even in that extraordinary press
conference he went better in Canada he
went back at Canada and you know I think
what I'm struck by is number one of
course we've had many rounds of
negotiations and talks although never at
the presidential level between the
United States and North Korea I believe
12 previous times North Korea has
committed in one way or the other to
denuclearization over the years there
have been signed agreements that are
much more rigorous than the agreement
which was really a series of four bullet
points that President Trump announced
today after the meeting with kim
jeong-hoon as you said you know
democrats and and many republicans of
course are supportive of peace they're
supportive of talking with North Korea
rather than threatening nuclear
annihilation but to me the last week has
been a striking week for president
Trump's foreign policy in that we really
begin to see he has a radically
different vision of the world than his
predecessors Republican and Democrat and
that includes Ronald Reagan as much as
Barack Obama president Trump has a
different view of American leadership in
the world it is America as a unilateral
power and is America much more as a
great power operating
Russia and China without values he's not
talking about human rights and it's a
very awkward and I think astonishing
thing for many of us who have paid close
attention to listen to the President of
the United States lavish praise on not
just a dictator but right now arguably
he is he presides over the most
tyrannical country to its people in the
world right now Jeff Bennett the other
tweet I woke up to this morning though
in the haze of morning Twitter the
author escapes me right now a person
said on Twitter this morning my iTunes
User Agreement has more specific wording
in it than the document these two signed
can you tell us what are the
deliverables what will the president
haul off Air Force One as a tangible
with him when he gets off the plane in
the wee small hours of the morning
well White House officials make the
point that yes even though the language
in this statement is vague even though
the president calls it comprehensive
although it's just a one-page document
that it does suggest that Kim and the
president will work toward the eventual
d'un denuclearization of the peninsula
they say that replacing diplomacy with
the specter of a nuclear showdown is a
good thing I can tell you though Brian
that one of the reasons why the
president was spinning the smashing
success of this summit before it even
ended is that people close to him tell
me that he was intent on emerging from
these talks with some sort of victory
that has been his goal since he
announced this the fact that he would
even accept these talks back in March
and the reason for it is really
threefold one he thinks it's a
compelling argument a compelling pitch
to make to voters in the midterm
elections that he ran as a candidate who
promised to up end the world order and
that he's in at least in some part
making good on that - he thinks it will
help mitigate the risk he might face
resulting from the Russia investigation
you know how can you indict or impeach
him considering that the all the
goodwill that he's trying to bring about
in the region but he's also really
intent on burnishing his legacy you you
saw how he tried to cast this agreement
as better than different from anything
that any other administration had tried
to do he's doing something here that no
other administration could do
although you could also make the point
that he's doing something that no other
administration would do and that he's
meeting with the tin-pot dictator
emerging at least in the short term with
nothing concrete to show for it hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
