well remember when the president of
France was Donald Trump's new best
friend with all those awkwardly long
handshakes and Pat's on the back and
strange touching well it sounds like
Donald Trump has a new best friend
really he's got a great personality he's
a you know funny guy he's a very smart
guys a great negotiator
he loves his people not that I'm
surprised by that but he loves his
people he loves his people there is a
reason that Kim jong-un is the only
overweight person we have ever seen in
North Korea and that is because he is
the only person in North Korea who gets
to eat as much as he wants as often as
he wants eat and drink as much as he
wants whenever he wants whatever he
wants and he starves his people starves
them masses of North Koreans are
starving everyday and everynight and the
President of the United States says the
North Korean hereditary dictator loves
his people he loves his people so much
that Donald Trump said it twice
Donald Trump has never praised another
head of state more fully than he praised
Kim Jong president Trump has now said
stronger words of praise about Kim
jong-un than he has ever said about even
Benjamin Netanyahu great personality
funny guy
great negotiator Kim jong-un didn't say
any of those things about Donald Trump
to get Donald Trump to say all of that
the only thing Kim jong-un had to do was
sign a piece of paper that said he quote
commits to work toward complete
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
Kim didn't have to say what century that
would take place in he didn't have to
say what denuclearization means to him
and so another line of that piece of
paper that the president and the
dictators signed says that they quote
commit to hold follow-on negotiations
led by the US Secretary of State Mike
plan pay oh and a relevant high-level
DPRK official at the earliest possible
date
not even a date certain there isn't even
a deadline for their next meeting and
the document doesn't name the North
Korean official who Mike Pompeo will be
meeting with because of course Kim
jong-un just might kill a few North
Korean officials between now and that
and so he's not gonna name the North
Korean official who Mike Pompeo will
meet with because he doesn't want to
guarantee that any particular North
Korean official will not be killed
before that meeting Kim holds power
through murder of people around him
including relatives and by terrorizing
his entire country and by starving
millions of people that's the person who
donald trump now trusts and believes
president Trump said repeatedly that he
believes that Kim is going to do
everything that the United States wants
him to do we have never seen a more
naive and trusting American president in
the summit meeting with a foreign leader
of any country in history and we have
never seen a president of the United
States in the summit meeting with a more
vicious leader of any country a more
untrustworthy leader of any country and
this is the leader who Donald Trump
trusts and believes and praises more
than any other in the world the man you
met today Kim jong-un as you know has
killed family members has starved his
own people is responsible for the death
of a bottle of warm beer why are you so
comfortable calling him very talented
well he is very talented anybody that
takes over a situation like he did at 26
years of age and is able to run it and
run it tough I don't say it was nice or
I don't say anything about it he rented
very few people at that age you can take
one out of 10,000 probably couldn't do
it run it tough he ran it tough on otto
warmbier the President of the United
States is actually praising the
toughness of a hereditary dictator a man
who inherited his dictatorship and runs
it tough through murder and torture and
starvation
and imprisonment of anyone and everyone
he feels threatened by and so nothing
was accomplished at the singham or
Singapore summit unless you believe that
North Korea's willingness to continue to
talk to the Secretary of State is an
accomplishment but North Korea has
always been willing to talk to the
Secretary of State and so Mike Pompeo
will be the latest Secretary of State to
try to get North Korea to give up
nuclear weapons Jerry us now is John
Holland national affairs analyst for NBC
News and MSNBC he's the co-host
executive show times the circus also
with us Nicholas Kristof pulled
surprised when he called missed or the
New York Times who has reported from
North Korea of multiple times and James
Fallows Europe editor for The Atlantic
former speechwriter for President Jimmy
Carter and co-author of the new book our
towns a hundred thousand mile journey
into the heart of America John Hoffman
he loves his people president actually
went to that point and this is the same
president who made so much of the otto
warmbier case the death that he blamed
on kim we know the president doesn't
know very much about very much that's
been gone vivid displayed throughout his
presidency I think that and this will
not be news to anybody either what I say
that when you watch this beat in this
performance you see a moral cipher
someone who is the guy who came on this
network when he was running for
president and said that he might have
items' ear Putin's toughness and when it
was pointed out to him the Vladimir
Putin did murder and journalists he said
well so what it's better than Barack
Obama who was weak and you know we've
killed people too in the United States
that was there was a moral vacuous nough
stew that comment and there was a abject
kind of horrifying moral vacuous nough
stepand singapore yesterday it's it's
just one of the most depressing things
that I've seen and I've been pretty
depressed during this mr. Nick you've
been to North Korea multiple times your
reaction to what happened yesterday well
and look North Korea is not just one
more repressive country it is the most
Attalla terian country ever a UN report
noted that it has no parallel the
International Bar Association did a
report by a concentration camp survivor
no survivor of Auschwitz he compared the
labor camps
North Korea to those that he had
survived in and so and and and these
labor camps have been going on for
decades
oh these since the beginning of this
raid about a hundred thousand political
prisoners are sent to them and what is
different I mean lots of countries
imprison dissidents but in North Korea
if you are labeled a political prisoner
if you have for example a cell phone
that can in near the China border area
they can reach into China if you have a
radio with a dial so it can get South
Korean broadcasts then not only are you
sent to the camp but three generations
of the entire family are sent together
and so this is a country that really
does not have a parallel and what
troubled me the most I think was not
just the silence about human rights but
President Trump seemed to become a
defender of North Korea spokesman for
North Korea and he he referred to
military exercises as a great
provocation which is the North Korea
position he said that yeah North Korea's
little rough on human rights but lots of
countries are rough and then in that
same VOA interview he was asked his
message to the North Korean people and
he said he spoke up for Kim jong-un and
he said yes these a he loves his people
we you know we like him and he's trying
to do right by his people and you know I
just was imagining what happens to
somebody who's got family members in
those camps and they're thinking they're
hearing that in this illegal radio in
North Korea and the despair they must
feel just let's underline this point
Voice of America Radio is pumped into
North Korea for the very few people who
can hear it and what what the voice of
America wants them to hear is some kind
of hope and what they heard was the
President of the United States praising
the dictator of their country that's
exactly right and the only people who
could hear that would be on radios that
have been illegally tinkered with to get
shortwave broadcasts were to get Chinese
stations and so they are taking an
enormous risk silently listening where
nobody can hear them to that to that
broadcast with the pictures of the great
leader in the Dear Leader staring
down at them from the wall that every
house must have and then to hear
President Trump say commend their leader
and say that he loves his people I mean
what do you say and we now have a new
breaking news report from North Korea
saying that Donald Trump has agreed to
lift sanctions on North Korea that is a
claim being made by North Korean state
media at this hour saying Donald Trump
agreed to lift sanctions against North
Korea along with providing it with
security guarantees the nation's state
news agency has claimed the Korean news
agency also reported that Kim jong-un
had accepted an invitation to visit the
White House said mr. Trump had indicated
he would lift sanctions along with
ending military exercises with South
Korea there was no independent
confirmation of the claim and no
immediate comment from the White House
and James Fellowes the truth of it is we
have no idea what was said in that room
by either one of them exactly because if
you benchmark this against normal
administrations you know a head of state
meeting would happen as the last stage
because they'd be preparation by staff
members and secretaries of state and
these things to be worked out and at a
minimum there would be aides in the room
to hear what one of these people was
saying to the other so we would know
that for a fact and you wouldn't have
the president United States talking
about highly provocative war games which
is what North Korean state media has
been saying for decades and the people's
daily in China so this is one more sign
that just winging it has consequences
the report also quotes Kim as saying
that the North could take additional
goodwill message goodwill measures and
so John this was what we're anticipating
last night two Liars go into a room two
proven Liars go into a room and they are
the only sources of what was said in
that room and Kim wasn't going to say
this smart enough to not try to say this
publicly while Donald Trump was with him
and so now he says it in North Korea to
the North Korean news agency and what is
the president the United States going to
do about this man who he has been
praising does he now call him a liar
does he say yes and I offered to lift
sanctions these are some things that he
has already hinted are things he was
going to do in the future an appropriate
time I'll have them at the White House
it's gonna be hard for him to say well
you know that when I said in this been
the in the press conference that I would
give love and come to the White House an
appropriate time I didn't say yeah you
know how there's you can be splitting
hairs in a situation where there's gonna
be no proof all of the things that we're
now talking about some we know to be
true that there are things that Trump
says are gonna happen related to what
are called war games by some some now
are asserted by the North Korean state
media tangible things a trip to the
White House lifting of sanctions
security assurances these are all
tangible things and what did Donald
Trump get for those tangible things
nothing not a single tangible thing
aspirations happy talk things that might
happen one day in the future and the
same things North Korea has been saying
to his successive administration's for
the past 30 years
if this I'd never like to play this game
because it is just so shooting fish in a
barrel with a big submachine gun but if
Barack Obama had done this yes the
entire Republican Party would be calling
for his impeachment tonight well we can
fill the rest of the hour with showing
video of Republicans criticizing
President Obama for even mentioning the
possibility of talking directly to the
North Korean leader and including the
Republicans who were in the room with
Donald Trump yesterday in Singapore Mike
Pompeo and so and john bolton and so
this is clearly one of those instances
where they are are spinning a complete
circle exclusively because Donald Trump
was doing it that's right I mean there
are a number of things that we could
reasonably have expected to get it would
have been reasonable to have North Korea
commit to have no more nuclear tests no
more missile tests in 1994 they
committed to freezing plutonium to
having international inspectors as
recently as 2005 they committed to
rejoining the NPT you know they could
have committed to some kind of
verification regime international
inspectors and young gun and none of the
happened and so one has to sort of
assume that they're simply going back to
what they originally promised in 1992
which is denuclearization by which they
mean essentially that the u.s. no longer
protects South Korea and the meantime
you know we gave up some valuable things
we gave up military exercises we gave
the legitimacy that we confer on Kim
jong-un we gave the lavish praise that
President Trump provided too and we gave
up security guarantees of which the
content is not specifically known but we
are great deal maker gave up quite a bit
and as John says we didn't give anything
let's take a look at the motivational
video that the president United States
had made to show to Kim Jong to show him
what his future could be let's look at
this shake the hand of peace and enjoy
prosperity like he has never seen a
great life
or isolation
we'll be chosen
featuring President Donald Trump
and chairman kim jungeun
in a meeting
we make history to shine in the Sun one
moment one choice
the future remains to be written and
James fellas that looks like a child's
presentation to another child to try to
convince them to come to the party and
apparently Donald Trump wants to lift
sanctions on speedboats that's why he
had that speedboat in the video but
Donald Trump is a true believer in
materialism there's nothing that matters
to him more than his stuff and he thinks
that's universal and he thinks that Kim
wants those speedboats for his people
any problem want some for himself but
that video like so many things about
Donald Trump was unintentionally very
revealing because I agree with John and
Nick the United States got absolutely
nothing from this deal and gave up a
tremendous amount Donald Trump got
something at least in the short term at
least and sort of the theme of that
video of being a man of destiny you know
setting that the world's course so he
gave that Candra know you know many fold
that but it so Trump himself was the
only victor of it with American
citizenship from this deal the rest of
us lost quickly about materialism within
North Korea there there is no less
materialistic country or population on
earth the idea that Kim wants to make
his people rich strikes me as something
that has not yet crossed Kim's mind no I
actually disagree with that to some
degree so his father was very much there
was a policy of military first and Kim
Jong then when he took over had a dual
policy of military development but also
development of the economy and so for
the and then recently he he thought he
took away the military part now it's
just economic development and so in
Pyongyang of for the elites who are
allowed to live in Pyongyang you know
you you have to be an elite to live
there disabled people are pushed out of
Pyongyang for example but for those
elites they have opened up nice
restaurants a dolphinarium an amusement
park and they there are these
aspirations for the elites who are
influential family members of the regime
that for those there is some sense that
Kim jong-un would actually like to lift
living standards long way from having
speedboats right and so speedboats
afford the
kristef thank you very much for joining
our discussion tonight thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
