Muller warning publicly that some of the
information his team has investigators
are gathering could he worries hen end
up in the hands of Russian intelligence
now all this has to do with 13 Russians
and three companies that Miller's
already charged for the election
meddling you remember that occurred back
in February now lawyers for one of the
companies have already met with the
Special Counsel team but Muller wants to
go further this is what the new filing
does it asked the judge to bar those
people from potentially handing over
leaking or doing anything with that
information to these other charged
individuals he argues in the court
filing releasing the information would
quote assist foreign intelligence
surfaces particularly those of the
Russian Federation
aka Putin and suggesting that Miller
knows other people who could be charged
next or ongoing interference and this is
the part I'm going to dig into with my
expert guest because he says he
identifies quote uncharged individuals
and entities that the government
believes are continuing to engage in
interference operations like those
charged in the present indictment Nick
Ackerman is a former Watergate special
prosecutor Shelby Holiday reporter for
The Wall Street Journal has been all
over this story Nick this is new and
this is Bob Miller trying to protect his
operation what does it mean well what
he's trying to protect are his
investigative techniques how he goes
about doing an investigation what his
agents are doing and what other agents
have done within the government to
uncover the evidence that they have in
this case it goes to possible other
cooperating witnesses other possible
informants what he's concerned about is
if somebody was able foreign
intelligence was able to look at this
entire file they'd be able to divine
from that all kinds of things like what
they should do to better protect
themselves if they're gonna try and
interfere with our elections what they
should do to try and identify other
cooperating informants and sources
within their own government that might
be giving up information to the US
government I mean this is not
information that's necessarily
classified right but it's important
information in terms of the government's
ability to investigate these kinds of
cases when you see Bob Miller do this
and the headline to some people is okay
he's referring to ongoing
Russian meddling some people might be
like yeah I heard about that it's like
they keep doing it
why'd illegally does he say that here
why does he say it again I'm reading
from this brand new filing he believes
this is an allegation that they are
quote continuing to engage in
interference operations like those
charged in the indictment I think he has
evidence that that's ongoing I think
he's got people who are telling him that
he's got investigations that are showing
that those be new crimes oh of course it
could be an ongoing crime it could be
coming from national security wiretaps
it could be from a whole series of host
informants that they're using and so
they want to protect how they're going
about doing this they don't want to
advertise to the world this is how we
uncover our evidence this is how we make
our cases and that's what they're trying
to protect here I also thought it's
interesting in here he talks about the
relationships of charged and uncharged
parties foreign entities and government
I don't know if that means there is an
uncharged government NIC said it could
be a Russian government agent I think
it's a government but another thing that
you point out in this and I think it's
important is not only would it identify
perhaps uncharged individuals and also
the sources and methods but it this
discovery also contains a massive amount
of information about American victims
who thought that they were communicating
with us accounts instead they were
Russian accounts we've reported at the
journal a lot about people who are
caught up in these weird schemes that
the Russians were involved in and it's
very embarrassing for their information
to be public and you're putting your
finger on an important point here that
Muller is pursuing which is when
Americans got mixed up in this yeah were
they unwitting yeah it makes them
victims or were any of them witting were
they uncharged entities who are involved
in America wanted to cooperate that's a
very good point so that could also be
collude if you want to use it right you
might be wanting to protect victims and
also people who could be charged with
crimes but we've talked to a lot of
Americans who helped Russians set up
some of their rallies who participated
in schemes fake propaganda podcasts a
lot of them when we call them are
embarrassed that they were in fact
communicating with Russian accounts so
therefore the special counsel doesn't
want their names out there it's hard to
keep up with real podcasts let alone
fake podcast it's a lot of podcast
podcasting fake news I want to move to
one other important story I mean the
rush of stuff here is huge we got it
into our show as breaking news but the
other big thing you should know about
there's these new financial numbers that
reveal Jared Kushner new vodka Trump
made 82 million dollars in outside
income last year including three point
nine million dollars alone Ivanka got
from the Trump Hotel in DC which has
been accused of conflicts of interest
all this as the family talks up how
they're not taking any government salary
he's a high quality person he works for
nothing just so you know nobody ever
reports that but he gets zero he doesn't
get a salary
nor does Ivanka at all she and her
husband Jared have roles in the White
House so you're basically a dual income
family actually we don't take an income
so we've waived our salaries we are a no
income family right now I mean it's it's
so funny as you know it's a very
hilarious thing to be a no income family
pulling down 82 million
hahaha I wonder what you think this does
as we get the facts it's almost like
there's a part of the Trump Ivanka Nexus
that doesn't care or understand that
there is transparency rules which they
brought on themselves and I don't know
if you ever watch the a-team but mr. t
would always say you brought this on
yourself if they hadn't come into
government to take these special plum
nepotistic positions we wouldn't be
learning as much about the financial
disclosures at some point do they look
at this and say number one wow we have
to give up a lot of information and
number two do you think this reflects a
real corruption conflict of interest for
the White House well I just think it's
bizarre that they're spinning it in this
way when you can turn around and say are
you benefiting from patents that you're
getting from China are you benefitting
possibly from a bailout for Jared
Kushner's building in New York there are
a lot of different ways that it appears
as if they are benefiting financially so
I just think you bring it on yourself
when you talk about how you're no income
family yet millions of Americans can
turn around and say I'm not so sure
that's the case that's absolutely right
I mean the appearances here are terrible
I mean when Ivanka when the Chinese
government announces that they've issued
form or trademarks to Ivanka's brand
when she's manufacturing her stuff all
overseas including China
in the Far East I mean the obvious
question is would she have gotten that
if her name was Ivanka Jones right I
doubt it
right doubt it and that's the problem is
that people are going to consistently
think that she is making money as well
as everybody in this administration is
making mega bucks off of the government
that's what they're doing they're using
this as an ability to line their own
pockets and increase their income which
is not what government service is about
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
