some important breaking policy news on
immigration a night the Trump
administration now planning to build
tent cities to shelter migrant children
many of whom are isolated or orphaned by
Trump's hardline policies the
administration's has rolled out policies
that separate children from parents who
enter the US illegally jeff sessions
says that is the right thing to do now
he's issued executive guidance limiting
the asylum that the u.s. traditionally
grants to women fleeing abuse and gang
violence here's Jessica Alvarado from
Honduras she fled there seeking asylum
to protect her against threats of
violence domestic abuse and murder the
employees opened Olympus or a la llamada
puts undercommons Marrero finding this
weapon which all understand language and
putting the other will send me much in
are you doing archaeology higher en de
Casas we can't panic Indiana CIA area
tonight her lawyer tells to beat this
Neutron policy will directly affect our
case I'm joined now by Democratic Center
for Oregon Jeff Merkley he was trying to
enter an immigration detention center in
Texas last week and was barred by police
that video got a lot of attention
senator your view of the significance of
these reports of these 10 cities well
it's a horrific situation for the first
time in u.s. history were taking those
who are fleeing persecution abroad and
instead of treating them respectfully
instead of holding up the torch with
Lady Liberty we're instead saying if you
have fleeing persecution and you wash up
on our shores we're going to treat you
as a criminal and take away your
children that has an enormous ly
destructive impact on parents and it's a
huge trauma for the for the children
never before have we hurt children in
order to influence the parents it's
absolutely wrong thing to do
senator I wonder if we could dig into
what Jeff Sessions is saying he's a
former colleague of yours as well as the
Attorney General because we've all heard
the legal argument that at a certain
point a country can't necessarily let in
everyone who might have a good claim
and that's one of the arguments over
limits immigration what strikes me as
different and I want to take his
argument seriously is the idea that
these aren't valid claims to begin with
which seems pretty hard to defend given
that these people seem like the most the
most likely in need of asylum to take a
listen to attorney General Sessions
powerful incentives were created for
aliens to come here illegally and claim
fear of return in effect word spread
that by asserting this fear they could
remain in the United States the vast
majority of the current asylum claims
we're seeing are not valid your view of
the substantive argument he's making and
these are invalid claims and that fear
of return which is one of the ways as
you know people get asylum they say it
would be literally deported back to a
place where they might be
domestically abused or killed by a gang
that that itself should no longer be
grounds yes so the argument he's making
that some of the claims are illegitimate
that's determined through an intense
review process a hearing for asylum and
unless you can really document what
happened to you beforehand and you can
document the the fear of return you're
turned down for asylum and your return
your deported but if but if you're
waiting that asylum hearing and your
claims are found to be valid it makes a
lot of sense for your family to be kept
together to be strengthened as their new
arrivals in the United States if you're
being returned to your host country if
you're going to be deported after that
hear it again makes sense for the family
to have been kept together why why add
insult to injury and hurt these children
in the route to sending them back keep
them together until the hearing either
they get to stay or they go but in
either case we haven't perpetrated an
additional level of abuse what do you
think about what is admittedly a smaller
issue which is whether this is a
deterrent there are folks who might not
agree with as far as how far these
policies go but think well if the United
States is sort of too hospitable then
people in these other countries will
hear
no I'll come rushing here and there'll
be greater migration do you see any
evidence that these crackdowns are
actually going to reach and dissuade the
kind of people in the kind of situations
that they're fleeing from to come here
think about this core argument the
argument is yes if we inflict trauma on
children and word can get back to where
they came from other families will not
seek to come to the United States are we
really saying and by the way the
administration is saying that they are
inflicting trauma on children to
influence adults there is no moral code
in the universe of supports being
destructive to children to influence the
future decisions of other adults there's
no religious code in the universe that
supports that type of construction of
abusing children today to influence some
other group of adults somewhere else in
the world when you put it like that I
mean you're making a profound moral
point which is that for all the talk of
allegations that people are
quote-unquote using their children to
try to set up shop here what you're
articulating for us is a moral
opprobrium for the US government trying
to turn those children into pawns or
individuals minors who should be
punished to warn others which the way
you put it is I think instructive and
frankly chilling hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
