what is your reaction to this redefining
of our asylum laws by Attorney General
Jeff Sessions obviously these are
stories that break your heart and it's
obvious that Congress needs to step in
and clarify exactly who our Asylum laws
are supposed to benefit traditionally
asylum in the United States has been
reserved for those fleeing persecution
for their political beliefs people who
have been tortured for political dissent
but obviously the courts have expanded
that definition and I think every
American is sympathetic to any woman or
any individual of fleeing this type of
violence I think there's some valid
questions to Katie for example if
someone is fleeing a Central American
country because they don't feel safe
there and they're in Mexico today why
can't they claim asylum in Mexico you
hear a lot of people ask that question
can the United States afford a welcome
in every person from all over the world
that is fleeing this type of situation
we really need to find a healthy balance
which is one of the reasons why we're
trying to get immigration reform yeah
out of the US House of Representatives
for the first time in at least over a
decade well let's let's talk about that
I know there's there's an effort to
force a vote on daca last I heard you
guys were were three signatures away
this includes Republicans and Democrats
if I'm if I'm correct where does that
effort stand is it gonna work we're
three signatures away we have two
opportunities to get our discharged rule
the bills that we want to take to the
floor debate at either June 25th or a
date in July if we want to hit the June
25th day we need to have the signatures
by today but there's a parallel process
that's ongoing negotiations among House
Republicans and today there's a meeting
at 5:30 just behind me here at the
speaker's office and I think that
meeting will be crucial I think members
in that meeting will know whether House
Republicans are serious about bringing
immigration legislation to the floor
that includes a solution for young
immigrants
brought to our country as children
dreamers and also border security and
other components that are important to
the administration if House Republicans
are serious about it I think we may get
legislation on the floor here very soon
and some members may decide that the
discharge petition isn't the way to go
if there's dithering at this 5:30
meeting if there's no progress I think
you're gonna see some Republicans say
enough is enough
join the other the 23 of us who have
already signed and forced this debate on
the House floor my goal here has been
we're going to debate immigration
legislation on the floor of the house
one way or the other well we're gonna
keep an eye on that what do you make of
Republican leadership their attitude
that if it's not a bill the president
will sign they're gonna not bother
sending it to him I thought there were
three branches of government that had
equal power yeah I questioned that line
of thinking because we pass a lot of
bills out of the house that either the
White House is silent on or that we
don't really think can pass the Senate
but we move them out of here anyway I
understand the speaker if we're gonna go
through an immigration exercise which is
controversial and complicated he wants
it to be worthwhile he wants to make law
and I do too I'm not interested in just
having a vote here so we can go back
home and say well we have this vote and
I voted this way the goal is to actually
find a solution for these young people
who by the end of the year could find
themselves having no protections in our
country so yeah I understand what
they're saying I'm not enamored with
that excuse but ultimately I think we
all want to make law here Republicans
and Democrats and if we can get a law
passed that the White House is willing
to sign that's certainly better than
just having a messaging vehicle that
people are going to use for campaign ads
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
