before he went Mike Pompeo was there and
Mike Pompeo did talk about the
importance of verification or as he says
the big V take a listen the V matters
we're going to ensure that we set up a
system sufficiently robust that we were
able to verify these outcomes and it's
only once the V happens that we'll
proceed apace right that's that's what's
been missed before that's something
that's missed before but I don't see it
in the one sheet agreement no it's not
in the one sheet of agreement and you
don't see it's it's four points it could
have been put in one sheet if they
wanted to if their signature is one so
big but here's the thing we've seen all
of this before not only in the promises
North Korea has made to the United
States but I would argue more
importantly the promises that North
Korea has made to South Korea I am I was
a journalist in Hong Kong in the year
2000 when the first time the two heads
of the two countries met and I remember
it was a huge huge deal the the South
Korean president wound up getting the
Nobel Peace Prize for it we've seen this
movie before we've seen Kim his father
his grandfather make these exact same
promises more detailed promises as
Victor points out and nothing's come out
of it why would I grade this on a scale
of one to five nothing buggers this is a
three and a half nothing bugger it's
still a nothing burger all right okay
well Victor then one thing that is
coming out of it is the United States
ending these joint military exercises
with South Korea President Trump calls
them war games yeah and I think that was
a surprise to the South Koreans the next
set of exercises would have been in
August the annual exercises there twice
hold on you think the South Koreans had
no idea President Trump was going to
agree to this they had no idea there are
partners in this there are allies yeah
yeah and we plan these things every year
we do them together therefore the
purpose of military right they're not
games they're for the purpose of
military readiness conventional
deterrence and so this is you know when
you think about it's a negotiator this
is what you don't want to do you don't
want to sacrifice alliance equities
concrete alliance equities for a vague
promise of something in the future that
won't buy Trump would say alliance
equities South Korea needs us we don't
need them well see this is the problem
with a very
sectional view of Alliance I mean
alliances are not just about money
right I mean he talks about alliances
and okay money and they're just not
about money
South Korea has fought with the United
States and every war since the Korean
War
you can't put a dollar value on that all
right well to that exact point he talked
about ending these military exercises as
a financial decision take a look the war
games are very expensive we pay for a
big majority of them we fly in bombers
from Guam I said it when I first heard
it I said whether the bombers come from
Guam nearby I said oh great nearby
where's nearby six and a half hours six
and a half hours it's a long time for
these big massive planes to be flying to
South Korea to practice and then drop
bombs all over the place and then go
back to Guam I know a lot about
airplanes it's very expensive and I
didn't like it unfortunately diplomacy
is like insurance you don't like how
much it costs but you need it to save
yourself in terms of disaster absolutely
right and and a couple of things first
of all it's not only about airplanes
these exercises are very complex they
involve soldiers on the ground they
involve naval exercises they involve
airplanes yes the airplanes are only one
piece of I would argue the other things
are probably more trunk would make the
argument Oh planes Navy army guys guys
the Navy
nobody needs to do it that's what his
argument would be even say you're making
the case for him yeah but here's the
thing that is all of that has an impact
all of those things have helped bring
Kim Jong on to the negotiating table
eventually all of those over the years
have confined Kim's bad behavior to a
limited sphere of influence those things
work you can argue that exercises are
useless if they don't work we've seen
over and over again demonstrably that
they actually do work and if it was such
a simple thing
why go behind the backs of our allies
and do it why not bring the allies in
for that for that discussion and say
together that we agree that this doesn't
work so we're going to stop doing it
here's my prediction two years from now
the exercises are back here that we that
we discover that Kim's not keeping his
end of the bargain two years from now
the exercises are back in two years is
an
for Burma drive because I think it will
happen sooner and Stephanie look full
legal which is this massive military
exercise is not just about North Korea
our military posture in the western
Pacific reassures our allies and friends
throughout Asia including Southeast Asia
and candidly we have underwritten
security and the most valuable shipping
lanes in the world since the end of
World War two this powers the American
economy the safety of those valuable
shipping lanes so our allies and friends
not just in Northeast Asia but
throughout the world are looking at this
and might conclude we are less reliable
than we have been at any time really
since the end of World War two there's
real this is high stakes Stephanie and I
worry that the President may have put a
chip on the table and bargained it away
without fully appreciating some of the
unintended consequences if you will how
do you think this plays to the military
military audience I mean I know
President Trump
securing a commitment to recover the
remains of prisoners of war that's a
very big deal to the military community
especially in terms of closure and
respect but when you look at all that
transpired in the last 24 hours
what do you think military experts say
so first on the remains I actually did
the last remains recovery operation in
2007 and so it is it's a very important
action it's very important for the
families as you said for closure it is
money to the North Korean regime it's
money that the Pentagon pays directly to
the court because I don't think people
realize that they're not just sending us
something we have to pay them for it
yeah how much it's expensive it's like a
million dollars per set over each set of
remains so it's not it's not cheap yeah
and and it was just so high why should
we have to pay them well that's the
North Koreans that's what it's like when
you deal with the North Koreans I mean
the Singaporeans are paying 50 million
dollars for Kim jong-un to come and have
his here's a all-expense-paid trip to
Singapore so that's the thing about the
North Koreans you have to pay for
everything when they come to see you and
then you don't get anything from them
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
