as Jason sama now he's the chief
meteorologist for the Washington Post's
capital weather gang easily one of my
favorite follows on Twitter Jason thanks
for coming back it's a pleasure thank
you so I think the stunning thing is my
EP and I were talking about we're still
trying to grapple with the idea that
Michael was a category three when it hit
Georgia meaning it had to travel quite a
bit on land before it hitting Georgia
and it hit as a category three walk us
through how this went from essentially a
tiny little low-pressure system near the
Yucatan to what we are experiencing sure
so this time of year it's not uncommon
at all to see these start disturbances
developing in the Caribbean and they get
drawn north towards the Gulf of Mexico
where the water is very warm and the
question with this storm was never would
it become a hurricane but how strong
would it get would it be able to tap
into all of that warm water in the Gulf
of Mexico there were some impediments
there was some wind shear which tends to
disrupt thunderstorm development you
always have to be concerned about dry
air which can disrupt hurricanes when
they enter the Gulf of Mexico but but in
this case what happened was the wind
shear relaxed there wasn't dry air over
the continental US to disrupt the storm
development and it was able to tap into
all of that warm water over the Gulf of
Mexico which by the way was 2 to 4
degrees warmer than normal and it just
exploded right up until landfall a lot
of times with Katrina for example it was
a category 5 over the central part of
the Gulf but then a weakened 2/3 as it
made landfall hasn't rained some of that
dry air but remember how warm and humid
it's been over the eastern US in recent
weeks so there wasn't a lot of dry air
for this storm to a weekend but there's
another part of Gulf storms that I've
been and I've got family on the Gulf
side I grew up as a Floridian so we know
that that because it's so shallow at the
at the end of it they almost always lose
a little bit they lose a little bit of
water they lose this one didn't do that
right it is on it is on you
it was moving at a fast enough forward
speed that it wasn't able to draw up
some of the cooler water down at depth
so it was able to just continually draw
that shallow or warm water if it have
been moving more slowly it may have
weakened some but that didn't happen in
this case all right you just said that
the Gulf is two to four degrees warmer
than it normally is
is this normal is this now normal is is
obviously we know we have an oceans
warming trend this is all part of the
climate change discussion and issue but
is this an anomaly that can be explained
by an El Nino or La Nina or one of those
situations or is this part of the the
climate change issue sure well the Gulf
of Mexico temperatures do vary from year
to year some years they're of warmer
than others but we do see a climate
change trend superimposed on that in
other words the Gulf of Mexico ocean
temperatures have been warming over time
and so I think it's a combination of the
fact that yes we do have a warming trend
as a result of greenhouse gas induced
climate change and due to the fact that
just due to natural oscillations the
water was warm at this time I want to
play something that Craig Fugate the
former head of FEMA said about a year
ago when it came to this issue of storms
sort of stronger storms that the United
States Coast was experiencing take a
listen I'm tired of people debating
climate change
it ain't about climate change anymore
it's about climate abdication we have to
build for our future risk our past is
not the best indicator of what these
risks have been okay do you buy what do
you buy what he said there and if so
what does that mean going forward is the
expectation that while we may have the
know more or less hurricanes that each
one of them is just stronger than what
we're used to
I think food gets absolutely right what
are the main reasons we see such a huge
economic toll from these hurricanes when
they make landfall is because we're
building so much along the coast the
population is increasing along the coast
so there are more people there's more
property in harm's way so II respect
of what you think about climate change
we have to become more hurricane proof
we have to build smarter we have to
think about where we're building so I
think food gates absolutely right about
that and if in fact climate change does
intensify these storms which is what the
scientific community believes the risks
are only going to increase and on top of
that we've got the sea level which is
rising due to climate change so that
means more coastal inundation when these
storms come ashore so the storms getting
stronger the sea level is rising the
fact that we have more people on harm's
way for all of these reasons we
definitely need to be thinking about
adapting and being hardened from these
storms let me ask you something a little
closer to home there was a headline
today in your fine newspaper it's day
136 of 80 degrees or higher in DC
matching the most on record in a year
what do you make of it what how do you
explain it yeah why edited that story in
fact yeah it's fascinating here in the
DC area we're seeing our heat extremes
increase at a remarkable pace not only
have we seen the most 80 degree highs
this year we've also seen the most
nights in which the lows don't drop
below 70 in the since 2010 we've had our
warmest years on record we've had our
three hottest summers on record we're
seeing an increasing number of 90 degree
days 95 degree days we're seeing this
not just in the summer but in the winter
all throughout the year so we're seeing
this in our backyard now it's not just
climate change it's also urbanization
here in the DC area you have more more
asphalt more concrete that holds it more
heat but there's almost certainly a
climate change signal due to rising
greenhouse gases on top of that which is
causing our area to warm and the kodan
causing the whole globe to warm
Jason salmon now as I said the capital
weather gang a you do make following the
weather both educational and you have a
little sugar with it too you make the
medicine go down a lot easier with with
with your fun takes every once in a
while as a Twitter follower much really
appreciate it alright Jack you bet
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that but
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more meet the press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
