the United States has great strength and
patience but if it is forced to defend
itself or its allies we will have no
choice but to totally destroy North
Korea Rocketman is on a suicide mission
for himself and for his regime he has
been very threatening beyond a normal
statement and as I said they will be met
with fire
fury and frankly power the likes of
which this world has never seen before I
think without the rhetoric it wouldn't
have happened I think without other
things going along I think the
establishment of a new team was very
important they have a great team but I
do I think he wants to get it done I
really feel that very strongly from fire
and fury to friends right now president
Trump is in the air making a 25-hour
10,000 mile journey back to Washington
DC it has been a whirlwind a few hours
of nuclear negotiations but the final
results of the Singapore summit will
take much longer to determine welcome
back to Morning Joe it's Tuesday June
12th still with us we have the president
of the Council on Foreign Relations
Richard Haas columnist and associate
editor for The Washington Post David
Ignatius and joining the conversation
Dean of the School of International
Studies at the University of Denver
Denver former US ambassador to South
Korea and former Assistant Secretary of
State for East Asia Christopher Hill
former Undersecretary of State for
political affairs and former special
adviser to President Clinton and policy
coordinator on North Korea ambassador
Wendy Sherman is with us and former US
ambassador to NATO former State
Department spokesman Nicholas burns he's
professor of diplomacy and international
relations at the Harvard Kennedy School
of Government great group we have this
hour to take a look at just what
happened over the past 24 hours Joe
Wright and David Ignatius I know you
have a question for ambassador burns but
before you asked that question I want to
I want to ask you just at the top of the
hour what your feeling is about this
statement which is again it's sort of a
it's a non-binding feel-good statement
that allows these two leaders to come
together and have a press conference but
do you see anything in there beyond that
that causes you concerns or suggests
actually that there's any possibility
that this will be a success Joe this is
a beginning as we've been saying for the
first hour of our conversation it's
gonna take many months and many meetings
to see if this process is real in the
sense of achieving the complete
denuclearization that was announced as
the achievement of this opening round or
the commitment of this of this opening
round this is an enormous triumph for
Kim Jong on the North Korean leader he
has built a nuclear force that has been
his leverage in these talks he's stared
down President Trump the remarks about
fire and fury Kim jong-un kept going and
he got to this to this point and he has
in President Trump someone who seems to
have a real investment in Kim Jong Un's
success working with him you've so many
flattering terms of items so I think
what I'd like to ask our distinguished
panelists all of whom have been involved
in deep diplomacy is to help us think
about the pitfalls in this process that
began today and will continue going
forward and maybe I could ask Chris Hill
who was deeply involved in negotiations
with North Korea to start us off
thinking about the the what he sees as
the biggest stumbling blocks ahead as we
try to flesh out this very loose initial
framework agreement this is a very loose
initial framework frankly it does not
really advance the ball it doesn't go as
far as previous statements and frankly
speaking I think the next step should be
Mike Pompeo sort forgetting about this
statement chalking up this whole summit
to a sort of feel-good atmospherics and
getting on with some kind of act
plan I think Mike Pompeo is going to be
under the gun to kind of lay out what it
is we need to do for example this
statement says nothing at all about the
regional powers in South Korea or China
is China Japan are they gonna be
partners in this process are we going to
carry on with a bilateral process what's
their role going to be so a lot of
questions like this and if I were Mike
Pompeo I'd get moving on a sort of
action plan how to bring this into some
negotiation because when you start
looking at the statement
putting aside the syntactical problems
and the whole thing you'll see that it
has some major problems and frankly is
an invitation for the North Koreans to
do nothing or nothing I should say in
our lifetime let me let me take the
question to our other panels starting
with with Nick burns and then Wendy
Sherman Nick as ambassador Hill said
this is in part about our dealing with
our allies certainly when we think about
our European allies it's hard to
remember a moment of more friction how
do you see the president Mike Pompeo
moving forward to get allied support for
the very difficult negotiations that are
ahead
well David first let me say I think
there was powerful symbolism today in
Singapore I think the president he
should get some credit here for having
arrived at this day turned away from war
where we were seven or eight months ago
and and in turn towards diplomacy but I
must say I think the big question I've
got David is does Donald Trump have the
strategic patience to carry out a
multi-year negotiation he's not a
famously patient person it took ten
years from the time that President Bush
started thinking about negotiating and
then sanctioning Iran to what Wendy
Sherman and John Kerry were able to
fulfill ten years later it took three
years for the us-india negotiations that
was over the friendly country two acts
of Congress to achieve a civil nuclear
deal this will take years and this
statement is very general it has goals
in it but it doesn't really have a road
map and the key tactical questions are
can Mike Pompeo be unleashed to be a
tough-minded negotiator
can we keep South Korea and Japan with
is China gonna help or hurt and so I
think you've got to use the Allies they
have to be part of this particularly
South Korea given its existential the
existential stakes about its future
ambassador Sherman it's someone who's
been down this road before and it was
dealt with North Korea on this very
question just two parts of this first of
all the the visual the the president
United States shaking hands with Kim
jong-un his Viktor shot said being the
first American to pierce the bubble and
to get that close your reaction to that
and then more specifically to the
contents of what we saw in the joint
declaration well I certainly would agree
with Nick that this is a good thing that
these two leaders met that it does break
ice that it does create a personal
relationship I must say I was a little
taken aback by the North Korean flags in
the American flag side-by-side we really
aren't side by side we aren't equals to
each other and this conferred power to
Kim jong-un that I don't believe he has
yet earned in terms of the respect from
the United States that's something that
comes through building that relationship
as far as the agreement is concerned I
went back and looked at the previous
agreements in the 1992 north-south
agreement on joint declaration on
denuclearization was very specific no
nukes no facilities inspections the
agreed framework that was done during
the clinton ministration by Bob Gallucci
was very specific closed down the
reactor until we get new light water
reactors non-proliferation proof in fact
what Chris Hill did was extraordinary
the verifiable denuclearization of the
Korean Peninsula verifiable in the
September 2005 deal and it actually
broke down over verification so we have
not only been here before but we have
been here before with much greater
specificity so Mike Pompeo needs to go
back and understand a little bit more
about history and he needs to go forward
with a team that knows what their so
Mike Pompeo did say they would take
whatever they put together to the Senate
any any regrets not doing that with the
Iran deal in some ways no regrets the
Congress did get
to decide on the Iran deal there hasn't
been a treaty agreed to accept a
follow-on start new start to the START
treaty four years now in the Senate when
Bob Dole is the former leader of the
Senate sat in his wheelchair on the
floor of the United States Senate to try
to get the disabilities treaty through
who could be against a disabilities
treaty it didn't happen so treaties are
difficult and the other thing about
these very complicated reciprocal
agreements the Iran deal is 110 pages
right is a treaty doesn't make it easy
to look at reciprocal steps and pull
back if necessary it's a different kind
of an instrument so the Congress did get
to decide on the Iran deal it was an
interesting process and so I'm all for
them having to take this as a treaty to
the Senate but they'll fail if they do
so Jo jump in
well I Richard Haass treaties are in
fact very difficult to pass through the
United States Senate but if a president
wants something to survive his own
presidency isn't that exactly what's
going to be required moving forward
because if Donald Trump makes it a
decision on his own with North Korea the
next presidents a Democrat there are of
course chances that that could be
overturned again it's yes it's difficult
it's supposed to be difficult but isn't
that what is required so our allies our
friends and our enemies will know that
there will be consistency in our foreign
policy regardless of who is sitting in
the Oval Office in principle I agree it
doesn't have to be in the form of the
other treaty there's there's lower
thresholds just majority votes with
executive agreements which are probably
politically more realistic I like the
idea of hearings on these issues so the
administration has to defend what it's
done what we had here in Singapore is
not enough to subject-to' that process
it'd be the shortest hearing in history
you'd need a fleshed out agreement and
that's the sort of thing I agree with
you Joe it ought to be presented if
when we ever get to that point but that
will require that Mike Pompeo and his
colleagues do an enormous amount of
negotiations about what what the
raclette the obligations are about
timelines about verification and I think
there's real issues again about what we
are prepared to put up there and you
know some people have criticized this
for the lack of Kisan on human rights
that's a legitimate question but I think
even more legitimate or the other
military threats that North Korea poses
outside the nuclear what about chemical
what about biological what about
artillery what about special forces and
I think all of this needs to be thought
through we can't have a narrow concern
just about nuclear weapons and
long-range missiles because that's all
about us and the South Koreans and the
Japanese have legitimate interests in
other threats posed by North Korea but I
don't I agree with your basic point this
is exactly the role that Congress should
be playing they should be putting all
this ultimately under a microscope right
now what they could do by the way is
hold hearings and talk about what should
go into an agreement rather than wait
for one why doesn't Congress begin to
shape the process they don't have to
just sit there for the next year or two
they should be waked passed a resolution
they could have hearings they could be
basically giving ideas to the
administration about what they want to
see there in order for them to be
prepared to approve it ambassador Hill
there seems to be a growing consensus in
Washington that Mike Pompeo is is very
capable secretary of state I'm curious
if if you've heard the same thing if if
you have confidence that secretary
Pompeo will be a good good
representative for the United States to
have leading these talks leading these
negotiations well first of all he's
engaged the Foreign Service in a way
that his predecessor did not so I think
that's very good news
I must say looking at the statement I'm
a little worried about it and I'd sort
of like to know how that all happened
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more for morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
