that news conference lasted just about
an hour he started off with some opening
comments and then took some questions
and in doing so really addressed a lot
of the concerns that a lot of the
reporters had a lot of the critics he
talked about this being a very
comprehensive document I said that there
was the first step to a bold and bright
future talked about what this new
chapter in history means between the two
countries at one point even I said he
presented chairman Kim jong-un with a
video of what the economic playing in
the background yeah what the economic
prosperity of North Korea could look
like if in fact there is a comprehensive
agreement that is reached that leads to
that prosperity I think interesting and
in throughout that news conference there
were some reporters there who press the
President on did the United States
States excuse me give up too much in
this summit he pushed back on that
saying all I did was meet the North
Koreans on the other hand had to give up
a lot but interestingly I think the
headlines coming out of that particular
news conference two important points one
the United States announced that it is
going to stop its war games with South
Korea that is certainly something that
is going to and said he wanted from the
yeah they made clear and it's the reason
why they initially had so that they were
going to stop down on meeting on going
ahead with the meeting yeah absolutely
in the second point of that saying that
there will be no new US sanctions on
North Korea the sanctions will remain in
place until the United States feels that
there's some progress being made on the
front of denuclearization the president
did not elaborate though on what
complete denuclearization on the Korean
Peninsula
looks like he said that there was
nothing guaranteed about the
irreversibility if you want to say that
word or verification or very you know
being able to verify whether or not
North Korea does that yeah yeah he I
think verb ate he said that the
sanctions will come off as so long as
nukes are no longer a factor I also
think the big the big word of the day is
verify right like V word that we were
looking for verify and how are you gonna
be able to verify this denuclearization
process and he really didn't give an
answer to that yep at all let's cross
over real quickly and bring in Kelly
O'Donnell who is in Singapore Kelly let
me begin first of all with your thoughts
on this news conference the big takeaway
from
what you've been seeing over the past
couple of days juxtapose with what we
just heard from the president okay a man
apart from the substance what is very
striking is the length of this news
conference and the range of reporters
the president called on the reason I
bring that up is typically when the
President does questions and answers
it's a small group known as the pool he
has not done a full-fledged open-ended
news conference since the first month of
his presidency that is notable I think
that's an indication the president felt
confident and upbeat about what he
thinks he accomplished here I also think
he felt that the subject matter was so
important that it would be confined to
the subject matter here and wouldn't go
off into other areas of the
controversies domestically and so forth
so to get a sense of how different that
is from what we have observed for the
last year and a half of the presidency a
very very significant shift in his
willingness to take questions not only
from a range of the typical reporters
who cover at the White House but
international journalists as well often
when he's with a world leader it's only
two questions from each delegation so
get a sense there of the breadth of what
he was willing to talk about he also
just revealed a lot about his own
thought process through today which is
something that over time we will have to
evaluate his assessment of Kim jong-un
and North Korea's true readiness or
preparedness to do the things President
Trump is saying he is willing to do to
present this video which was played in
the room and was presented to Kim
jong-un sort of a fantasized mocked up
potential of what North Korea could look
like if there's denuclearization and
then you get the economic support from
the other nations which President Trump
has talked about trying to get their
investment if in fact you get that
guarantee there are some big questions
the verification part of this is a big
question he seemed to indicate he
addressed human rights but he also
didn't necessarily address that in the
fullness that some people would want to
call the people in the gulags winner
it has some total problem there there's
a lot to digest in this hour yeah and I
think certainly that is something that's
going to have a lot of people scratching
their head when he talked about those
that are in prison camps I certainly
don't think people think that they're
aware is that all thank you so much for
joining us very much appreciate wanna
bring in Calvary there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
