I'll also want to bring into the
conversation speaking of expertise
ambassador Wendy Sherman Wendy Sherman
was a Undersecretary of State for
political affairs in the year 2000 when
Madeline Albright became the first US
Secretary of State to visit North Korea
Wendy Sherman was there on that trip she
is also a former policy coordinator on
North Korea in the Clinton
administration ambassador thank you very
much for being with us tonight it's a
privilege privilege to have you here
good to be with you Rachel so you've
been through the proverbial wars when it
comes to negotiating with North Korea
lots of different instances and you've
seen lots of different ways that North
Korea has cheated and reneged and talked
their way out of things that they've
previously talked their way into do you
think that the approach that you've seen
tonight from the president and this
administration reflects those lessons
learned
well Rachel I was actually someone who
supported this meeting because in North
Korean culture at least and I think sue
would agree with this and Victor that
only leaders make decisions because in
North Korea quite frankly he is the only
one who makes decisions yes he has to
worry about the military as governor
Richardson just said but nonetheless
there isn't a free press there isn't a
We the People there's no one really to
constrain him except from his
perspective the United States of America
so I agree it's all about regime
security and in a very strange way the
interests of Donald Trump and the
interests of Kim jong-un may be aligned
Kim jong-un wants to stay in power he's
a young man in November he really
completed his arsenal he got his nuclear
weapons and the means to deliver them in
December he took a trip up Mount paektu
which is very much in the North Korean
culture a sacred place he got to the top
of the mountain he did get there in his
dress shoes so one wonders a bit in
December but that said it was very
symbolic to the North Korean people that
he was about to begin a great new
venture on their behalf and he's been
preparing his people that there's going
to be an opening to America so he wants
to stay in power and as you all have
discussed on the panel tonight Donald
Trump wants to stay in power he wants to
get through the 2018
midterms in a better way than
anticipated and he wants to be reelected
in 2020 whether this alignment of
interests of these two leaders who like
surprises like to act on instincts at
least president Trump does I think Kim
jong-un came with a very prepared script
the president not so much but
nonetheless there may be an alignment of
interest here that at least gets us a
little bit further than we have gone in
the past but I agree with all of the
panelists tonight getting to complete
denuclearization that can be verified
permanent and irreversible is a very
very tough road and it'll take a very
long negotiation last point Rachel the
Iran negotiations which I was proud to
be part of took years the Europeans
began before the Americans ever got
involved it was really got very serious
when where Hannie became president from
2013 to 2015 it took two years to write
those 110 pages after many years of
failed attempts so interests have to
align you have to have the right moment
and you have to write have the right
team ready to do it I haven't seen that
team yet I hope it exists in the wings
ambassador I'm struck by what you said
about how Kim jong-un has assembled his
arsenal within the past year we've seen
more than 20 missile tests the way he's
celebrated fourth of July American
Independence Day last year was with an
intercontinental ballistic missile which
would conceivably reach the continental
United States the the 6th and most
recent nuclear test in North Korea
appears to have been a hydrogen bomb
which is a different order of magnitude
literally than the other types of
nuclear weapons that he had previously
detonated after he invited President
Trump to this summit in in March in
April Kim jong-un said he no longer
needed to do any missile testing or
nuclear testing basically implying that
it was done they put together what they
needed and so they could give up testing
for now because they didn't need to do
it anymore is that a true statement is
that something that we should see as
spin or was he accurately representing
his country's weapons achievement at
that point I think he was letting us
know that he felt he had reached this
achievement for him to really perfect
all of his weapons and the means to
deliver them he would probably need to
do more testing and we're not sure that
they've been able to marry a small
warhead on top of those missiles and
make sure they have the guidance system
for re-entry and all the other pieces
that you need to have a usable weapon
but that said he was really increasing
the narrative he has with his people
that he has now gotten them in a
powerful and strong place where the u.s.
cannot assail them the u.s. cannot do
them in and so now he is ready to open
his country a bit - yes get economic
advantage he's already started some free
market enterprises in North Korea quite
frankly it was the only way that they
could move forward and he came to
understand that he's now gone to China
which is for a long time tried to get
North Korea to engage in the kind of
economic reforms that were done in China
so he is really saying to us to the
world and we've seen how he's had this
diplomatic entree all over the world now
and I think Putin will be next on the
agenda to say we are at a different
point in our history I'm going to make a
difference but that doesn't mean he's
ready to give up his nuclear weapons Kim
dae-jung when he had the sunshine policy
during the time of President Clinton and
secretary Albright s' trip to North
Korea he believed the sunshine policy
would mean they'd crack the door a
little bit and then they could go all
the way through open the door and change
things it didn't work out in the end
there was a change in administration in
our country and a change in
administration in their country and
continuity in foreign policy isn't just
a problem in the United States it's a
problem in North Korea and certainly a
problem in South Korea as well
ambassador Wendy Sherman former
Undersecretary of State for political
affairs longtime diplomat and ambassador
involved in these matters thank you for
being with us tonight thank you hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
