the Trump is just moments away from an
historic face-to-face meeting with the
young dictator of North Korea it's now
just about 7:00 a.m. in Singapore where
Trump began his day by tweeting about
the upcoming negotiations quote meetings
between steps and representives are
going well and quickly but in the end
that doesn't matter we will all know
soon whether or not a real deal unlike
those of the past can happen then he
went after the so called haters and
losers saying these pundits who have
called me wrong from the beginning have
nothing else they can say we will be
fine
already the scenes out of Singapore have
taken on a circus-like atmosphere in
anticipation of the high stakes summit
Kim jong-un was seen touring the city
with his entourage after his arrival
even taking a selfie with the foreign
minister of Singapore there they are
both he and Trump also met separately
with Singapore's prime minister where
Trump predicted that everything would
work out nicely however the outcome
remains of course far from certain
having inherited the regime of his
father and grandfather before him Kim
Jong Un's ambition is clear to hold on
to power and continue his dynasty for
the United States the goal was more
fundamental to reduce the threat of
nuclear war and that means the complete
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
a Secretary of State Mike Pompeo made
clear earlier today the ultimate
objective we seek from diplomacy with
North Korea has not changed the complete
verifiable and irreversible
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
is the only outcome that the United
States will accept to that end this
summit poses the most significant test
of president Trump's negotiating skills
today and it comes after he spent the
weekend
alienating America's top allies at the
g7 in an unorthodox move this summit
will begin with an initial one-on-one
meeting between the president Kim
jong-un each was just a translator
present but without their respective
delegations when asked how long it will
take him to determine whether Kim
jong-un is serious about disarming Trump
said he believed he could size him up
quickly how long it's a guy I think
within the first minute I'll know I just
might touch my feel that's what that's
what I do how long will it take to
figure out whether or not they're
serious I said maybe in the first minute
you know the way they say that you know
if you're gonna like somebody in the
first five seconds you ever hear that
one well I think that very quickly I'll
know whether or not something good is
going to happen well tonight we're on
the verge of witnessing the most
consequential summit to take place
between the United States and North
Korea since the 1953 armistice agreement
ended the US still ATI's of the Korean
War those are the pictures
despite that ceasefire no peace treaty
has ever signed which means that the
state of war has technically existed on
the Korean Peninsula for almost 70 years
join me now from Singapore's NBC News
correspondent Peter Alexander Peter
thank you and he feels smell with the
crowd that sort of thing you can tell
over there that we can't see well Chris
it's the beginning of what will be a
historic day certainly here in history
here in Singapore no matter what happens
this handshake will make history the
first time an American president will
meet face to face with a North Korean
dictator it is now dawn the president's
been up for at least an hour and a half
as you noted already tweeting in his
sort of typical trumpian form a former
TV star promoter of sorts trying to
brand this and build the hype suggesting
that we will all know very soon whether
a deal can be done and notably in that
tweet also seeming to dismiss what we
had heard from his top advisers within
the last several hours Mike Pompeo you
remember saying that they are moving
ahead very quickly much more quickly
much more quickly than they expected
with these ongoing talks that have been
taking place between the two delegations
from both
sighs the president's saying basically
those conversations between our staffs
and representatives don't really matter
it's going to be the personal dynamic
that he has with Kim jong-un that will
sort of dictate this day I got to tell
you what was a remarkable scene that we
witnessed overnight here Kim jong-un
even after President Trump was in bed
for the evening was out on the town this
murderous tyrant a man who's killed
members of his own family and starved
people within his rogue regime within
his his reclusive country literally
exploring Singapore last night we saw
his motorcade Criss crossing the town
the guest of the Singaporean Foreign
Minister he was met with applause as he
arrived at the Sands Casino here he
visited the marina and one of the
theaters some of the staples of this
area recognized Kim jong-un has
literally only left his country less
than a handful of times since taking
over several years ago this is now
something that is already being seen by
the people back in North Korea Chris as
that it is being reported in North Korea
this historic summit so it gives them
the respectability at least so far these
long craves back to you sounds like a
traveling Potemkin village anyway Peter
stay with us also as US but you're chose
former drunk of Asian affairs at the
National Security Council and the Korean
affairs analyst for NBC News and you gee
Robin says the comments with Washington
Post of course at an MSNBC contributor
and young PAC is a former CIA analyst
now with the Brookings Institution
Victor thank you for this this show show
boating through town showing him like
he's a Bouvier who's that for
so I think part of it is for his
domestic audience you know there it was
only with Pompeo second trip to North
Korea that they started publishing
photos in North Korea they control the
narrative 100% so I think this was an
effort to show he's in Singapore he's
going to meet the president but it's all
from a position of strength because they
are now in nuclear weapons state this is
Kim Jong Un's big coming-out party an
all-expense-paid trip to Singapore and
all the leaders want to meet with him
okay
Jong fact why do they move in that bunch
like we're looking at now is that just
is that cultural is that political why
are they moving almost it closes it in
close ranks there what's that about
that protection or what it's part
protection but I think it's also theater
he's surrounded by the people who adore
him who's protecting him he has layers
of protection but it's also interesting
to that I mean it's a tangible sign of
the people who are supporting him and
love him and want to make sure that he's
safe so you know this is also theater as
much as it is for protection Jim we've
seen in the past that paint you know our
research years as well I'm sure we find
it little games are played like arriving
in the ambassador's car that had been
taken during the first assault on South
Korea by the North arriving at the time
when John talks driving the car of the
American ambassador then we had did they
cut the legs of the chairs to make the
American side of the delegation look
shorter than then all the games well
this you know what they've been doing
this since there's been diplomacy right
there they play these games but and Kim
Jong Un's night on the town was was
actually quite a media coup right he
dominated the sort of visuals in a way
that I don't crime probably wishes he
had or wishes he had been able to might
be a little jealous of but you know all
the the foolery and the craziness and
the
and these these two strange
personalities who were going to meet
aside this is a really big deal I mean
this is these are two heads of state the
United States meeting North Korea for
the first time and North Korea is now a
nuclear power a hostile nuclear power
this is this is this is a very big deal
for all the the sort of bizarreness that
that's around let me go back to Victor
the estimates as to how many missiles
they have capable of delivering a
missile a nuclear weapon a number of
weapons what nuclear weapons they have
what are you what's your estimate right
now what does North Korea habitus
arsenal so in terms of weapons the
estimate is pretty broad somewhere
between between 20 and 60 weapons in
terms of a deliverable ICBM capability
they have not deployed that yet they
have tested prototypes that on what we
call a lofted trajectory which
means straight up into the air and when
you straighten that distance out experts
say that can reach the continental
United States so there's still a bit
they stopped a bit to go what are your
odds as an expert on the within the next
year that being any different any
smaller any sure but they have any less
capacity to wreak havoc in the world
they will have more capacity every year
from now a year from now they have they
have consistently been able to do better
than all the experts are predicted in
terms of both a finished nuclear weapon
than a hydrogen bomb than a miniaturize
device then a long-range test in every
single case they beat the estimates and
do you expect this summit to stop that
progress so I'm asking a good question
about what we're watching all these
limos and if it's meeting and all this
hype will it accomplish anything in
terms of our goal which is to reduce the
nuclear threat yeah so I'm not so I'm
optimistic that the meeting tomorrow
will go well but I'm pessimistic that
will actually lead to denuclearization
or tangible progress well there'll be
restraint because as long as we're
talking they have committed to not
testing so in that sense that's good but
just because they don't test doesn't
mean they're not developing their
program well the president's new hopeful
outlook towards North Korea is show up a
short turning points in the balanced
approach he took during his first year
in office last summer for example Trump
referred to Kim Jeong RunAs little
rocket man and famously threatened to
fire and fury upon that country the
United States has great strength and
patience but if it is forced to defend
itself or its allies we will have no
choice but to totally destroy North
Korea rocket man is on a suicide mission
for himself and for his regime he has
been very threatening beyond a normal
statement and as I said they will be met
with fire fury and frankly power the
likes of which this world has never seen
for well then after the prospect of a
meeting arose Trump went as far as to
call the North Korean dictator
honourable we're having very very good
discussions kim jeong-hoon was he really
has been very open and I think very
honorable from everything we're seeing
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
