they say a picture is worth a thousand
words and as with everything with the
Trump administration that may be an
understatement of course there is this
photo from the g7 tweeted out by a
spokesman for Angela Merkel showing the
German Chancellor with her hands planted
staring down at her American counterpart
there's also this one showing a white
imprint on president Trump's right hand
following yet another hard handshake
with French president Emmanuel macron
and then there's this one of IMF
managing director and chairman Christine
Lagarde with a withering look as the
president shows up late for a breakfast
focused on gender equality of course
they will all be overshadowed in about
24 hours by the image of a sitting
American president meeting with the
leader of North Korea for the first time
ever the question now is what if
anything will that meeting amount to
beyond just that photo-op with that I
want to welcome in my panel joining me
on set national political reporter for
Axios Jonathan Swan former Deputy
Assistant Secretary of Defense and MSNBC
national security analyst Evelyn Farkas
political reporter for The New York
Times Ken Vogel and joining us all the
way from Singapore a friend of the show
and Pulitzer prize-winning White House
bureau chief for the Washington Post
Phillip Rucker Phil I want to start with
you since you are on scene the sight of
all of the action I've been enjoying all
the instagrams that everyone is sending
of the JW Marriot press file in
Singapore I want to read though from
your piece in in The Washington Post
about this upcoming summit you write and
I thought that this was a really odd
point frame quote one is a septage an
Aryan American president the other a
millennial North Korean dictator but
each has nuclear weapons and mixes
taunts and tributes to keep the other
one off balanced thin-skinned alphas
both men are wedded to a go-it-alone
leadership style have a penchant for
bombast and are determined to project
dominance when they finally meet so what
what is your sense of how things are
unfolding there on the ground in
Singapore so far and what do you think
these these two personalities how is the
president going to end up handling this
yeah
Casey well they've both arrived here in
Singapore last night it's now morning
Monday morning president Trump is
scheduled to be meeting with the prime
minister of Singapore later today and
then of course on Tuesday with kim
jeong-hoon and they've been sizing each
other up for months really for years Kim
jong-un and the North Korean delegation
have been studying Donald Trump that the
history about him the art of the deal
sort of understanding his personality
Trump is doing the same about Kim I
think Trump sees this very much as a
clash of personalities as an opportunity
to size up the North Korean dictator
something no American president has been
able to do face to face and as he said
the other day he'll know within a minute
or two whether there's something here
whether Kim can come to the table and
have a deal now if you start looking at
the substance of what that deal could be
it gets very messy because that's not
worked out it's unclear what sort of
deliverables they could walk away from
this meeting with but Trump is very
eager to at least have the meeting and
try to make friends with the dictator
is there the view that there may be any
risk for the president and simply having
this photo-op sir what is the thinking
what has he been told about whether he
should smile how he should present
himself in in what we know is going to
be an instantly iconic picture well it's
an iconic picture that the North Koreans
very much want for them this is this is
an achievement in and of itself getting
an audience with the president putting
Kim jong-un on equal footing with the
American commander-in-chief and it'll be
used in propaganda back home by the
North Koreans to show Kim as a garnering
respect around the world and so the
danger for Trump is that he's giving him
something simply by shaking his hand and
meeting him we'll have to see what the
body language looks like I think it'll
be really striking for example if Trump
is kinder to Kim jong-eun than he was to
Justin Trudeau in Canada and some of the
other European allies that he was with
at the g7 in Quebec the other day the
body language from the photos that you
showed at the beginning of the show was
so striking and we'll have to see if
Trump is more relaxed and frankly more
enjoying himself when he's face to face
with the North Korean leader so as you
as you referenced a minute ago the
President did say it won't take long for
him to tell if Kim jong-un is serious
about making some sort of deal on a show
our viewer is what he said before
leaving Canada yesterday it's a good
question how long will take I think
within the first minute I'll know I just
might touch my feel that's why that's
what I do and if I think it won't happen
I'm not gonna waste my time I don't want
to waste his time Jonathan Swan your
take your take on that Philip Braque I
mentioned earlier that this is a clash
of personalities and I know you have
some new reporting about that the
president has been in his briefings
fixated on Kim Jong Un's personality
wanting to know everything he can about
him he's been asking Mike Pompeo who's
actually met with Kim right the only one
of his top aides but the Allied
intelligence agencies have compiled a
very detailed study profile of kim
jeong-hoon largely taken from interviews
with some of his former classmates when
he attended an elite swiss school in his
adolescence so interests
and the profile we got this from someone
who studied it carefully the the
classified binder it bears a striking
resemblance to the Kim Java you see
today he described him as the the young
Kim jong-un from these interviews
glossiness would eat himself almost sick
would be prone to fits of anger and
outbursts of violence power there were
young children that he hit during this
he was an inattentive student didn't
attend class very much and demanded
slavish loyalty from his classmates
slavish loyalty everyone first kiss what
does this sort of tell you if you I mean
if you're preparing the president to
meet with this man I mean first of all
it's not surprising cuz this is the guy
who had his brother killed and his uncle
killed so anyone who would be any kind
of threat to him and his power has been
eliminated you know we understand he's a
pretty ruthless guy although he said
that it's not military force his father
had military first he's saying economy
first after we get her name he wants to
McDonald's yes I know and that he has in
common with the president with our
president of course because our
president loves hamburgers and I guess
he likes McDonald's I can't remember if
he does about the bread actually oh my
Corey Lewandowski I think if he's smart
he will he will study our president Kim
jong-un and just buttering up he has one
minute to butter him up you know but
this there's only it's it's impressive
that the you know that they're doing
this level of preparation certainly one
of the concerns was that there was no
preparation and it would be nice if that
preparation was also on the policy side
and not just on the personality side you
know famously George W Bush when he was
meeting with Vladimir Putin said that he
could assess and he was someone who was
despite liberal sort of stereotypes of
him was actually someone who did prepare
on the policy side as well as the
personality side and said that he he
looked Putin in the eye could see and
his soul found him trustworthy and
straightforward came to regret there's
only so far the personality goes the
policy is the key here and that was
because he looked at the disaster that
he had on food and looked at the dossier
and bush and knew he was deeply
religious
pootin purposely referenced he had a
cross and he talked about this cross and
the meaning for him
though in part he almost played play
push the other way
philip rucker i want to go to you on
this because we we have talked so much
about how the president prepares or
doesn't prepare for all kinds of
meetings but none with us stakes stakes
as high as this one and if in fact
american authorities they do have this
binder that jonathan Swann is now
reporting on it still seems as though
this president is absorbing that
information only by having verbal
conversations with people who've read it
is that your sense I think that's right
Casey this is a president Donald Trump
who does not read his daily intelligence
report that's written out for him
instead he participates in more oral
briefings the CIA director will come
into the Oval Office and show him
graphics videos pictures maps charts
anything that can help him visually
understand the intelligence because we
know he doesn't like to sit down and
pour over the written word I assume
that's the case now as he's preparing to
meet with kim jeong-hoon you know trump
has said he doesn't require much
preparation for this meeting that's not
quite right according to Mike Pompeo the
Secretary of State who says that he's
been having very extensive briefings
with President Trump for several weeks
now months really trying to prepare him
for this trying to get him to understand
sort of the history of us-korea
relations the history of North and South
Korea relations sort of have all the
details that are at stake even if he's
not an expert in the technicality of
nuclear arms he at least can understand
the sort of broader geopolitical dynamic
at play with North Korea as he prepares
for the meeting
let's turn now to all of the drama that
preceded this evening the g7 summit just
a few hours after the president called
his relationship with g7 allies attend
he pulled the u.s. out of the g7 joint
communique as a result of what he called
Justin Trudeau's quote false statements
he went on to tweet quote PM Justin
Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild
during our g7 meetings the motivator
likely Trudeau's comments about
retaliatory tariffs here are what two
White House advisors had to say about
this earlier today here's the thing I
mean he really kind of stabbed this in
the back
he really actually you know what he did
a great disservice to the whole g7 he
betrayed her dough did yes he did we
were very close to making a deal with
Canada on NAFTA bilaterally perhaps and
then we leave and Trudeau pulls this
sophomoric political stunt for domestic
consumption
you just don't behave that way okay it's
a betrayal okay he essentially
double-cross it not just double-crossing
President Trump but the other members of
the g7 who were working together and
pulling together this communication
there's a special place in hell for any
foreign leader that engages in bad faith
diplomacy with President Donald J Trump
and then tries to stab him in the back
on the way out the door and that's what
bad faith Justin Trudeau did with that
stunt press conference that's what weak
dishonest Justin Trudeau did and that
comes right from Air Force One after
those comments Senator Jeff Flake
tweeting quote fellow Republicans this
is not who we are
this cannot be our party once again
flake pretty lonely so far in his
condemnation of the president I can
vogel how much self-awareness is there
yeah I mean the tweets from Trump
minutes after leaving this setting
calling out another another world leader
for being like me in person and then
saying something negative after the fact
and then also then the false statements
Trump has actually brag
about bluffing justin trudeau on the
trade deficit using false statements so
it's pretty rich to see him accusing
this this foreign leader of doing the
same thing that we've seen him do
himself yeah Jonathan Swan I mean this
we knew that the president had already
caused all sorts of potentially
irreversible problems with the Canadian
government after making this
announcement on tariffs but the way that
the this.g summits g7 summit concluded I
mean is it possible we've seen some
tweets from John McCain for example that
suggest that you know someday America's
allies will we'll see the Americans who
are actually on their side is that
possible at this point well we've been
talking to European officials who are
having the same problems with the
present particularly you know when you
look at Germany even France after day
got to a better place there that's been
reversed the UK what they're trying to
do is have this long-range view that
this is a president for this moment but
we've beyond that but they still have
the military ties and they lean on that
they look for positives where they can
but the reality is transatlantic
relations have not been this bad for a
very long time no matter what dollar
we're not even talking about
transatlantic relationships any bright
either here on the Canada - but but the
European relationship has been
profoundly damaged in the last few
months over trade as well Shinzo Abe a
was standing there as well so I mean
when it comes to economic issues this is
global and this is serious and I think
what was interesting to me I think we
need more reporting on this but it
appears reading between the lines in the
way that post covered it today that the
Europeans actually staged an
intervention so that photo may have been
that intervention where they said okay
mr. president Trump you know these are
the facts seventy percent of the foreign
direct investment in the United States
of America comes from European countries
and by the way a lot of that goes to
southern states that voted for Trump we
should point out I mean that interview
that particularly on the pinyon Navarro
did truly I think that's one of the most
extraordinary interviews I've ever seen
from a permanent in this White House and
that's saying something to call one of
America's closest allies Justin Trudeau
of Canada to say that there's a special
place in hell for him and to give him
labels like
we can dishonest that is taking rhetoric
to a level that I honestly haven't seen
I've been covering for almost three
years now this I mean and the level of
silence from most Republicans in
Washington feels deafening I guess they
have so many things to to be outraged
about that they that they sort of picked
their moments but their moments are
pretty rare right there yeah Phil Rutger
can I get you to weigh in on this how
this all unfolded I mean it seems like a
classic case of the president you know
making one decision in the room and then
either watching Justin Trudeau's press
conference being briefed on it and
making you know a very abrupt decision
and kind of reversing himself entirely
what are the consequences here are they
are these relationships irreparable well
the consequences are quite severe for
the relationship as the panel's been
discussing but the pattern is familiar
for Trump I mean he's someone who when
he's in the room with you whether it's
you know a fellow foreign leader or even
just a journalist for an interview he
wants you to like him he wants to try to
create a level of warmth there he wants
to he doesn't usually confront people
face-to-face and then the meetings over
and and he goes off on Twitter as he did
aboard Air Force One from Canada and
route to Singapore I mean this is just a
familiar pattern for Donald Trump and he
you know he bullies sometimes but he
likes to bully with the distance he
doesn't like to do it face to face with
the people he's trying to bully you
mentioned at the top of the show to
looking at that picture of Angela Merkel
and the other leaders come surrounding
the president that that sort of dark
almost angry look on his face and how
that could potentially differ from I
mean it certainly already differs from
the picture of him receiving that letter
from the North Koreans you remember in
the Oval Office where he was smiling and
holding that that giant envelope we've
talked about this a lot I know you know
whether he has an affinity for dictators
but what is it that explains why he's so
hostile in a room with you know people
that have been allies of you know
States for decades and seems so warm and
open to these other people who have been
our enemies well he's so open to to Kim
jong-un in part because it's his bid for
history you know Trump it's stuck with
him from the first time he sat down with
President Barack Obama after the
election and before Trump was
inaugurated Obama told him look North
Korea is the biggest challenge you're
gonna face in sort of a national
security sense around the world and this
was a problem that Obama couldn't fix
the nuclear development in North Korea
and so that stuck with Trump and it's
been a motivating factor ever since he
wants to outdo Obama he wants to solve
the problem that his predecessors
couldn't and so because of that he's an
ultimate salesman mode right now he
wants the North Koreans to like him he
wants the North Koreans to come to the
negotiating table with him he wants them
to agree to a deal and so he's willing
to flatter Kim jong-eun he's willing to
you know pose for that picture with the
big envelope in the Oval Office with a
big smile on his face because he feels
like this is his opportunity to do
something truly historic as president
ken but we want to have a quick last
word before we go yeah to your point
Casey about the warmness towards
traditional adversaries and the coolness
towards traditional allies you know
who's loving this tension at the g7 is
Vladimir Putin I mean his whole goal was
to drive wedges between the traditional
Western alliances and he's got that he's
he's meeting with the Chinese and other
officials at the Shanghai Cooperation
Organization annual meeting
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
