you have been you can see how other
people lived seems useful at worst
president obama is among the many fans
around the globe paying tribute to
legendary chef world traveler and TV
host Anthony Bourdain who took his own
life Friday while traveling in France at
age 61 President Obama tweeted out a
picture of himself sharing a meal with
Bourdain in Vietnam during one of the
most popular episodes of Bourdain's
amazing show parts unknown and he summed
up Bourdain's legacy writing he taught
us about food but more importantly about
its ability to bring us together to make
us a little less afraid of the unknown
Gabriel Sherman is back with us and now
also joining Jackie Reed host of W NBC's
New York live and my partner on our
podcast read this read that thank you
for being here I'm gonna go to you first
my play cousin Jackie I want to let let
us also hear what another colleague at
CNN of Anthony Bourdain's Don Lemon had
to say about him tickle his stories
weren't about food
food was a conduit it was a thing that
drew you in and then once you were drawn
in it was about the experience it was
about the connection it was about his
interaction his interactions with people
I feel like that is so well encapsulated
I mean it was about his cultural
connection yeah definitely I mean you
were less likely to see an Anthony
Bourdain at some place like a black
lives matter rally or marching for the
marching for the rights of Palestinians
or Muslims instead what he did was
traveled to parts of the world and break
bread with these people and not really
deal with politics but just deal with
their lives what was it about their
culture that we found interesting that
people would find interesting
so in doing that people who also a big
part of his audience would less likely
attend those types of marches or rally
or agree with those people in those
politics but they were learning about
those people and in a way he just
humanized so many parts of the world
that a lot of people were disconnected
from you mean I says I mean his his
episode on the Bronx was like yeah
revelatory things I've ever seen he was
travelling right here in New York and
when he was in Houston yeah so he did in
Houston he said to his producers I don't
want any white people in this I want to
see Mexicans in joshan's and people who
really make up this community yeah but
let's listen to a little bit of Anthony
Bourdain talking about sort of his
relationship to food and because he was
also a chef so take a listen as I've
gotten older I'm moving more and more
away from fine dining let's put it that
way and towards those foods and those
meals that make me happy
food I could eat with my hands peasant
food home cooking you know very small
casual businesses I'm not saying I'm
suffering from fine-dining exhaustion
there are there's always going to be
aspects of that world that that's you
know it's the world I came out of
but I like to experience food
emotionally whatever possible I feel
like this is an irreplaceable person on
television I mean you know a lot of us
looking really hard he was sort of our
friend in our head yeah our travel4 in
our head I mean how revolutionary in in
your view as somebody who's really you
know studied the TV industry was Anthony
Bourdain in the programs yeah I mean
without question he is a media pioneer
and he really brought in what we think
of as news on television you know
several years ago I wrote a profile of
CNN had Jeff Zucker who was really
trying to figure out in this fractured
media landscape how do you draw in an
audience when there's not breaking news
and one of the shows that was working so
well was Bourdain show because people
even if there wasn't a breaking news
story they would tune in because he was
such an authentic personality and he
opened up the world there's so many
viewers I mean it at his best he was a
journalist he was a foreign
correspondent yes he covered food but he
traveled the world and took people
places so that they could see that there
is a commonality through these cultures
and now you know unfortunately he's also
sort of taught us the realities of
depression that no matter how fabulous
and amazing your life seems you just
don't know it's so true but what what
has happened in light of his death is
that so many people are checking on each
other I can't tell you the emails and
text messages I've gotten from friends
yeah are you okay how are you doing no
how are you really doing it's
unfortunate you know that this is the
reason why we're doing this because the
lesson maybe we walk away from this with
is that we should be doing this more and
more every day
absolutely well thank you I'm more time
to talk about this I I this was it he
had an amazing show he made such an
impact on the world Gabe Sherman Jackie
we thank you for being here to talk
about it hey thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there for more am joy
and the rest of MSNBC and click on any
of the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
