we are less than a month out just 26
days from the crucial midterm elections
as the battle over voter registration
voter registration is becoming one of
the biggest issues in the race for
Georgia's governor this was a WoW yeah
this is another one the AP reports that
more than 53,000 voter registration
applications have been on hold with
Georgia's Secretary of State Brian Kemp
he's also the Republican nominee for
governor running against Democratic
nominee Stacey Abrams this morning
Abrams said she's very concerned about
53,000 Georgians currently have their
registrations and pending status
technically they can cast provisional
ballots but provisional ballots are
often not processed and so we're deeply
worried that 53,000 people 70% of whom
were African American will be
disenfranchised in this election that's
important to note 53,000 people 70
percent of whom are African American
kept vehemently denies this accusation
he's office says quote they conduct
regular list maintenance of the voter
rolls to ensure election integrity
that's their wording as required by
federal and state law joining us now
from the Atlanta Journal it is Greg
Bluestein Greg walk us through exactly
what happened here
because how did the story even come to
be yeah this is because the state passed
a law about a year ago or crying the
verification of voter status is called
the exact match law and that means that
if there's even a missing - a misplaced
comma one deviation from a voter
registration applicant application and a
state record then the Secretary of
State's office can put your voter
registration application on hold pending
what's important to note is those voters
can still vote and voting rights
advocates are making that very clear
they're trying to tell voters who are
worried about this they should still go
to the ballots and vote but they do have
to bring their ID to sort of match up to
make sure that they can verify who they
are voters rights group Greg voter
rights groups are they don't like this
exact match thing - what's the history
there yeah it's a controversial law the
past about a year ago in Georgia
Republicans who supported it said it was
passed in the efforts of voter integrity
to make sure that people who who are
voting were who they said they were and
Democrats including Stacey Abrams
worried that it could be used as a tool
by by Republicans to suppress the vote
and that's what her campaign said after
the story came out said that this was a
malicious tactic by Brian Kemp's office
to suppress the vote he said this is
more of an exaggeration of a claim and
that he is trying to follow the letter
of the law a law that he supported okay
so Kemp's office is also pointing the
finger at Abrams and the new Georgia
project which she founded saying 40% of
the pending applications were submitted
by the new Georgia project in 2014 even
if that's a case what does that all mean
yeah this is a long-running feud between
Brian Kemp and Stacey Abrams from long
before they both ran for for Georgia
governor and camps office is that long
been upset that the new Georgia project
didn't use an online tool that they made
it they made available that instead they
use paperwork and they've they've
accused the new Georgia project of
shoddy paperwork from its organizers and
volunteers and there's been legal claims
going back and forth for years now but
essentially it boils down to Kemp's
office says that this paperwork is
messed up
and that these voter voter these voters
who are on pending need to verify their
status whereas Abrams says that these
are all legitimate voters and they need
the right to access the ballot all right
so this is a tight race where we're 23
days out it's a dead heat right now
53,000 people would be important in this
race so what what do you see happening
we're just putting up the polling by the
way from October 5th to 6th from Public
Policy Polling it literally is a dead
heat they're both are 50 46% yeah every
single poll we've seen shows the race
within the margin of error which shows
you how close this contest is in a
Republican leaning state that might be
changing and is now fast become a
battleground and so the important thing
to note for all voters Republicans who
were Democrats if you think you're on
this list you can check it at the
Secretary of State's website you can
tech check your voter registration
status and you can also vote no matter
what you just have to show your ID and
you can cast a provisional ballot no
matter what all right what just means we
may have some delays in calling a race
like that there are these sorts of
problems Georgia is just a very stark
example oh good to see you thank you for
joining us Greg Bluestein is with the
Atlanta journal-constitution
Oh
it's very rare at this one I'm just sort
of stunned like we are not we are not
speechless people but I'm stunned across
the board even what we're talking about
in Georgia you know we talk every day
about the importance to vote yep and
then this story comes like we are in it
world where we have low voter turnout in
the United States traditionally this
this midterm may be higher we should be
working towards things that get more
people to voting yet across this country
there are efforts to keep people from
voting rights if you think these 53
thousand people's met you know there
might be a comma off or something a dash
in their license that's off what's the
implication do we think they're voting
twice as the wrong people you know we
have to do things to make it easier for
people to vote and then politically to
encourage them to vote this is not new
wanna make more super-easy to file your
taxes on a postcard but you don't want
to make it easy to vote that is about
that
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
