the question how long will it take I
think within the first minute oh no just
my touch my feel that's what that's what
I do
good morning and what would the a.m. joy
the touch the feel the fabric of our
lives apparently that's all double trip
needs to figure out North Korean
dictator Kim jong-un as they head into
unprecedented nuclear talks on Tuesday
not briefing books are studying the
complexities of the politics of the
Korean fluency peninsula nope just his
touches feel this is all fine and it
follows an unforgettable performance by
Trump at the g7 summit in Canada on
Saturday where after showing up late and
then leaving early and insulting the
Canadian Prime Minister we'll get to
that later in the show Trump boarded Air
Force One to get to where he really
wanted to be in Singapore away from
America's closest allies and their
disapproving looks and in close
proximity to one of America's biggest
adversaries and hereditary dictator who
was presided over the killing of his old
family members and the imprisoning of
his people
Trump landed in Singapore early this
morning ahead of talks that at times
didn't even seem feasible given the hot
and cold tensions between Trump and Kim
jong-un who Trump used to deride as a
little rocket man but who he lately has
been praising and the two men advising
Trump ahead of Tuesday's summit
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and
national security adviser John Bolton
Bolton the bush-era war hawk whose
publicly advocated regime change in both
North Korea and Iran just weeks ago
Bolton jeopardized this very meeting
after infuriating North Korea with this
comment about denuclearizing the country
we're looking at the Libya model of
2003-2004 we're also looking at what
North Korea itself has committed to
previously Bolton will reportedly take a
back seat at the summit as the
administration attempts to soften the
tone but even with help like that Trump
still remains pretty optimistic ahead of
Tuesday's meeting I really feel
confident I feel
that kim jongwan wants to do something
great for himself his family he's got an
opportunity the likes of which I think
almost if you look into history very few
people have ever had he can take that
nation with those great people and truly
make it great so it's a one time it's a
one time shot
so what could possibly go wrong join me
now Masha Gessen
author of the futurist history Joseon
Sione president of the Ploughshares fund
and Christina and co-founder of the
Korea Policy Institute thank you all for
being here and Masha I have to come to
you on this first because we a couple of
weeks ago we were talking and it came up
in the in the show meeting and one of
our senior producers kind of brought
this up that the question of what would
happen if in fact you had a realignment
of the world as we know it where we once
had the NATO alliance where that was
sort of built in no matter who the
American president was you have this
close alliance with these Western
nations of NATO but what would happen if
an American president decided no that's
not the Alliance I'm gonna realign with
the Russia's of the world with the
Deuter tazed of the world with the you
know with with what are considered to be
mostly autocracies and how would the
world look different over just the past
24 hours
Donald Trump has insulted Justin Trudeau
of Canada called him weak he has already
feuded over the course of time this is
element 3 for my producers with Enrique
Pena Nieto the President of Mexico with
Malcolm Turnbull the Prime Minister of
Australia with our uncle and Merkel the
Chancellor of Germany with the prime
minister of Montenegro who he literally
shoved out of the way in a photo-op and
with Justin Trudeau of Canada our
closest to a line and Maduro he's
praised he's praised Kim jong-un the
supreme leader and dictator of North
Korea she's Jinping the General
Secretary of the Communist Party of
China and our president for life for ego
and duterte president of Philippines who
bragged he could kill drug dealers
himself if he wants
Lattimore Putin President of Russia
decepticon tade the new Prime Minister
of Italy who's in that same populist
anti-immigrant direction and the
President of Poland which is also moving
at an anti-democratic direction so just
if you could do that thought experiment
with me what does that mean if in fact
we are looking at a realignment or are
we I think we've actually seen it
we've seen it over the last year and a
half you know and I think that I would
talk about it not as a realignment I
will talk about it as the United States
basically pulling out of the business of
international politics but politics is
figuring out how we inhabit the world
together and that's what international
politics is and Donald Trump ever since
he became president has been pulling out
of international treaties in this very
teenager sort of way right you know I am
NOT interested in living together what
the rest of you we always get the raw
deal whether or not this is supported by
facts which it's not actually usually
and so you know we've been in the
situation for a year and a half what
we've seen over the last couple of days
is just the very very public performance
of it yeah but this is something that's
been underway and Christine you know
then Donald Trump takes this his sort of
new way of looking at the world of who
our enemies are and who our friends are
very transactional on who he thinks our
enemies are anybody he thinks is taking
advantage of us that you know that the
Western allies have been basically
mugging us and stealing from us so we
don't really want to deal with them but
these new countries there's so many
opportunities we could make North Korea
rich that's how we can make it work
here's that Donald Trump talked about
preparing for this meeting with Kim
jong-un which is taking place on Tuesday
this was Trump on Thursday I think I'm
very much it's about the attitude it's
about things this isn't a question of
preparation it's a question of whether
or not people wanted to happen very
quickly and so Christie if you have a
guy who doesn't prepare who do doesn't
really have so much in ideology as he
had sort of a feeling of who's on his
team and who's not who's taking
advantage of us and who's not he's
carrying that into a meeting with
somebody who probably is very well
prepared and who's already gotten what
he wanted Kim jong-un wants to be seen
as the equal of the American president
he's already gotten that how does this
meeting wind up shaking out in your view
well I think that Donald Trump has
actually done a great thing for
diplomacy by showing that it's not a
concession by meeting with historic u.s.
adversary I think that is a significant
departure for past presidents that
I've been willing to meet with a North
Korean leader and let's not forget that
last year when we were on the brink of a
global nuclear war we're up to three
hundred thousand people namely on the
Korean Peninsula would be instantly
killed if there were a conventional war
and so he has taken us I mean he took us
there but we're now at a historic moment
where the longest standing u.s. conflict
of seventy years this is the Korean
Peninsula that was divided by the United
States and the former Soviet Union where
millions of families still remain
separated and so while you know I
obviously oppose most of what the Trump
administration is doing I agree with
Russia that the u.s. is definitely going
off course in terms of you know
international diplomacy this is a very
good step in terms of what's good for
the Korean people what's good for the
United States and and the point that
he's made that this could be a good
thing for the North Korean people I
absolutely agree that seventy years of
isolation has not served to advance the
human rights of the North Korean people
what will is engagement what will is
diplomacy what it will is you know
basically ending 70 years of hostile US
policy until sincerity you know - let's
to tease out and to take Christine's
point um let's go back and look at the
way that the Bush administration talked
about North Korea and Iran and Iraq
here's George W Bush declaring an axis
of evil in his State of the Union
address in 2002 North Korea is a regime
arming with missiles and weapons of mass
destruction while starving its citizens
Iran aggressively pursues these weapons
and exports turn while an unelected few
repressed the Iranian people's hope for
freedom the rack continues to flaunt its
hostility toward America and to support
terror states like these and their
terrorist allies constitute an axis of
evil arming to threaten the Peace of the
world
so a year later we were invading Iraq
and eventually you
so had a lot of the same people like
John Bolton threatening to then invade
Iran and making a lot of threatening
noises about war with North Korea as
well you also John Bolton opposing the
sunshine policy which was the previous
attempt to try to make mediate this 70
year old war the US ally receives he
actually criticized South Korea are our
allies at the time Kim dae-jung the
South Korean president was the architect
of the sunshine policy John Bolton
opposed it and really seemed to prefer
war so it so I guess that is one of the
questions here right is if the United
States is breaking the Western alliance
if there we are isolating ourselves if
we are completely changing the nature of
American leadership on the planet but
the people of the Korean Peninsula you
know get peace out of it how do you make
the calculation of how much of this is I
don't know worth worth doing and worth
suffering as a former world power or a
world power
excellent question joy and I completely
agree with Marcia's criticism and her
analysis of what's happening Trump is
wrecking a Western alliance that has
stood for over 70 years and I also agree
with Christine who's pointing out the
opportunity we have so this is the
dilemma we have can we separate our
personal feelings about Donald Trump I
don't know about you but I don't want to
be touch and felt by Donald Trump in in
any way and can we separate our
disagreements with what he just did in
Quebec to what he might be doing in
Singapore and I with Christine's share
the optimism that we might be able at
long last to end this conflict you hear
the way Donald Trump is talking about it
what I hear from him is that his
interest in ending the Korean War is as
strong as his interest in ending North
Korea's nuclear program and you know
what by flipping the script by putting
the possibility of a peace treaty up
front of the process instead of having a
dangle like a carrot at the end he may
have inadvertently stumbled onto a
brilliant move that may be the
precondition that allows North Korea to
take the very risky step for them of
rid of their nuclear weapons so lots of
things could go wrong there are many
ways this could blow up particularly of
John Bolton we asserts himself in here
you were absolutely correct it was Ben
it's Ben Bolton that has blocked the
progress towards at reaching agreements
in the past it's been the far right of
the Republican Party that has blocked
agreements in the past but Trump has
done something amazing he has the right
wing of the Republican Party cheering
him on this might be his major
accomplishment this may be what allows
America to come together and support an
agreement with the last remaining
communist dictator in the world it's
interesting mantra that you know the the
right the same Republican right
excoriated President Obama for even the
idea of doing this exact same thing with
Iran right of trying to negotiate with
Iran and treating it as sort of a
semi-normal country so that that assign
the complete flip in ideology you know
Joseph Stalin methey you know it was on
the United States side in World War two
right what I mean it isn't unprecedented
that sometimes a world leader who is in
every other way objectionable can
accomplish one thing that kind of works
but I guess I have to ask you the same
question because at the same time that
you know a good outcome become of it and
by the way let's not forget that moon
jae-in is the driving force here the
South Korean president let's not cut him
out and pretend that somehow Donald
Trump's stumbling around is what's
causing all of this it's you know there
are other factors and the president of
South Korea is a huge factor in what's
going on in the peninsula that said this
is Donald Trump's this is do Donald
Trump is in terms of going into this
meeting this is Donald Trump's
indication of how he can tell when
leaders are on his side or not this is
him talking about his interactions with
the g7 but a lot of these countries
actually smile at me when I'm talking
and the smile is we couldn't believe we
got away with it that's the smile so
it's gonna change it's gonna change they
have no choice if it's not gonna change
we're not gonna trade with him though
he's these people smiling at him he
basically is calling all of his previous
presidential
presidents predecessor suckers right
he's disparaging every previous American
president and we know from reporting
Politico
both he and John Bolten have decided
they do not want to do high-level
planning he wants to just go in and
touch and feel so you know III don't
know if where you are on this spectrum
of whether even if he's stumbling around
in the dark but he finds the golden
ticket whether we praise that or whether
or not we look at the bigger picture
John McCain is out there assuring allies
by tweet that we really still are but
part of the West I you know I don't see
how we're making a choice between Oh
can his stumble into a brilliant move or
are we always finding it objectionable I
mean no he cannot stumble into a
brilliant move he can stumble into
ineffective gesture but international
negotiations especially with the
completely closed country that that has
nuclear weapons require such complexity
require verification require long term
agreements which Donald Trump is plainly
incapable of and the people that he has
surrounded himself with are incapable of
it and so you know he wants to get the
Nobel Peace Prize he which which is
what's motivating him it is not
information it is not strategic planning
it is not anything that would normally
motivate a president in a situation like
that and you know I can't even believe
we're talking about it as though this
were diplomacy
it is not yeah and that's my question
Christine is it wait where do you find
this confidence in Donald Trump what has
he done to show you that he is capable
of doing the complex negotiation that we
are looking at him attempting to do here
well I mean let's just be honest here as
you pointed this is the masterful
diplomacy of South Korean president moon
jaein this is you know as I noted before
this is a peace train that has already
left the station North and South Korea
have met numerous times Kim and moon
have met twice at Panmunjom
but you know even though Trump himself
has said oh this is a feeling that I'll
have in the first minute I mean the
truth is is that Mike Pompeo the
Secretary of State has gone to North
Korea's met with Kim jong-un twice some
Kim the former ambassador from the from
the Obama administration has met with
madam Chaisson he at the DMZ
the North Korean counterpart many times
we know that moon jae-in has met with
determined Kim many times and so we know
that there have been several meetings
and lots of preparations
even though Trump himself has just said
oh I'm just going to feel this out and
you know I think that that's the reality
is that the Korean people have set this
in motion and the United States must
support it I mean there's 88 percent
support in South Korea for the Panmunjom
declaration that was signed between
North and South Korea declaring an end
to the war CNN poll in May found that
77% of Americans support this so let's
give it a chance let's give peace a
chance but you know Jo and I wonder
sometimes Joseon sione whether or not we
may be in the press maybe just in the US
are falling into this default of always
attempting to assign to the American
president responsibility for everything
that goes on in the world when you see
that Donald Trump clearly is said he
isn't preparing for this meeting he said
he has no interest in doing it as
monstre said he's trying to angle for a
Nobel Prize he wants to outdo Obama
there all these other things that we can
see but we set it aside to try to assign
to him some brilliant backdoor plan to
make this happen when in fact maybe the
Occam's razor explanation is that maybe
president moon jae-in and the North
Korean dictator are kind of making I
don't know I wonder if that is just a
default that Americans have to try to
assign to the American president
responsibility and credit we are
fascinated by Donald Trump we apparently
can't get enough of him I it's bizarre
but I think you hit it joy I actually
think that Donald Trump is the least
important person at this summit this has
been an operation that has been guided
by moon jae-in from the early stages it
was he who started the Olympic diplomacy
the Olympic truths that made all this
possible and by Kim this is pink Kim's
plan for over five years when he laid
out what his dual track was first build
up the nuclear force he wanted the
shield to protect but then to pivot to
the economic development cause he
understands the long game here
he knows he has to have a revived
economy in Korea and it's so all you
need for Donald Trump is to do is to
just nod and to approve the overall
framework that the rest of these people
can then implement yeah all he had to do
modulo was not an approving sign that g7
declaration and do that and he's
perfectly capable of Ricci whatever the
Koreans have been able to do yeah we'll
know in about 24 hours well indeed Masha
Gessen joseline Sione Christina thank
you for the great discussion really
appreciate it thank you thank you an up
next Donald Trump has figured out a way
to take E to tick off even the Canadians
you make the Canadians angry stay with
us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
