I'm not above the law
I never want anybody to be above the law
but the partners are a very positive
thing for a president I think you see
the way I'm using them and yes I do have
an absolute right to pardon myself but
I'll never have to do it because I
didn't do anything wrong
Donald Trump never misses an opportunity
to insist he hasn't done anything wrong
or to assert over and over again his
powers as president Trump's recent
fixation with the virtually unchecked
pardon power that the Constitution gives
the president could be read as a sign
he's worried about the Muller probe but
it also shines a spotlight on one of
trumps many authoritarian tendencies
Trump seems to revel in the ability the
presidency has given him to dispense
fear separating migrant children from
their families at the border or
demanding the Justice Department
prosecute those he perceives as his
enemies but also to distribute favor
individual pardons to political allies
like Joe Arpaio or the clemency issued
this week to a woman facing a draconian
drug sentence following a personal
request and a required photo-op by
celebrity Kim Kardashian you put it all
together the message seems to be be nice
to me
and I'll use my power to do something
nice for you but if you're not nice well
ladies display of the Trump as King
gambit the proposition he made on Friday
to NFL players who he's been
relentlessly attacking for there
kneeling protests against police
brutality you shouldn't go in a locker
room when our national anthem is played
and I'm gonna ask them to recommend to
me people that were unfairly treated
friends of theirs or people that they
know about and I'm going to take a look
at those applications and if I find and
my committee finds that they're unfairly
treated then we will pardon them for at
least let them out back with me Jill
wine banks and join me now Maya Wiley of
the new school and Rob Reiner director
of the new film shock and awe and first
of all congratulations on the film we're
gonna talk about that in a moment but
you know Rob the the founders you know
obviously deliberately wanted to steer
the United States away from having a
king but they did give the president one
monarchical power which is the power of
the
Time magazine you look at that on the
screen there this is the new cover of
Time magazine King me in which they are
making the case that Donald Trump's
styles himself a king yes what do you
what do you well yeah he's you know he's
he's got Oleg arc Envy this guy I mean
he basically wants to be one of those
guys he wants to be Putin he would love
nothing more than to be able to because
every deal he does is transactional
he'll true you know who make a deal with
China so he can get five hundred million
dollars for a theme park in Indonesia
yeah that redounds to him everything he
looks at is through that prism so he'd
love to be in a position where every
deal that comes through the United
States he takes his cut that's what he
wants and he's doing everything to make
that happen he's diminished the press
he's attacking the Justice Department
he's attacking the FBI he's attacking
the intelligence community's doing
everything to position himself as an
autocrat and we're stuck in that
position right now where we are pushing
up against a hardened base that he has
and very hard to penetrate and he is
positioning himself as one of those
strongmen that's what he wants to be
yeah and there is this sense part you
know I was I was telling the team that
it kind of reminds me of sort of Lord
Denethor war in Lord of the Rings where
you know fealty with love that yes but
the Trump wants both he wants absolute
power he won't be able to strike fear
into the hearts of people that he and
his base have distaste for but he also
wants to say but if you're nice I can
give you a favor if you're celebrity you
opposed with me I'll give you this one
person you can have her right he's now
then he came this week and said he was
going to try to party he may pardon
Mohammed not leave doesn't need a pardon
right yes he does there's nothing room
to be but lit this is Donald Trump
saying he would potentially pardon
Muhammad Ali
am thinking about Muhammad Ali
in fact we're doing right now
recommendations on Brett you know
frankly we're doing recommendations on
Mohammed Ali we are looking at literally
thousands of names of people that have
come to our attention that have been
treated unfairly or where their
sentences far too long and he also made
this offer to the NFL players hey just
tell me if who your friends are that you
need pardon in all pardon them so you
know Tim Schneider wrote a great book on
tyranny
you know historian from Yale University
yep and Trump is ticket checking off all
the boxes the first is fake news right
press independent media as opposition to
your point I need agreement I will talk
to you if I get agreement I will talk to
you if I get reinforcements I will talk
to you if you tell me I'm right and you
support me
remember that Kim Kardashian not is not
just a celebrity she's Kanye West's wife
right and Kanye West came out and made
very positive statements about Donald
Trump but yeah it's now even the subject
of a rap debate actually between he and
Ti and I just sail this because it's
kind of astounding when he was giving
pardons he was not just giving he was
giving parties to people he could signal
that he would actually undermine the
mulher investigation and potentially
indictments and convictions that he
might get by signaling I'll just pardon
you so keep your mouth shut and don't
cooperate so what we have here is a
pattern of agree with me protect me and
tell me I'm wonderful and great and and
I just want to because this is really
important what he did to the NFL players
remember first of all he agreed with the
NFL's position of saying just keep it in
the locker room yeah just don't come out
during the national anthem
then he came out which I don't agree
with by the way I think it's a First
Amendment right neither every right to
come out of locker room and absolutely
protest and demonstrate and not
disrupting anyone elses ability to
listen to or participate in the national
anthem but then he says oh actually I
didn't agree with that right in his
revocation remember
players were actually asking for a
meeting with him yeah Michael Bennett
from the Seahawks who's moving to the
Eagles who's a friend and I just want to
read what he said because he said he
would have gone he would have gone to
the White House mm-hmm and the reason he
would have gone is because he wanted a
dialogue with the president he's willing
to dialogue with the president and the
thing that he said that was so beautiful
and I want to read it because the
president also stereotypes folks like
these players and dehumanizes them and
what Michael Bennett says we have to
shed our fears on race religion
sexuality and immigration and that's
what he wants to talk to the president
about this is a president who Stokes
those fears Stokes the stereotypes
reinforces them rather than draws us
into a discussion even when we have
disagreement because that's
fundamentally what democracy is about
yeah and you know and Jill there there
that aspect of it which has so many
people destabilized and afraid is is
here in one bucket and then on the other
is Donald Trump's essential assertion of
absolute power he's essentially saying I
have all the power I can do whatever I
want including part of myself if I want
to so that I can you know Rudy Giuliani
his TV lawyer said he could shoot the
former FBI director and then pardoned
himself for killing a person the
originally literal I could shoot someone
Fifth Avenue here is Paul Ryan no here
is Paul Ryan finally being forced to
answer the question and confront it
because the Republican Party hasn't
really done much to to respond to what
Trump does but here is the Speaker of
the House having to respond to the
question of whether Trump could pardon
himself mr. speaker do you believe that
the president has the power to pardon
himself I don't know the technical
answer to that question but I think
obviously the answer is he shouldn't in
no one is above the law yeah okay I know
the technically and it's no he can't do
it the Department of Justice even has
said you can't do it it just isn't done
but I will say that the Office of Legal
Counsel added a little addenda to that
we said well he could invoke the 25th
amendment say he had some disability
he'd be out the Acting President the
Vice President would then pardon him
prospectively right which happened in
the Nixon case he was prospectively
pardoned
had not been indicted yeah when he was
pardoned and then after he got pardoned
he could say my disability is gone and
I'm president again yeah and that he
could do it that way it's sort of self
pardon but you'd have to get pence to
agree to that yeah in advance I guess so
it's ridiculous temporary insanity
defense I don't think it's your new film
shock and awe is is specifically about
the press and the run-up to the Iraq war
it was a lot of talk about George Bush
sort of styling himself became he had a
Jokers and be if I was a dictator and
whether or not the press was tough
enough on the Bush administration in the
lead up and asked enough questions was
skeptical enough we just watched the
press you know interview org having a
press conference with Donald Trump after
478 days of not having a press
conference you know having made this
film and really satin and thought
through these issues of the way that the
press is relating to somebody who styles
himself perhaps an autocrat have we
learned anything well I I don't know I
mean there wasn't that the press wasn't
tough enough in the run-up to the war
they were non-existent there were only
these four journalists from nitrated
which we made the movie about who got it
all right the most people just bought
the company line I mean it was a
different time we people were what swept
up in patriotism because of 9/11 and
they just bought the company line but
there's a line in the film and it's the
most important line in the film which
says you know the editor of the night
Reiter was talking to his journalist he
says if the government says something
you have only one question to ask is it
true that's it yeah we the press owes it
to the American public to try to get to
the truth it was difficult then it is
even more difficult now when you have
the president the United States saying
that the press is the enemy of the
people I'm calling it fake news and for
the first time in American history we
have essentially state-run media backing
up the president Fox and and and
Sinclair and then now it's Jones and all
these crazy ideas it's more it's
incumbent
on the press more than ever to really
hone in and to have that press
conference and not pin him down is it's
incredible I mean our democracy is
hanging in the balance two hundred and
forty one years of self-rule is hanging
in the balance we opened the film with a
line from Bill Moyers who used to be
LBJ's press secretary and basically says
that our democracy cannot exist unless
we have a free and independent press as
you talked about well we need that press
now more than ever they need to hold
this guy accountable and they need to
keep pressing and pin him down yeah and
there I want to play one example of I
think somebody did do a good job our own
Peter I was there not just as he works
with us but on this question of whether
or not Donald Trump believes he is above
the law
this is questioning not Trump but Sarah
Huckabee Sanders his spokesperson does
the president believe that she is above
the law certainly not the president
hasn't done anything wrong anything
wrong I guess the question is does the
president believe the framers envisioned
a system where the president can pardon
himself or the president could be above
the law certainly the Constitution very
clearly lays out the law and once again
the president hasn't done anything wrong
and we feel very comfortable in that
front it's not it's not that clear so I
guess simply put does the president
believe he is above the law certainly no
one is above the law except that the
president said he was my only complaint
about our exchange as it didn't say the
president said x y&z how then is it
possible what is the rationale for that
statement and how is it consistent with
their statement that he is not above the
law and I think well you know one of the
other things we have to remember is that
we don't have a diversity of voices in
the press because when we look at 40% of
those who support Donald Trump is kind
of firm base gets their news from one
source yeah the fact that we're only
getting our news from from a few sources
is also one of the problems that we have
and I think to Rob's point you know
that's kind of conglomeration of them of
the media
but certainly access and the feeling of
needing to hold on to that access when
you have a president who will punish you
where your disagreement is something
that the press has to say vigilant and
aware attorney I mean Hollywood is not
having to come in and be a part of the
response yeah we're all we're all a part
of it I you know interestingly enough
this this whole last year and a half two
years I've become very good friends with
very principled and thoughtful
Republicans there are a lot of people
out there that don't care about party
but they care about this country
unfortunately not elected officials only
the ones on the way out will say
anything nobody that is running for
office or in office now will actually
stand up and tell the truth and you see
these respective Republicans who are
thoughtful and they will tell the truth
because we care about this country and
make no mistake about it we are as Jon
Meacham points out the soul of democracy
we're fighting for it right now and and
and 2018 this November I'm telling you a
lot is gonna go I mean everybody says
this every time is the most important
election Bubba this really is if we
don't have a Democratic Congress that
can least start the hearings to shine
some light on what's been going on this
is the most corrupt presidency in
American history I don't care teapot
dolmen and Watergate and then and on Ron
contra these are like trials plain
compared to you know selling our country
out to a foreign enemy power and it just
doesn't get any worse it doesn't get any
worse than that yeah it's pretty
frightening I thank you all for being
here to try to have to try to parse
through it because it's tough stuff
Jill wine banks Maya Wiley Rob Reiner
thank you very much don't miss Rob's new
movie it's called shock and awe it's
quite good
and I've already seen it I haven't bit
of an advantage it's on Direct TV on
June 14th it's in theaters on July 13th
and coming up the latest attempt to
destroy Obamacare and Bishop Lea Barbara
will be here stay with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
