Wow okay we're back and not really sure
even where to begin with that that's
Donald Trump's first press conference
since February 16 2017 which is why we
let you hear what he had to say he's
being questioned by reporters for the
first time and I think 478 days I
believe that my producers have told me
it was not on his original schedule so
we let you hear it I'm gonna let my
panel react to a david korn Sarah Kenzi
or Malcom Nance and John Harwood are
still with me and joining me now the
economist and senior contributor for oil
price comm Dan dicker and Linda Yueh
author of the book what would the great
economists do I'm gonna come to my panel
here at the table because we were
sitting we were saying that maybe we
should have had a camera in on our just
our faces as we were sort of reacting
relationship with Europe @n he realizes
that everything's fine with the Allies
because they smile at him when he's
talking that's my favorite and
apparently he's had a great successful
summit he's concluded a successful
summit he's leaving early I'm gonna come
to you first Linda your reaction to all
of that well the first thing to say is
of course the summit isn't over yet no
where are we in the communique where are
we on these terrorists where are we on
the taxes that he so focused on so he
said in the press conference no taxes no
barriers but I think the question we all
want to know is is that in the
communique has that been agreed by the
g7 should we be looking for a clear path
to the economy did he make these
breakthroughs and enjoy I'm just going
to speculate here probably not right it
was so and that is the problem Dan is
that there's no way to know if anything
that he said is connected to actual
policy being made or if he was just
freestyling well I love that the idea
that his relationship with everybody is
at any they smile at him he's walked out
24 hours early on a g7 conference with
all of his allies he was late after
proposing enormous tariffs and an
ultimately a trade war because everybody
in that room with him is proposing
reciprocal punitive tariffs against him
and but everybody's smiling at him and
his relationship is a 10 how do you get
it to 11 I'm wondering you know and he's
got a major problem here if he goes
through with these tariffs and the way
that he's planning it forward and I'm
telling you that I don't think the
the markets believe it because when he
originally proposed these tariffs in
March the markets took a tremendous dive
down went down a thousand out points all
of the major aerospace stocks the the
cars automotive stocks tool-and-die
stocks they all got hit yeah but over
the last week and a half where he's
proposed them again and included our
allies as part of this tariff plan the
stock market has actually been moving
pretty steadily higher john harwood all
who will agree with me on this and I
think that the markets and therefore
most of the people who are surrounding
this serious people are surrounding this
don't believe he's going to go through
with it this time at all or they think
that he's just kidding again and he will
have to back off from all of these tabs
she gets sort of a sense of that from
the statements that he made in that in
that that sort of semi press conference
where oh I don't really want to do any
of this they're forcing me to do all of
these tariffs because what we really
want is free borders everywhere so he's
leaving himself room again to back away
from this entire process of of trade war
and tariffs let me go to code.you on
that John John Harvard to see if you do
agree with that I mean I used to be on
Larry Kudlow show a fair amount and I
remember him being a very much a free
trader you're over there at CNBC and I
you probably remember him pretty much
the same way at one point Donald Trump
turned the mic over to to mr. Kudlow for
him to support this idea of either
tariffs or no tariffs it's really not
clear what he's saying now John it's not
but I got to say joy I don't think the
the upshot of this press conference was
about tariffs I'll be honest as a
citizen I'm concerned about the
president's state of mind he did not
look well to me in that press conference
he was not speaking logically or
rationally it sounded as if he was
making stuff up saying you know Oh China
told it told me nobody's ever talked to
us or saying oh you know I talked to
Justin Trudeau and he can't believe he
was getting away with so much trade
stuff I don't I don't think those things
are true and the he there was something
about his effect which was oddly kind of
language from him I I don't I don't know
what it means but he did not look well
to me yeah and you know Malcolm you have
Donald Trump saying
North Korea will be a tremendous place
in a very short period of time that's an
odd thing to say about you know the
North Korea which is a completely closed
dictatorship
he seems very eager to go and talk to
Kim jong-un to John Harwood's point not
very little of what he was saying made a
lot of sense well John has hit the nail
on the head and you know I think Steve
Schmidt said this the other day that
Donald Trump is comes off like a moron
well you know I don't think that does
justice to the skin urban a test I think
he came off like an idiot today I was
almost shocked at the way that he spoke
with utter contempt of every president
that preceded him he does not
fundamentally appear to believe in the
processes and systems that put him in
the office he doesn't appear to believe
in the alliances that bind us together
that make us stronger as a nation it is
all about his narcissism and to be from
a national security perspective this man
wouldn't qualify for the nuclear weapons
control system to allow him to be
anywhere near the nuclear control the
nuclear control keys or even guarding
them I mean I'm really shocked at the
way that he speaks because it is all
Donald Trump centric he came off like
Mad King Donald not president of the
United States yeah Sarah you know there
used to be a thing where Republicans
sharply criticized even the Dixie Chicks
for being on foreign soil
and criticizing the American president
you now have an American president
trashing all of his predecessors
congratulating world leaders on tricking
us leaders American presidents seeming
to have more respect in many ways for
the leader of North Korea than for his
own predecessors blaming President Obama
for Russia invading Crimea and annexing
it I mean it is pretty stunning to hear
an American president speak that way
about his own country his own president
his own country's former leaders yeah
absolutely I mean whatever way you look
at it Donald Trump is not working for
the United States he's not working
the interest of the United States he's
not working for the interests of US
workers you can see the effects of these
tariff policies and states like mine
Missouri that voted for him in terms of
what's happened to soybean farmers
what's happened to the Harley Davidson
plant in Kansas City but to look at it
more broadly Trump's relationships are
basically set on what can a leader of a
country do for Trump
so he's favorable to China he's
favorable now to Kim because he thinks
he's getting this kind of ego boost its
enormous ly destructive and it's
shameful that the GOP has not done
anything they know that these policies
are going to hurt their states and
whatever short term view they have
whatever career ISM they have in the
long run this is going to devastate
America they may think they're fine
their kids won't be their grandkids
might not be and there might not be a
country for them to inherit so they need
to take this seriously and they need to
act now yeah and you know David everyone
everyone in the GOP and essentially
didn't recruit it you know he is he has
taken Larry Kudlow a man that you know
dan and I both I mean I don't like him
nobodies surely to the entire party you
know picking up on John's point if joy
you were talking to me this morning the
way we just heard Donald Trump talk I
would ask you if you had taken any
medication and advise you not to operate
any heavy machinery Wow
I mean he seemed disconnected from
reality I mean he has taken the art of
lying as some people call it biessing to
a new level where he just looks you in
the eye and says the level of the
relationship here is a 10 a 10 I tell
you
and everyone knows everyone the room
knows he's not telling the truth even
his fans and supporters chairman when he
said when he gets away with his BS and I
have to say you know we haven't had a
press conference with him in a long time
I don't want to bash my colleagues but
those reporters in the room missed a
major opportunity they pressed him on
nothing they asked him nothing about the
Russian attack from the US election they
asked him nothing about letting millions
of Americans go unprotected from health
care if they get rid of the pre-existing
conditions cause they just
gave him a platform from Dish give this
performance in which nothing made sense
or was connected to anything real and
the press keeps doing that Johnny's
gonna keep surviving yeah hey thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there for more am joy and the rest
of MSNBC and click on any of the videos
right here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
