Russia should be in the meeting it
should be a part of it you know whether
you like it or not and it may not be
politically correct but we have a world
to run and in the g7 which used to be
the g8 they through Russia out they
should let Russia come back in because
we should have Russia at the negotiating
table good morning and welcome to am joy
well we are waiting for Donald Trump to
speak live before leaving the g7 this
morning Trump yesterday pined for the
good old days when his friend Russia was
part of the exclusive Global Club of the
world's top economies once known as the
group of eight before it was kicked out
for illegally invading annexing Crimea
that group now known as the g7 is
gathering today in Charlevoix Canada and
despite the smiles for the camera it's
being widely characterized as the g6
plus-one as Trump and by extension the
u.s. becomes increasingly isolated on
everything from climate change to trade
Trump of course just recently imposed
steep tariffs on imports from the
European Union Canada and Japan promptly
retaliation from our allies and fellow
GE fellow members of the g7 Trump kicked
off the morning by riding late not just
to the summit but also to a breakfast
focused on equality for women and before
even getting to Canada he reportedly
questioned whether he had to go at all
and he reportedly said that he quote
does not want to be lectured by his
counterparts which may explain why he's
snubbing our economic and military
allies by ducking out early just a few
minutes Trump will take off from
Charlevoix leaving the g7 early on his
way to Singapore to prep for the summit
he's really into the one with North
Korean dictator Kim jong-un joining me
now is David corn of Mother Jones Sarah
Kenz your journalist and scholar of
authoritarian States Malcom Nance of the
terror a symmetric project and John
Harwood of CNBC thank you all for being
here John I'm going to start with you
you wrote a piece for CNBC's website
where it's entitled Trump is helping
Putin with a key goal when he spurns US
allies please explain Jory since the
fall of Soviet Union
Joe's been looking to secure its place
in the world and Vladimir Putin has
decided his status and Russia's status
and power and influence rests on
weakening the rest of the world so he's
been trying to divide Western allies in
NATO the European Union for some time
now and that was part of the motivation
intelligence officials believe for his
election interference in 2016 now
whether or not there's ever proof or
allegation that the Trump campaign
participated in that effort with Russia
Donald Trump is doing right now
precisely what Vladimir Putin wants done
he's fighting with our allies he
extended a hand to Russia yesterday
saying that they should be let back in
the g7 he did that on the very same
morning joy that he was impugning on
Twitter the honesty of Canada which is
one of our closest allies it is very
difficult to explain and yesterday we
had some top Obama national security
officials essentially saying openly that
he is doing Vladimir Putin's bidding and
as Richard Haass who was a Republican
national security aide to both
Presidents Bush told me I simply can't
explain what he's doing yeah it is it is
bizarre now coming to come to you we've
been talking about Donald Trump and
Russia for I guess it helps two years
now 18 months now and to hear Donald
Trump say that Russia should be back in
the group of seven that should be the g8
again after what Russia did to our
election it was odd I want to play you
what retired general army general Barry
McCaffrey had to say his reaction to
Donald Trump's suggestion that Russia
shall be left back in take a listen
these international alliances that have
sustained us both economically and in
national security are now being called
into question
particularly with the Russians it's just
bizarre the Soviet evil empire came
apart the poor Russians are still under
the sway of mr. Putin
he's essentially running a thug ah cracy
of kleptocracy his neighbors are
frightened by him and he and russia
interfered in our election and Donald
Trump's they should be back in the g8 or
make at the g8 again what did you make
of that Malcolm well I make of it what
we've suspected all along on these low
23 months since we found out that Trump
campaign may have been involved with
Russia Donald Trump is seemingly in debt
a horrible debt to Vladimir Putin and we
won't we don't know what it is yet but
you can be pretty sure that he is doing
Russia's bidding at every turn and to
make the call
to bring in Russia after it invaded a
nation seized its territory and was put
out of the g7 for him to say hey Russia
should be in this club well you know
ambassador Mike McFaul former ambassador
to Russia put it succinctly that Russia
does not want to be in this club Russia
doesn't believe in these clubs Russia is
trying to break up these clubs and
Donald Trump is the hammer that Russia
is using to destroy the g7 Trump wants
to be an isolationist the United States
is not really going to be involved in
this thing you see he just doesn't take
it seriously and he goes around and
insults all the allies low the seventy
four years after the invasion of Europe
which created the greatest alliance of
power in the world Russia and Donald
Trump wants to see those alliances
destroyed yeah and Sarah you know it was
odd to hear Donald Trump you know
offering what without anyone knowing he
was gonna do it that he would love to
see Russia back in the one that has
seemed to Ford something of a bond with
Donald Trump has been Emmanuel macron of
France and even he has had some pretty
harsh words for the American president
tweeting this on Thursday the American
president may not mind being isolated
but neither do we mind signing a sixth
country agreement if need be because
these six countries represent values
they represent an economic market which
has the weight of history behind it and
which now has a true
now which is now a true international
force I mean we're talking about a
potential realignment of the West
without the United States and with
Donald Trump singing those continuing to
sing the praises of Russia yeah
absolutely and I think that macrons
initial diplomatic moves towards Trump
had nothing to do with the positive
evaluation of Trump's character but you
know seeing the danger trying to smooth
it over trying to see if he could appeal
to Trump's ego and avoid this kind of
situation but this is pre-planned I mean
Trump's moves on this are extremely
predictable
he has always hated these kind of
alliances where they're NATO the EU
NAFTA he's always looked for an interest
for an isolationist position for the
United States especially on trade but on
other issues shortly after he returned
for his first trip to the Soviet Union
in July 1987 and so I think now you know
Europe is trying to protect itself it's
trying to protect itself from Russia
which is trying to intervene in their
election which you've seen intervention
in brexit in in France's own election
and it's trying to protect itself and
this is the unbelievable part from the
United States we are a superpower or
were a superpower and when you have
people like Trump in charge a kleptocrat
an aspiring autocrat you will end up
possibly with a super autocracy aligned
with other autocracies across the world
and you know that we talked about this
last week david korn we kind of posited
you know what what would it look like a
world in which there is a sort of
fundamental realignment that the
traditional Western Allies are no longer
the allies that you know they were
before you know yet Donald Trump
accusing Canada of burning down the
White House in the war of 1812 Canada
and even become a country until 1867
they certainly did not burn down the
White House it was British troops that
did that in 1814 but I mean that's where
we are now Donald Trump alienating our
closest allies and saying Russia should
be you know right with the world again
well apparently people are talking about
what Canada did in 1812 I mean it's
clear a couple of things he doesn't want
a g7 he wants a g2 I really think maybe
a g3 him Putin
of China throw-in kim jeong-hoon that
seems to be who he's gravitating towards
towards these gigantic autocracy art
autocracy and you know i you know i john
harwood speech this morning is great i
commend it to people I would go step
further though and say it's important to
remember it wasn't just Russian
intervention in the election it was
information warfare against the United
States mounted by Putin directly and
Malcolm's talked a lot about this and
just this past week at a conference in
Europe
dan coates who is the Director of
National Intelligence appointed by
Donald Trump said that Russian measures
against the United States active
measures secret measures against the
United States are still going on so
while the top intelligence official and
Trump's own administration says Russia
is still trying to find ways to attack
us like it did in 2016
he's out there trying to get Russia into
a club that Russia doesn't even want to
join I mean I I don't want to sound too
dire but I don't think we can get much
more dire on this particular issue than
we are at the moment yeah and you know
John you know and again I do highly
recommend people read your piece but
this idea of a realignment you know
David I said maybe it's in g3 it could
be still seven but it seems to be Donald
Trump Duterte the Philippines he seems
to admire him drunk alone he wants to
meet with perhaps air21 hook Turkey he
seems to admire China's now president
for life Xi Jinping the Saudis and UAE
and now you have in Italy you have the
attack the new Italian prime minister
who is a another person of the quite far
right breaks with the rest of the EU and
backs Donald Trump's call to and readmit
Russia to the group of eight so there
does seem to be a realignment but there
at least as one European country that
seems to be on Trump's side well I will
say I think there was a subsequent
clarification from the Italian
delegation that he meant readmit after
they meet their obligations under the
Minsk Accords which is concerning their
behavior post the seizure of Crimea so I
think they clarified that they want
Russia to mend its ways in terms of what
it had done
in Ukraine and Crimea look the division
of Western Allies is something that I
think Russia wants to do that Donald
Trump is helping them do I don't think
in the end it will be successful because
I don't think that in fact Americans and
the American political system writ large
wants to go in that direction but it's
going in that direction right now and
we'll see what we'll see what happens in
midterm elections we'll see what happens
when Bob baller
lays down his findings and how
Republicans react to that but I do it
does feel as if we are hurtling toward a
moment of decision for the country on
exactly what are we willing what is the
country willing to accept what direction
do we want to take which side is Donald
Trump on and and that will be clarified
soon you can see raccoons are gonna go
to you then you wrote a book view from
flyover country you you know there is a
sense that at least in part of the
Republican base there is an openness to
this kind of a realignment in the world
right I mean possibly I think that most
people are more concerned with you know
day-to-day needs and kind of getting by
than they are with this realignment I
think that you know Trump has done so
many horrible things on a domestic level
or just shocking things on an
international level that this is just
one of them you know what I see in
Missouri which of course voted for Trump
is a lot of disillusion to
disillusionment a lot of frustration I
think if people want to take a pragmatic
approach to the midterms we need to
anticipate that they may not under Nick
Fury I'm gonna inter interrupt you just
a moment Donald Trump is now taking the
podium and we'll let you finish when he
is when he is done talking and I think
he's gonna take questions as well as
listening hey thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there for
more am joy and the rest of MSNBC and
click on any of the videos right here to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights and you can get more videos
from MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
