tonight Donald Trump is once again
forcing us to ask what is behind the
president's public affection for Russia
it's a question we've been asking since
at least the summer of 2016 when Donald
Trump and I had this exchange right
after he asked Russia to hack the emails
of the Democratic presidential candidate
you said the Russians you said I welcome
them to find those 30,000 they probably
have them I'd like to have release it
does that not give you pause no it gives
me no pause if they have hey you know
what gives me more loss that a person in
our government crooked Hillary Clinton
well here's what gives me my big wide I
know you want to you know save her if
Russia or China or any other country has
those emails I mean to be honest with
you I'd love to see him Donald Trump's
strange affection for Russia has now
opened a new riff between America and
its closest allies before setting off
for the group of seven summit the
president said that Russia the country
that launched a cyber attack on
America's presidential election should
be allowed back into the g7 Russia
should be in this meeting why are we
having a meeting without Russia being in
the meeting and I would recommend and
it's up to them but Russia should be in
the meeting it should be a part of it
you know whether you like it or not and
it may not be politically correct but we
have a world to run and in the g7 which
used to be the g8 they through Russia
out they should let Russia come back in
because we should have Russia at the
negotiating table the president's
comments caught the White House
off-guard and sparked an immediately
immediate backlash from leaders at the
summit a British government official had
to remind the president why the g7
kicked out Russia four years ago saying
quote we should remind ourselves why the
g8 became the g7 it was after Russia
illegally annexed Crimea since then we
have seen malign activity from Russia
and a whole variety
ways before any conversations can take
place about Russia rejoining it needs to
change its approach the response from
Capitol Hill was not any better
Republican senator Ben Sasse called the
president's comments week adding Putin
is not our friend and he is not the
president's buddy he is a thug using
Soviet style aggression to wage a shadow
war against America and our leaders
should act like it
Donald Trump's friendly comments on
Russia came as he is taking more actions
likely to please Vladimir Putin New York
magazines Jonathan shade observes today
one of Russia's principal foreign policy
goals for decades has been to split the
u.s. from its allies whether by accident
or by design president Trump appears
intent on bringing that dream to
fruition
case in point Donald Trump's attacks on
Europe and Canada over trade that you
know they're trying to act like well we
fought with you in the wars which they
don't mention the fact that they have
trade barriers against our farmers they
don't mention the fact that they're
charging almost 300% tariffs when it all
straightens out we'll all be in love
again
hours later detentions were on full
display when Donald Trump met with
Canada's Justin Trudeau and Frances
Emmanuel macron at the g7 today both of
whom have exchanged angry tweets with
the president over trade this week the
president was late to the summit and he
is leaving early
Democratic Senator Chris Murphy told me
that it's almost like the u.s. itself
isn't even part of the g7 and that
nobody is happier than flat Amir Putin
now it seems like it's gonna be a g6 it
looks like we are on the verge of
getting kicked out of the g7 they're
gonna do some of these agreements
without us I mean listen you can now see
why the president why the the Russian
government cared so much about getting
Donald Trump elected I think that Putin
is getting exactly what he wanted he has
paid no substantial price for
interfering in our election he has not
moved
inch inside Crimea or Ukraine and he is
now being let back into the club and so
the message coming from last weekend
this week
seems to be that if you're a friend of
the United States you get treated really
Shapley if you're an enemy of the United
States you you get top top class
treatment meanwhile Russian state TV is
praising Donald Trump the Dean of the
Moscow State University reportedly said
this week that Trump is quote smashing
the EU with a sledgehammer
adding that's why Putin says he's not
trying to weaken the EU why would he
bother Trump is doing all the work for
him let's bring in our panel the ax
Michel cinder is the White House
correspondent for PBS Newshour she's
joining us from the site of the g7
summit net price is the former senior
director and spokesperson for the
National Security Council on a former
CIA analyst Jennifer Rubin is a
conservative opinion writer at the
Washington Post
all three are MSNBC contributors also
joining us is Neera tanden president of
the America of the Center for American
Progress
she was also Hillary Clinton's policy
director during the 2008 presidential
campaign Ned let's start with you Donald
Trump talking about Russia being let
back in to the g7 making it a g8 again
after all of the trade talk and all of
the tensions between him and our allies
how was that comments likely going down
in the inner circles of our allies well
we saw exactly how it went down Katie it
was widely rejected it was widely
rejected by virtually all of our
European partners and the Canadians only
the Italians who have some business
interests with Putin's government I
wanted to go along with it but look
there's a there is a broader principle
at play here
Donna Donald Trump is not only alienated
the United States from our allies from
our European allies from our Canadian
allies he's actually trying to do
something much more dangerous he is
trying to subvert he is trying to erode
he is actually trying to destroy the
rules-based international order that the
United States built after World War two
and we have led ever since and frankly
this is what Vladimir Putin has long
wanted more than to tarnish America's
image
more than to be seen as on par with the
American President Vladimir Putin has
wanted to tear down this order this
order that has in some ways ensured
American hegemony over the past seven
decades and to replace it with something
in his own image and just as Donald
Trump is saying all of these outrageous
things Vladimir Putin is in China he is
in China meeting with President Xi we're
together they hope to build their own
version of the g8 and if that is the
outcome if our g8 is subverted to an
international order that Vladimir Putin
builds that will not be in our interest
certainly Katie you Miche does Donald
Trump know what he is doing is he doing
all of this on purpose I mean I think
that it's pretty clear that President
Trump has a very clear set of reasons
why he's doing this and he knows exactly
what he's doing today he tweeted that he
that Canada and that the European Union
countries that are part of the g7 but
they were all taking advantage of the
United States so this has been a thing
that he's talked about on the campaign
trail both you and I covered him he
talked about the idea that America was
gonna be first part of that America
first campaign was the fact that he
thought that everyone else around us
including our allies were people that
would somehow have to pay more money to
do business with the US and I think it's
really important that when Donald Trump
was asked today whether or not the g6
would turn into the g2 the g7 would turn
into the g6 he said I don't really care
what you call it it doesn't matter to me
so there's this like there's this idea
that it's not just as if he's quietly
doing this he's actually doing this very
out in the open and the fact that you
saw the French president today trading
tweets with Donald Trump saying you know
what we can come to an agreement with
just the six countries that we have and
we can be isolated isolated from the
United States that tells you that this
is a really an open open are arguments
that's really I think very striking but
Jennifer does he know that what he's
doing exists is exactly what Vladimir
Putin wants him to do I've asked this
question of a couple people today is he
trying to create a new world order is
that is that too outrageous to even ask
does he want to cast aside our allies
and create a new new alliance with with
more strong arms strong men
taters like Vladimir Putin like like Shi
Shing paying like the king of Saudi
Arabia like Kim jong-un and North Korea
who he's praising right now who is going
to see in Singapore to try and make a
deal on on the nuclear program is he
trying to create new relationships and
casts off the old on purpose well let me
first observe that if President Obama
did half of this stuff the Republicans
in Congress and in think tanks around
Washington would be up in arms so it's
nice that Ben Sasse has returned to his
Twitter feed but I think he could
probably do a little bit more than that
as far as Donald Trump is is concerned I
think it is very clear that he doesn't
like our allies that he finds them
annoying he finds them that they do take
advantage of us in some fashion he
doesn't understand trade so he thinks
that we are losing money to them in some
fashion or another he looks upon Mexico
as a threat because they send us their
rapists and they're murderers remember
that one and by contrast the dictators
have learned to play the game they know
he's vain they know he's narcissistic so
they roll out the red carpet they
flatter him to death he has an
admiration for strong men so of course
he gets along better with them they
figured out the game and they are in
some sense his model they are
authoritarian they hate their press they
don't like dissent either so in some
sense it is a bizarre affinity that he
does find for dictators around the world
and as far as human rights as far as
democracy that's really care hold on I
don't know you're talking about Donald
Trump today said he's a really big fan
of the First Amendment and I personally
totally braver and you felt that KDI and
I did I felt it really deep inside from
everything I experienced on the campaign
trail it really came through Mira
here's what Susan Glasser wrote in The
New Yorker today senior government
officials in London Berlin and other
European capitals and in Washington have
told me now
they now worry that Trump may be a great
immediate threat to the Alliance then
even authoritarian great power rival
such as Russia and China so so near our
allies are looking at us and saying hold
on does a little bit look like you're
our friends you might be more of a
problem to us than anything else well I
mean having the your greatest ally the
United States has been the greatest ally
of every country in Europe for decades
and having your allied break apart from
you is is a deep deep threat but I guess
I would just differentiate a little bit
there is a there is a discussion a lot
of people think oh Trump just like
strongman he just likes authoritarians
because he's kind of little of a bully
and he likes them but it's but we should
really understand here is that Trump has
a different relationship with Vladimir
Putin
he treats Blatter mere Putin better than
anyone else China
anyone else just let's remember it's not
just that Putin has has not receded in
Crimea Russia hasn't receded in Crimea
it's that Russia recently attacked an
ally but basically trying to murder
British citizens and of course did what
he did to our elections and helped
install don't remember took actions to
help Trump's election so essentially
think of the message it's made it's
sending to our national security
apparatus who's trying to protect us
from Russian interference in the next
election that Donald Trump is saying in
possibly the cheapest date imaginable
Russia has to do nothing and they will
re-enter the g8 it's it's frankly
ludicrous and different than he treats
any other country the nearest point is
vulnerable to the to the Middle East
everything that he is doing their
delights Russia dumping the Jay the
jcpoa and allowing our allies to kind of
go it alone that's great with Putin he's
propping up Iran you want to give Putin
Syria oh he'll do that too he'll sign
that
way so everything that he is doing
really does in nor to Russia's benefit
in the Middle East it's extraordinary
and then take a step back or give us a
larger picture what does it mean if we
don't have these strong relationships
any longer what does it mean if our
allies suddenly don't look to us as a
great friend or somebody that they can
rely on what does that mean for our
future well I think what Donald Trump
doesn't appear to understand in any of
this is not just that this is the
rules-based international order that we
built but this is the rules-based
international order that we actually
wrote that it works in our favor
that works in the favor of liberal
democracies around the globe it allows
for free trade it allows for partnership
across the board this is what the
American this is what our American
system of international relations has
been predicated upon since the end of
World War two what Vladimir Putin wants
to replace it with is something that
does not at all resemble what has
allowed us to thrive what has allowed us
with our soft power to spread our to
spread our values around the world and
what has allowed us to flourish as an
economy Donald Trump is really whether
he knows it or not trying to tear all of
that down you meet your there we're not
what's the reaction like in Canada on
the ground well the reaction is really
that people are taken aback by the idea
that the United States which has played
a really big role in the g7 and it's
really played a big role in promoting
free trade and has really been a country
that people have looked through for
leadership but they are now stepping
away from that and I think a lot of the
US officials that I talk to people that
are familiar with the summit's here say
that they don't know what comes next if
that the u.s. backs out and said that
they don't want to be a leader here does
that mean that Germany then becomes a
leader here does that mean that Vladimir
Putin somehow even with even outside of
the g7 does he now have a bigger voice
in the world stage and then of course
people bring up the fact that the
president is leaving early tomorrow
morning he's skipping a meeting about
climate change which is a big deal for a
lot of our allies that are still trying
to work with us after he pulled out of
the players climate Accords that he's
now going to
meet in Singapore with the leader of
North Korea and a lot of people are
worried that even as he goes to that
that's giving another person who is
problematic to a lot of our allies even
more of a voice and even more of a
platform so I think people here are very
worried about the future of world order
can I just yeah go another point which
is as all this is happening China is is
trying to be and is more ascendant in
the world so it's not just that the
United States is weakening our allies
it's that by that by weakening the
Western alliance it is strengthening the
hand of both Russia and China at a time
where they are trying and are being more
assertive and powerful in the world
stage so it is a little bit of a
zero-sum game the weakening of American
leadership is strengthening essentially
people in countries that have been
identified as are more of our
adversaries by this gnash Security
Council net price and ameesha cinder
thank you very much for joining us
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
