thing one tonight scott pruett is still
employed the epa administrator with a
thing for moisturizer and used
mattresses has survived yet another day
but some of his weirder scandals are
taking on a life their own yesterday we
told you about the lotion the Washington
Post reporting that Pruitt directed
agents of his security detail to drive
him to multiple locations in search of a
particular lotion on offer at
ritz-carlton hotels that must be some
special lotion lucky for Scott Pruitt
someone who heard about his struggle
showed up with a big bottle of the stuff
at the faith in freedom conference where
he was speaking today but of course she
was thrown out because obviously that
was not Ritz Carlton lotion why is it so
hard to get some Ritz Carlton lotion
around here and also free speech I guess
you know what's interesting about about
this type of discussion is here we are
talking about free speech religious
liberty and folks won't let you engage
in an attempt well I mean she's the one
who got dragged out of the room Scott
you were still at the microphone that's
what you get for trying to bring a guy
some lotion I guess the wrong kind
apparently actually she wasn't the only
one trolling Pruitt there was lotion on
the floor of the House today - that's
thing - in 60 seconds Scott Pruett is
setting records for far and away the
most ethical violations and corruption
scandals in the entire Trump swamp and
finally today the president gave Pruitt
something less than a full defense Scott
fruit is doing a great job within the
walls of the EPA I mean we're setting
records outside he's being attacked very
viciously by the press and I'm not
saying that he's blameless but we'll see
what happened we'll see what happens
that's usually the last thing he hear
before Trump gives you a nickname it
probably doesn't help mattress lotion
Scott that Democrats in Congress are now
using props on the floor of the house
congressman Ruben Gallego and Ted Lou
were highlighting Pruitt's ever-growing
list of scandals including of course
lotion gate and signing a letter along
with four other House Democrats formally
requesting the DOJ investigate the EP
administrator for potential criminal
conduct so yeah while they use mattress
and the fancy lotion have we mentioned
that and
$1500 pens and the chick-fil-a scandals
may all be a little weird some of them
are a little bit possibly illegal and
Scott Pro it's not exactly dying look my
wife is as an entrepreneur herself I
love she loves we love we chick-fil-a is
a franchise of faith and it's one of the
best in the country and so that's
something we were very excited about
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
