the Trump administration tarring
immigrant children away from their
parents daily we still don't know how
many families have been ripped apart the
numbers we do have though are startling
the intercept telling nearly 1,400
children so far that we know of from
October to about mid-april plus two
weeks in May now that doesn't include
stretches of several weeks when this new
policy has been put into effect meaning
the true figure could be much higher in
fact the Trump administration has been
so aggressive they've now caused another
crisis they're running out of beds and
so now they're sending hundreds of
immigrants to federal prisons thousands
of miles away to wait for their hearings
including apparently parents who have
had their children ripped away some
mothers have reportedly been taken to
federal prison in Washington State or
both the governor and the Attorney
General are now demanding to know when
those immigrants can see their children
again taking children from their parents
as US policy is cruel and inhumane and
apparently even Donald Trump think so
because he consistently refuses to
acknowledge that it's his policy I don't
like the children being separated from
the parents I don't like it I hate it
but that's a Democrat bill that we're
enforcing we can change it in one day
all they have to do is come and see us
that's a lie it's an absolute lie of
course it's a lie the president has
repeatedly told what it even is a
Democrat bill you control all the
branches of government but here's the
thing he's in luck because today Senator
Dianne Feinstein democratic california
dropped a new piece of legislation the
keep families together act designed to
do exactly that keep families together
and halt this abominable family
separation practice so Donald Trump and
Republicans can solve this in one day
pass this bill sign it into law and stop
this barbaric practice that has become a
national shame
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
