welcome back guys right now we're
dealing with a president who does what
US presidents just do not do they just
don't ascertain a king like power over
the rule of law by flaunting their part
in power as we talked about earlier in
the show but they also just don't often
behave in a way that punishes our allies
and praises our enemies the president is
right now at a summit with our allies as
they slam him for his isolationist views
and he slams them back with threats of a
trade war meanwhile mr. Trump is once
again praising Russia he's talking about
making North Korea rich if things go
well at next week's nuclear summit as
well joining me now is Jeremy bash NBC
News national security analyst and
former chief of staff at the Pentagon
and the CIA also the panel John Caitlin
and Gabe Jeremy welcome to the table
even remotely what do you think of
Russia coming back into the fold and
it's becoming a g8 again well Katie a
pillar of Russian foreign policy has
been to drive a wedge between the United
States and our allies and that's I think
exactly what President Trump sort of
spoke about today which when he said he
would welcome Russia back into the g8
but that wasn't even the most Pro Russia
thing he said actually the most Pro
Russia thing he said was his declaration
of economic warfare between us and our
European allies and us and our NATO
allies it sounds to me that Donald Trump
is trying to formulate a new world order
that doesn't like our allies any longer
not a fan of Merkel and May and Trudeau
etc the EU really likes reaching pinga
really likes Vladimir Putin really likes
the king of Saudi Arabia maybe could
really like Kim jong-un at this summit
goes well yeah and it's not clear
exactly what's going on whether this is
just improvisation and he's kind of
winging it without preparation as he's
boasted about standing there getting
ready to board marine one to head out of
town he made these comments I don't
think they were the product of any
deliberate strategy which is actually
even more concerning because it shows
how hardwired it is into his psyche into
his worldview that he admires strong men
that he supports a neo isolationist
policy
United States and he buys into Russia's
narrative that basically America should
not have the strength of its allies
around it and we should do in effect
what Russia wants done on the world
stage that is exactly what I was what I
was gonna ask following what Jeremy was
saying he brought it up I what does it
say that Donald Trump just naturally
leans towards dictators well it says
exactly what we think it says it's not
exactly promising for the old world
order but in some ways you can say that
he's doing some part of what he said he
was going to do he said during the
campaign that his foreign policy was
going to be America first what his
allies are trying to do now in Canada is
convince him that his conception of
America first that does rely on these
strong men who are not our allies in
fact puts America last and what's very
clear though is that he's not buying any
of this because he just doesn't seem to
respect these people that he's talking
to whether Trudeau or others give him
the benefit of the doubt what could what
I mean is there some method to this
madness okay so he is upsetting the
applecart he's he's throwing he's
playing 52 pickup he's throwing all the
cards of the international order in the
air and seeing whether at the end when
all the chaos is over at everybody you
know he it can somehow be reassembled
into something that he likes better or
is better than America that would be the
defense it's not much of a defense but
it is the defense and it's all its comp
all this is complicated by he's saying
nice things about Russia in this run in
this g8 g7 run-up right but the story of
the last year and a half has been Trump
tightening them tightening restrictions
on Russia imposing tough sanctions
agreeing to allow the sale of offensive
weaponry to Ukrainians who are fighting
him a fighting Putin the policies have
not been pro-russian this that's why
this seems improv satori to me and weird
and it's all sort of the oh you want me
to go to a meeting can sit there like a
nice grown up at the table that's not
who I am I'm just gonna make trouble
because that only make trouble with our
allies that is the question it's not
like he's going over over to China and
meeting with the world making China is
not
trouble with sati or ABA he's not making
troubles at trouble with Vladimir Putin
he's only making trouble he's been
making trouble pool for a year and a
half that's just not right he has host
tariffs in China Jeremy what if I just
responded to John actually the policies
are very pro-russian I mean
tearing apart the Alliance the
transatlantic alliance between the
United States and our Western European
allies it's exactly Vladimir Putin's
playbook number two is we've made a
decision to leave Assad in power that is
exactly what Russia wants and I would
even argue that leaving the Iran deal
we're down it to the benefit of Russia
why do I say that because it exacerbates
tensions between the United States and
our European allies and so there are
across many fronts America is now doing
in effect what Russia wants America to
be doing are you saying it cancels out
the sanctions am i saying that yeah no
I'm just saying that that the strain
that leaving the Iran deal puts between
the United States and its European
allies is exactly what Vladimir Putin's
Russia wants to happen and when it comes
to Mexico and Canada I mean the
president has been talking for 30 years
right about this this trade deficit
right the problem is now it meets the
reality of what this actually means
right so he's talked about I want to get
away from all these you know
multinational deals and just have these
bilateral trade deals fine but we
haven't seen the result of what that
deal-making would be right so he's
lashing out against Trudeau lashing out
against those there meanwhile you know
threatening retaliatory measures that
could hit Trump's base of support and
Jodi arias Iowa today was saying US and
if you're gonna close those markets for
us you got to find us some new ones
right so he hasn't explained right what
the next step is he didn't want to even
go to the G you know what's interesting
and our producer Jesse Bergman found
this
Donald Trump is liking well he likes to
have his cake and eat it too he's saying
we're getting ripped off
also as he's arguing he's making it rain
watch our economy is absolutely booming
best it's ever been seven trillion
dollars inward
so we've created since the elections
that's a number that nobody would have
thought was possible we have gotten the
best financial numbers the best economic
numbers the best numbers on unemployment
and employment that we've ever had
record numbers at every outpost lowest
unemployment numbers we've had jump ball
someone make sense of this for me
well this is exactly what Republicans on
Capitol Hill have been saying look the
economy is great why are you trying to
kind of initiate this trade war they
really haven't had much power though to
rein him in on this even though there
have been some that I have but they're
not going to pass anything to kind of
curb his power on this and I just think
the broader point is that this network
of alliances this international order
we've had since the end of World War two
that has redound it to the benefit of
the United States and so for us to kind
of tear it up undermine it really I
think hurts our national security and is
exactly what has been in the Russian
PlayBook since since the dawn of the
Cold War yeah it's not about the
Russians here he has said since the
early 1980s that we make stupid deals we
made stupid deals with Russia he could
solve the you know the nuclear war
problem between the United States and
the Soviet Union and that NAFTA was bad
and all this is bad now he's president
and the economy is working and he is not
willing as Katelyn said he's not willing
to sort of call an audible and say we
don't really need to do they make all
these changes because what I'm doing is
working so he's on the one hand saying
what I'm doing is working on the other
and he's saying we're a poor country now
and we need to you know we need to
because he has to trash everything that
came before him in order to make himself
look like he is the one that's fix
everything so he has to turn back what
the administration implements it because
if he doesn't do that he's tacitly
saying that they did a good job he needs
to be the one that's responsible for
everything that's happening right now
and I think that's why actually you see
a lot of discomfort among Republicans in
Capitol on Capitol Hill these days if we
want to take a look at this from a
domestic political perspective this is a
classic problem of coherence that that
parties always have when it comes to
midterms that you say the other guys are
doing every
terribly but things are going great
under us not that we've changed anything
this is a problem that parties have been
dealing with forever and Republicans are
trying to deal with it now Jeremy bash
thanks so much for joining us we
appreciate your expertise good to see
you
panels stay with us hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meat to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
