at the White House musicians like Kid
Rock the Beach Boys Mike loved joining
President Trump for for a signing
ceremony of the music Modernization Act
it's aimed at reforming music licensing
rapper Kanye West also reportedly
expected to attend the president and
West will talk about everything from
American manufacturing to the resurgence
of prison reform gang violence
prevention specifically in Chicago
reducing violence there in West's
hometown as well president Trump
actually crediting Kanye with his
support in the black community have a
lot of african-american support and a
lot has developed over the last little
while with Kanye coming out Jordan now
Charlamagne tha God co-host of the
syndicated radio show The Breakfast Club
New York Times bestselling writer author
of the upcoming book shook one anxiety
is playing tricks on me which hits
bookshelves on October 23rd always enjoy
having my friend yes what have you
create let's start with what the
president just said there has has yeh
helped the president with black people
know the black people are not a monolith
okay and Kanye West is not represent all
black people and because I'm black and I
don't support Donald Trump in any way
shape or form
is he being used by the president um I
think that if you can't be used you're
useless so I think that they're both
using each other in a way I just hope
that I think he's being misused just a
little bit because when you use him as a
prop and you say that because of him you
have all of the support from the African
American community that's not
necessarily true Kanye West represents
Kanye West he doesn't represent the
whole African American community you've
interviewed him a number of times you
interviewed him back in May this is part
of what he said about why he supports
Trump when he was running it's like I
felt something
it's like the fact that he won it's like
it proves something it proved that
anything is possible in America that
Donald Trump could be president of
America I'm not talking about you know
what he's done since he's been in office
but the fact that he was able to do it
like remember I was gonna run for
president
I had people that was close to me
friends of mine like making jokes making
memes talk now it's like oh that was
proven that that could have happened you
buy that explanation yeah because that
has nothing to do with policy that has
to do with ego if I'm Kanye West and I'm
a celebrity and I announced that I
wanted to run for president and
everybody laughs at me but then the
executive producer of Celebrity
Apprentice who was actually a celebrity
comes and runs somebody who has zero
qualifications has never held any
political office and actually wins
I feel like damn I might have missed my
moments I didn't know America was ready
to just throw the presidency in the
toilet I could I could have went out and
did a good job so you think that part of
this is just that Kanye sees in Donald
Trump something that he aspires to be
less likely listen you know it's always
say that Donald Trump is a good case for
optimism right because Barack Obama was
exceptional like he's an exceptional
human being I mean Harvard Nobel Peace
Prize all that good stuff Donald Trump
was the executive producer of Celebrity
Apprentice so the bar for president is
set very low okay if Donald Trump is the
president so why wouldn't I feel like I
can be President if Donald Trump was
president do you think Kanye West could
be President I mean America we are in a
state of idiocracy right now so after
what what we're witnessing right now I
don't I don't see why not
but now we should point out that his
wife when she did when she went to the
to the White House the last time she's
gotten a lot of credit for getting
clemency for a woman who was serving
life in prison should right so so do we
think that perhaps there might be some
policy good that comes from this this
newfound friendship that's a great point
and I'll tell you why that's a great
point I feel like you know the the
messenger matters right yeah and if
Kanye and Kim are the Trump whisperers
right there are celebrities who know how
to talk to another celebrity clearly
Donald Trump does not understand the
language that actual politicians are
speaking so if two celebrity
can go into the White House and have
conversations with him about certain
things and we're in an election year
right now so it would be like a really
dope political stunt for Donald Trump to
say here's a few billion dollars for you
to go open up some you know mental
health centers in African American
communities all throughout the country
it'll be a good stunt so I think that
yeah right now messenger the messenger
in the timing matters Charles blow New
York Times columnist he speculates that
the the part of this may also be a beef
between Kanye West and President Obama
we know that at one point the president
referred to Kanye's a jackass do you
think that some of this is about that as
well maybe maybe maybe possible possible
rebellion because I think that a lot of
times if we're not embraced by who we
want to be embraced by will run into the
arms of the people who are acting like
they like us and want to embrace us so
maybe tell me about the book shook won
shook on anxiety playing tricks on me
man I'm gonna be out October 23rd it's
about you know just anxiety that I've
been dealing with my whole life it's
about PTSD it's about trauma you know I
want everybody to be mentally healthy
and I love that you know it's a lot of
people out here right now elevating the
conversation of mental health in America
and we need to eradicate you know the
mental health stigma that exists in the
black community so it's not it's not
even something that I was aiming to do
you know when I started writing it last
year but now I'm looking around and I'm
looking at what taraji fear instinct is
doing with her foundation I'm even
hearing a guy like Kanye West talk about
you know his bipolar I just feel like
now is the time to have that
conversation so the book will be out
October 23rd you can pre-order it now
whoever you Bible the pride of South
Carolina shunko that's you Craig you're
the pride of South Carolina what we do
pride together let's be the Prophet yeah
I'm gonna bring that picture you don't
get in your face of like my dog that's
it next time I go to a commercial we'll
be right back hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
