so Shannon by the way he's writing about
Giuliani and her latest reporting
Shannon you say Giuliani's impact on
Robert Mulder's probe in the White
House's defense strategy is not as
significant as you may have thought
Shannon reports Rudy Giuliani has yet to
genuinely affect the course of Robert
Mulder's Russia probe despite being a
near constant presence on TV
Giuliani defended his strategy and
asserted that public opinion related to
Muller's probe has turned in trumps
favor if we have such a bad strategy
then how do we turn public opinion with
a hostile press he said Giuliani also
asserted that Muller cannot indict the
president if they had the power to
indict it would be a different strategy
he said since I've been on the case I
haven't been too impressed by them
despite Giuliani serving as the face of
trumps legal team much of the actual
lawyer ring has been done by Jay Sekulow
and his team of lawyers along with
Martin and Jayne Raskin a
husband-and-wife team of defense lawyers
brought in at the same time as Giuliani
so Shannon we've talked about this Bob
Muller has his head down doing his job
he's not going to be affected by what
Rudy Giuliani says here or in Israel or
anywhere else but what's really
happening obviously with Rudy Giuliani
is the softening of the ground for when
this report comes out president Trump
will be able to point to all the things
untrue as they may be that Rudy Giuliani
has said about the corruption of the
investigation and discredited that's
exactly right
when I and my colleague Chris Strom
talked to current and former Justice
Department officials about the
perception of Giuliani there was not a
sense that he was much of a threat they
said well you know we don't interface
with him you know we don't see him
interfacing much with the Justice
Department he's not the one writing
legal briefs or reviewing case law or
making legal arguments to the special
counsel however Giuliani says he is
playing a different game he is playing
this game in the court of public opinion
and he argues that that is the only one
that matters at this point that this is
not going to be a case that is fought
out in court over obstruction of justice
or collusion or whatever because of
these guidelines the Justice Department
has now that you can't indict a sitting
president we don't know if Muller will
necessarily follow those but those are
the guidelines Rudy is operating in so
when he looks
his job as the lawyer he looks at it as
turning the public against this
investigation he is very clear and open
about that that this is a public
relations play and that if he can do
that he's confident that Congress will
not impeach the president if there are
some charges that the Justice Department
ends up referring to Congress to deal
with and Gene Robinson just to be be
very clear with Americans that are
listening to these claims by Rudy
Giuliani and and by commentators are hot
that are horrified that this president
believes he has such sweeping absolute
power and and same with Giuliani
believing that again it's just bad law
and people need to understand that it is
a fog machine but also Rudy Giuliani is
shamefully spitting out lies go against
history you can take him saying that the
president can pardon himself we've all
seen now the 1974 August 74 opinion by
the Justice Department that goes
hundreds of years of English and
American law the president cannot pardon
himself Rudy's saying he doesn't have to
abide by a subpoena that goes against
what existing law is what it was when
Bill Clinton was president United States
and subpoenaed and what Rudy Giuliani
said he had to do we had no choice you
could also the the president can't be
indicted here we have Giuliani saying it
again but in 1998 Giuliani was telling
Charlie Rose and everybody else that
when it comes to criminal law no man is
above the law and the president United
States must be treated like every other
citizen suggesting the Bill Clinton
could and should be indicted the same
now of course with Donald J Trump
absolutely Joe look before I get to
what's left of Rudy after monster-truck
Milani had sort of ground him into the
ground let me congratulate my Washington
Capitals rock in the red this morning
who one of
Stanley Cup last night which is which is
the first time 44 years alex ovechkin
the grade 8 I'm so proud of him and so
happy for him you know aren't onto Rudi
it's a the real difficulty is telling
the difference between the the
shamelessness and the you know
incoherent bordering on some sort of
dementia and and and it's kind of
alternate you can't it's hard to tell
exactly what is what clearly he has as
Willie said he has the intention he has
he has a goal which is to play to public
opinion to try to discredit the
investigation in the process of doing it
he says all sorts of crazy things that
don't make a lot of sense that maybe
have are credible to to portions of the
base but they're simply not true and our
terrible law and you know is he doing
the president any good
on balance I certainly can't see that he
necessarily is because I think he's
preaching just to the most sort of
committed part of the of the choir who
never cracked a law book or read a page
of history and he he really does
Jonathan Lamar you also talked to Rudy
Giuliani and in your report Giuliani
revealed the legal strategy toward
Robert Muller's investigation and here's
part of it our strategy is when wearing
weren't talking we were losing Giuliani
told The Associated Press on Thursday
from Israel that's you normally in a
criminal or civil investigation the
audience would not be the public but in
this one it is the former New York City
Mayor has repeatedly say that Muller
won't criminally charge the president
they have the capacity to report and so
do we
we're reporting in real time as we go
Giuliani said so whose report will the
public accept who do they believe we're
looking to win that argument
Trump has told allies that despite some
mistakes he's glad to have Giuliani on
board as an attack dog and dominating
news coverage we need to drive the story
Giuliani said
you have to go on and be willing to take
the arrows especially if you're going to
deliver more arrows and I would point
that while he I think said some
egregious things as it pertains to the
North Korean negotiations if I were any
of the architects of that meeting I
would be livid and I would not work
another day if that guy was allowed to
speak that way but what is that about
stormy Daniels it I talked to so many
people yesterday who were so upset by
that who were immediately impacted by it
who found themselves shaken men and
women that somebody would speak about a
woman this way or or the president's
wives this way multiple and to me I
think Giuliani could be embolden
encountered Michael avenatti has another
case that he says ver is very close to
going public where there may be another
payment to another woman about an affair
that the president had so Rudy's words
which he may think when we're not
talking we're losing he may help the
president lose big time in these cases
where women were paid to be silent about
their sexual relationship with the
president paid at during the heat of a
campaign this strategy of being so
outspoken absolutely carries some risks
and you just hit upon one of them that
he is opening up the idea that other
women may come forward they may be
emboldened that he is setting up the
president you know he's setting up he
almost could have signed a lot you don't
scuttle the nuclear summit and a Korean
Peninsula for what he is sort of your
indiscipline and sort of you well not
well-thought-out remarks about that but
to the this is what the president wanted
in my piece and what inch what shannon
wrote are sort of nicely dovetail
because Giuliani is not really part of
the legal strategy he is not one in the
room dealing with Muller's team he is
the public face of this his belief is
this is not going to be tried in the
court room this is gonna be tried in the
court of public opinion that eventually
this is gonna get referred to Congress
and those lawmakers are gonna have to
make a decision do they move to try to
impeach this president and who are they
gonna listen to potentially their voters
and that's who Giuliani is trying to
influence he's trying to soften the
ground he's trying to undermine the
credibility of those bringing the case
again
Trump and he has seen a vacuum here
where he knows the special council is
operating in silence they're not
commenting on anything so Giuliani is
out there trying to set the goalpost of
this investigation
believing that you know he can then
impact public opinion in that way and we
have seen in polling as much as
Americans want the special council to
continue his mission there is a growing
number of people who believe that it is
a politicized event and you won't be
surprised I went to the special counsels
office with this with this report with
this theory that hey Rudy Giuliani can
say whatever you want because you guys
aren't going to comment and they didn't
comment you a question there's Mika
brought up as far as avenatti another
woman's going to come forward I'm gonna
come bring this back to what Giuliani
said my concern is even if there are
five more women and even if the Trump
has got a he's got to get Trump to admit
an affair what's already baked in and
unfortunately know this we know this
based on the election is that I think a
lot of this country Trump voters even
beyond go okay he has affairs we don't
care yes it's gross we don't care a
separate issue though with what Giuliani
said yes there met stormy Daniels that's
not about infidelity
that's about the denigration of women
and that basically I as a man decide
what is okay and not okay for a woman to
do for a living I as a man decide who is
good-looking who is not good-looking and
I think that hits a very different nerve
with women and this is a guy asking a
question so I don't those are both of
them are reprehensible behavior by men
but one hits a different nerve to me
with it just women and where we've come
as a society absolutely and then the
latest NBC poll we see the biggest
problem Donald Trump has is with white
college-educated women so this is going
to be you know that does have
consequences not just for the president
but also for the midterm elections when
you have the president's spokesperson
speaking like this speaking of women
like this and I do agree that is
something that could go forward but what
I just wanted to ask Jonathan was you
know you talked about Rudy wanting to
comment in real-time but the problem is
is Muller is six months ahead of
anything that the Giuliani man in fact
Giuliani or the Trump people know about
they're always
caught off guard so it seems to me that
this PR strategy could really be a big
problem since they don't know what
mullah really has right they always they
have been caught off guard as you said a
number of times already I mean that's
part of the Giuliani mission here is
they don't know what's coming so he's
trying to get out ahead of something you
have the unknown to try to muddy the
waters and that's why he can they're not
making arguments on the legal facts
they're making arguments on public
relations they're trying to undermine
the credibility of all those involved as
difficult as that is to sort of impune
the integrity if someone has
accomplished as robert muller as PR
people you know you don't go out there
unless you know the facts right well he
he's he's manipulating them Joe thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
