okay that was President Trump outside
the White House he's on his way to the
g7 members of his administration and
cabinet watching with what appears to be
concern on his faces as he goes through
about a twenty point
rant I'll try and get the list you guys
keep keep me real here he talked about
James Comey called him a disowned
dishonest man
he says the report is coming out on June
14th his birthday and he thinks it might
be a birthday present for him he says
Russia should be let back into the g7 it
should be the g8 and it was the worst
thing that he is Russia's worst
nightmare but they should be let back in
he talked about pardons he's looking at
thousands of people who wants to pardon
he is considering pardoning Muhammad Ali
interesting fact Willie though you
looked into that yes ma be necessarily
homilies conviction on draft evasion was
overturned by the Supreme Court in 1971
so it's not clear what he would burden
what he okay so he talked about pardons
a lot Kim Kardashian coming to the White
House
Kim is great he ranted on trade he
ranted against Canada he talked about
freedom of the press and that he
believes in it but he also told all
these reporters in front of him that
they report fake news he says he has the
absolute right to pardon he says scrub
scott pruett is doing a great job
he said something nonsensical about Paul
Ryan he was asked if he was gonna fire I
think it was sessions or someone just as
connected he said we'll see what happens
he said MIT Romney is a straight shooter
he talked about the Iran deal and says
since he pulled out of it Iran is now a
completely different country he said
Melania had a big operation and that she
was right there in the White House and
that she's doing great he talked about
Michael Cohen and how the feds broke
into his office and how incredible it
was that the feds broke into his office
fact-check there they did not break into
his office that's weren't accurate
correct he accused reporters again of
writing more fake stories he said Rudy
is Rudy about Rudy's disgusting comments
yesterday Rudy is great and he doesn't
disagree
with what Rudy said about porn stars Joe
I could go on that there's so much here
I we've all seen presidents come out and
saying we are keeping keeping the these
things under advisement I know but this
was this was pretty remarkable by the
way Michael Cohen himself said that his
office wasn't broken into that the FBI
treated him with great respect I I do
think it was very interesting willie
geist we also learned the president's
feelings about dennis rodman and the art
of regents and running with jeanne i he
he did he did slight LeBron James and
and others through props to Kim
Kardashian he said also very interesting
and I think this was Donald Trump
attempting to reach out to some of these
NFL players and tried to defuse that
situation but first of all he started by
attacking the NFL and those players that
wanted to kneel but then interestingly
enough said that if they knew of any of
anyone who had been unfairly treated or
been abused in the criminal justice
system to send those names to him and
actually said that these NFL players
that are protesting have quote seen a
lot of abuse and a lot of unfairness and
he would be blunt glad to consider them
for pardons so I bit Willy despite the
fact that there were all of these sort
of fog machine effects that were thrown
out there the bottom line here is the
huge headline is that this president
this American president who spent the
past week attacking Canada attacking
France attacking Germany attacking our
closest allies in the g7 actually did
the bidding for Vladimir Putin's Russia
suggesting that they be admitted back
into the g7 and turn it back to the g8
despite the fact that they've invaded
Ukraine and they've invaded Georgia they
are poisoning dissidents on our allies
soil
and are doing absolutely nothing to
justify their readmit ins into the g7
yes that will be the massive take away
here the president was almost indignant
asking the question why shouldn't Russia
be at this meeting in Canada the answer
the question is they were thrown out of
the g8 because they annex Crimea and
that's why President Obama and others
the members of the g8 said you can't be
a part of our group if you're if you're
gonna do things like that and it's only
gotten worse as you point out since then
for Russia let's go to NBC News national
correspondent Peter Alexander who you
saw and asking many of the questions in
that extraordinary press gathering there
Peter Russia will be the headline
president Trump out suggesting and
actually asking that rush should be
readmitted and to make the g7 once again
the g8 yeah there will you're exactly
right his exact language was why are we
having this meeting without Russia he
said we have a world to run this was
obviously a striking comment as he heads
into this g7 where there is already
significant tension over trade over a
variety of other issues certainly the
way that hit this president has
conducted himself in his relationship as
it relates to other foreign leaders and
here he is now again clashing with
allies in Europe and Asia suggesting
that Russia and Vladimir Putin should be
really back in just to add to that
laundry list of sort of headlines that
we saw here and I was among those
they're probably three of us peppering
him with questions you could hear him
sort of shouting me out calling me fake
news at one point as he was discussing
preparation saying that I never said I I
wasn't prepared i firm prepared for this
my whole life he said on Scott Pruett
interestingly the EPA Administrator he
said that he is doing a good job but he
also said he's not blameless I was
struck by what he said about Mitt Romney
he said he's a straight shooter when he
was when we said to him well Mitt Romney
said you were a conman just a couple of
years ago he said well I like what he's
saying right now I mean this was this is
President Trump at his finest in effect
in his own eyes where he just throws all
sorts of little grenades all over the
place and has everybody chased but I
think Russia will certainly be the
headline out of his remarks tonight
Peter I know you got to run thanks so
much for checking in with us
for that gaggle appreciate it thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
