there will be more parties I thought
Alice yesterday was beautiful I thought
Jack Johnson which was recommended by
Sylvester Stallone and seven great boxes
I thought Jack Johnson was the great one
I'm thinking about somebody that you all
know very well and he went through a lot
and he wasn't very popular then nosy and
he wasn't very populist and no I'm not
sick stood about OJ but he's not only
you could say Oh Jeff but he was he was
not very popular then he certainly his
memory is very popular now I'm thinking
about Muhammad Ali
I'm thinking about that very seriously
and some others and some folks that have
sentences that aren't there but I am
thinking about Muhammad Ali fact we're
doing right now recommendations on you
know frankly we're doing recommendations
on MA
Fayette readers what
no no I'm not a plumber
I never want anybody to be above the law
but the partners are very positive thing
for president I think you see the way
I'm using them and yes I do have an
absolute right to pardon myself but I'll
never have to do it because I didn't do
anything wrong
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
