so some very sad breaking news coming in
right now CNN is reporting that Anthony
Bourdain has died according to that
report the emmy-winning host committed
suicide he was 61 years old and Bourdain
was in France when his close friend
found him unresponsive in his hotel room
Friday morning now this of course comes
on the heels of designer Kate Spade
suicide earlier this week and it also
comes as suicide rates are up by 30
percent across the country according to
new data from the CDC researchers found
that nearly every state saw an increase
in suicides the only state without an
increase was Nevada which already had
the highest rate in the country it's so
important if you or someone you know and
love is struggling with suicidal
thoughts the National Suicide Prevention
lifeline is available 24 hours a day
seven days a week
always for you the number is
1-877-443-6276
mental health of those who live here you
just don't know what people are carrying
around with them whatever they project
publicly whatever they project when you
see them or meet them you don't know
what they're carrying around in that
stat that you just pointed to it's on
the front page the New York Times did a
study that came out two days after the
death of Kate Spade that in 2016 there
were twice as many suicides in America
than there were homicides twice as many
and Anthony Bourdain is a guy Joe who I
had on my Sunday show we did a profile
he took me out for a day in Queens to
his favorite joints we went to a food
truck a taco truck we went to a Korean
barbecue place and I can't think of
anybody more full of life in that
setting but it goes to your point that
you don't know what's happening in the
darkness of your private life and I'm
just so sad for him he was such a such a
force and such a smart and funny and
flawed guy and was so open about his
flaws this is a this is a really big
loss this morning and with Anthony
Bourdain well I guess and it is because
Willie said like cancer depression and
other mental health challenges are so
often hidden and and again it's the most
important thing to tell people this
morning that that we tell our loved ones
that everybody that everybody should
tell their loved ones is that you need
to talk about it you need to confront it
head-on and you need to seek help you
know it was so long in this country
certainly when we were growing up this
is something that people didn't talk
about right this is something we need to
talk about today with suicide rates
going up we need to confront it head-on
and we need to have that discussion and
you're talking about one of many
diagnosed mental illnesses which are
very real and very prevalent across the
country another thing to put in here
though is the need to stay connected
with people that you love because a look
at the suicide data from 96 through 2016
in the front page of the New York Times
report found that 54% of the people who
killed themselves did not
have a previously known mental health
issue and instead had other contributing
factors including relationship stress
substance abuse and financial problems
and so we're dealing with kind of two
different problems the prevalence of
mental health issues and understanding
them and learning about them and
bringing them out of the shadows so that
people can be connected and help each
other and understand what they're seeing
but also staying connected with the
people you love the people you care
about because I think we can be so
disconnected given technology and the
way we travel and move around so much
that you don't notice when someone is
struggling and you don't meet if you
want to know how powerful depression is
anti Bourdin like Kate Spade has a young
daughter she's either 10 or 11 I think
and I thought about her immediately
because when I interviewed him he talked
about how she had changed him and
changed his life he'd been very open
about how he lived out loud and it
struggles with drugs and alcohol through
the years but this beautiful young girl
changed him and he talked about cooking
in the kitchen and she was his best chef
and that just tells you the power of
depression that you can think it better
to leave this world than to stay in it
with someone you love so much Anthony
Bourdain was 61 we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
