first reported by The Washington Post
but not confirmed by NBC News before
Saudi journalist Jamal Kosh ecology
disappeared last week at the Saudi
consulate in Turkey US intelligence
intercepted communications from Saudi
officials describing how the powerful
Saudi Crown Prince wanted to kidnap the
prominent critic and Washington Post
columnist and get him back to Saudi
Arabia now Turkish officials say they
have evidence that after Khashoggi
entered the Saudi consulate in Istanbul
he was met by a 15 member Saudi hit
squad and eventually murdered NBC News's
Josh Letterman reporting exclusively
today by Kakashi
checked his cell phone just before
entering the consulate but never read
the messages sent to him minutes later
this according to these screenshots of
messages sent to kesaji by a friend in
the US and obtained by NBC News joining
me now is senator bob Corker chairman of
the Foreign Relations Committee senator
thank you very much for joining us
and you've been expressing concerns your
committee with only one dissenting
member bipartisan call on the white
house under the Magnitsky act which
triggers an automatic investigation by
the administration by the President of
the United States to see if a foreign
government to see who may have caused
the disappearance of this prominent
dissident a critic of the regime you
said today to the press that you think
that that you think he may have been
killed
do you have what is your reason for that
suspicion yeah so first of all Andrea
always good to be with you look at
everything points to that being the case
I hope that I am wrong and I hope he
turns up healthy in some other part of
the world but I mean everything that
I've read both Intel wise and just I'm
aware of makes me think that the
likelihood is that he's been murdered
and and everything points at this
juncture to Saudi Arabia but you know
Andrea in the world that you're very
familiar with things can be murky and
and who knows if this was set up by
someone else to make it appear this way
but right now everything would point to
Saudi Arabia and everything would point
to the fact that unfortunately it would
appear that he's been murdered but again
I hope he shows up someplace there are
some reports that that Turkish officials
may have had some listening devices
inside that consulate and may actually
have heard what transpired and heard him
being killed that is a report not that
we have not confirmed have you heard
anything like that or seen anything like
I have not you know I've been down in
the skiff for the last couple days the
Intel yeah right just reading the the
Intel that we have I have not read and I
had obviously couldn't share it but I've
not read anything of that sort I have
heard of this reporting just just
recently but I don't know what I don't
know whether it's true or not what I
found Andrea I talked to the immediately
called the ambassador here who I just
met with a couple weeks ago and shared
with them how bad relations were on the
hill towards towards Saudi Arabia for
multiple reasons I called them
immediately when we found that this
journalist was missing and he shared
with me that the video equipment inside
the consulate only livestreams that
doesn't record which is a ridiculous
ridiculous statement so I mean you've
been it's just not poi it works so again
awfully fishy responsibly betray can I
just share with our viewers something
that you know very well that he is the
younger brother of the powerful Crown
Prince he is also a son of the king and
he this ambassador whom you say you
talked to who gave you this fishery
response is the younger brother of the
crown prince who is in some quarters by
Turkish officials being accused of
having somehow been behind the foul play
yeah yeah that's correct now there is
another theory that we've seen video
that Turkish authorities have shared
with us and with others they put it out
on Turkish television this video shows
men allegedly in a Saudi hit squad
landing in two planes that morning then
kesaji going into the consulate after
these men left their hotel he goes into
the consulate he's never seen again
our Josh Letterman today exclusively has
cell phone texts whatsapp text showing
that he did not respond after a certain
hour when he went in so either the phone
was turned over or he has not been back
on that cell phone we don't know about
other cell phones that he may have had
all of this adding up to the possibility
that perhaps this was supposed to be a
rendition that that's what they
intercept did communicate and something
went awry that is you know very possible
you know I was just down in Venezuela as
you know and while I was there a young
councilman if you will who the
Venezuelan people the government thought
was involved in the attempted
assassination he unfortunately while I
was there was I don't know whether he
was being tortured or what happened but
he ended up dead they say he jumped
freely out of a 10-story window you know
did that happen or was he tortured and
it went wrong so when you get into these
renditions issues and I'm not saying
that renditions necessarily was what
happened was happening with Venezuela
things can go to can people can people
end up perishing sometimes and people go
too far again I don't know this is all
conjecture I have no idea the only thing
I do know is that everything would point
at this time to Saudi rate Saudi Arabia
for some whatever happened being
responsible for this person and if he is
someplace renditioned certainly they
need to bring him forth but otherwise it
does appear that he's been murdered and
I think over the the neck
several days things are going become
much clearer and one very quick question
we only have a few seconds left do you
believe that if US intelligence had
actually heard these intercepts that he
should they should have warned him that
they had an obligation to warn him that
he was in danger yeah so I don't want to
speak so much to that I mean that's
obviously in a classified area but let's
say that even what you were saying was
the possibility then the question would
be when did they know and they might
have just known you know after if they
did know they might well they might have
just known right before it happened
right so so I don't I can't say today
that US officials had a responsibility
again I think that also will become
clear over the next several days thank
you so much Center thank you hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
