well how much damage how much damage can
Rudy Guiliani do to Donald Trump that is
the question that many in the Trump
White House have been quietly asking
since Rudy Giuliani became president
Trump's TV lawyer going to war with the
special prosecutor and the porn star now
the question of the Trump White House
has expanded to how much damage can Rudy
Giuliani do to the world after Rudy
Giuliani traveled to Israel this week
for a paid speaking engagements in which
he created a major problem for the
President and the Secretary of State
with North Korea and while he was at it
Rudy Giuliani made comments about the
first lady in Israel in which he
compared her along with the rest of
Donald Trump's wives to a porn star the
first lady's office issued a rebuke to
Rudy Giuliani today in a statement to
the New York Times which we'll get to in
a moment today the Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo had to defuse what Rudy
Giuliani said about North Korea in the
middle of all those things that Rudy
Giuliani said about the president's
wives and the pornstar stormy Daniels
original eonni offered his audience in
Israel and through the news media around
the world a graphic imaginary
description of North Korea's dictator
Kim Jong bum well somehow he cancels the
summit because they insulted the vice
president to have a summit under those
circumstances well Kim Jung on
back on his hands and knees and beg for
which is exactly the position you want
to put him in got back on his hands and
knees and begged for it the position you
want to put him in this from a man who
within minutes of that graphic if not
pornographic description said this he
didn't mean that thing about the hands
and knees in the begging in a
pornographic way kim jung-han on his
hands and knees and beg for which is
exactly the position you want to put him
in and so now the question is did that
sound like a joke to you he didn't get
any laughs when he said that but today
Mike Pompeo said that he thought Rudy
Giuliani said that in jest and then the
Secretary of State told the world this
about the president's TV lawyer Bree
doesn't speak for the administration
when it comes to this negotiation in
this set of issues and not long after
that today Melania Trump told the world
the same thing about Rudy Giuliani he
does not speak for her Maggie Haberman
of the mayor of Times tweeted this
afternoon yikes I asked FLOTUS
spokeswoman Stephanie Grisham about
Giuliani saying that she believes her
husband gray stormy Daniels response
I don't believe mrs. Trump has ever
discussed her thoughts on anything with
mr. Giuliani which brings us to the
president and the porn star and all the
president's wives and all of Rudy
Giuliani's wives
thanks to Rudy Giuliani the person who
is supposed to be defending the
president on TV not creating new
problems and horrors for the first lady
on TV which Rudy Giuliani has now done
let's review what Rudy Giuliani said
about all that yesterday in Israel
beginning with Rudy Giuliani's slightly
confused personal relationship with porn
okay so which is it I don't really look
at porn or I don't look at porn because
I don't really look at porn really
sounds like a Hollywood vegetarian at an
in-n-out burger drive-through saying I
don't really eat meat while they're
waiting for a double-double and viewers
note here I apologize for the
pornographic sound of the menu item
double-double but that is a real menu
choice at in-n-out burger but even
though Rudy Guiliani has developed some
major credibility problems in defending
the president let's just this once
take Rudy Giuliani at his word that he
does not enjoy pornography as much as
the billions of people in the world who
have made pornography one-third of
Internet content let's just assume that
Rudy Giuliani sticks religiously to the
other two-thirds of the Internet and he
really is poor no a poor no folk if
that's true it's a good thing Rudy
Giuliani was not on Twitter today which
was filled and I mean filled with naked
pictures of the first lady from her
modeling career all provoked by Rudy
Giuliani talking about women selling
their bodies women selling their bodies
for exploitation in porn which of course
includes still photography of naked
women that is how porn was born
photographs of naked women so when Rudy
Giuliani attacked women in porn like
stormy Daniels that unleashed more naked
pictures of the first lady than anyone
has ever seen on Twitter today here's
what he said that provoked that I'm
sorry I don't respect a porn star the
way I respect a career woman or a woman
of substance
and as a person and isn't going to sell
her body for sexual exploitation Rudy
Giuliani's been around enough to know
that there's more than one way for a
woman to sell her body for sexual
exploitation here's a question Rudy
Guiliani will never be asked by the
people he allows to interview him when
you were mayor of New York and you were
having an affair during your second
marriage which began as an affair during
your first marriage when you were mayor
of New York and you were having that
affair with your press secretary was she
selling her body for sexual exploitation
because you were paying her and you were
having sex with her was that press
secretary someone Rudy Giuliani
considers the kind of career woman he
respects or was she the kind of career
woman Rudy Giuliani says he does not
respect now I wouldn't be bringing any
of this up tonight if Rudy Giuliani did
not decide to do something that Donald
Trump has never done Donald Trump has
never once said one word of denial about
having sex with storming daniels a lot
of the news media gets this very wrong
all the time but the truth is Donald
Trump has never ever denied having sex
with stormy gals and so Rudy Giuliani
was telling a lie in Israel when he said
that Melania Trump believes her husband
that he did not have sex with snore
McDaniels and we know it's a lie for two
reasons first of all Donald Trump has
never publicly said that he did not have
sex with stormy Daniels and today
Melania Trump said through her
spokesperson that she has never spoken
to Rudy Giuliani about this or anything
else let's just now watch the ease with
which Rudy Giuliani's very very loose
brain shifts from something true to
something false in a second watch how
quickly Rudy Giuliani goes from saying I
can't speak for Melania which is true he
cannot speak for Melania watch how
quickly he goes from saying I can't
speak from
- I can speak for Milania can't speak
for husband she knows it's not true now
that might be the 74 year old brain of
Rudy Guiliani in serious neurological
decline or it might simply be Rudy
Giuliani the pathological liar at work
and he wasn't finished he actually asked
us all asked us all to look at and
compare all of Donald Trump's wives to a
porn star now imagine what we would be
hearing from the White House and from
Republicans tonight if Samantha bee had
done that compared the president's three
wives to a porn star only Rudy Giuliani
has done that and with that the defense
rested the president's TV lawyer finally
put down his microphone and rested his
case in Israel and that night later that
night
now that he's in the middle of his third
divorce proceeding and shopping for the
fourth mrs. Giuliani he rested this way
at a restaurant in Israel
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
