all right thanks to you at home for
joining us this hour super happy to have
you here when you ask questions it turns
out when things that previously have
been done in the dark are forced into
the light that makes stuff happen
there's there's something about the
effect of sunlight there's something
about the public disclosure of
previously secret maneuverings that
makes stuff happen that that that sets
things in motion you know you turn on
the light you ever lived in an apartment
or a house that like had bugs I was like
I had once was renting an apartment in
San Francisco and I had signed the
contract like I was ready to move in and
I brought over a friend of Mike's I was
so excited about this new apartment and
I brought my friend over and I was like
let's you know get some burritos and
I'll go over and we haven't moved in yet
but I signed the contract were gonna
move in on the next few days I'll show
you the place we walked in it was
nighttime flipped on the light roaches
and they ran for the corners and I got
out of that contract and I did not move
into that apartment
but my friend never wanted to go
anywhere he didn't with me any again and
I learned about that old anecdote that
you know you flip on the lights and
stuff scatters that works in the news
too
and we keep seeing that dynamic again
and again of people flipping on the
switch and the bugs scattering and in
today's news it has it has really become
one of the most interesting things that
has happened yet in this whole scandal
I'll tell you about how the dynamics
been working just two or three weeks ago
we had this startling revelation in the
New York Times that related to one of
the people who is a cooperating witness
in the special counsels investigation
he's actually the only person we know of
who has been granted immunity in
exchange for his cooperation with Robert
Muller and the special counsels office
his name is George Nader he has multiple
criminal convictions in multiple
countries including for child
pornography and child molestation but he
has nevertheless turned up multiple
times in the Trump White House he's
turned up in this photo with Donald
Trump and he turns up again and again
and again in Trump Tower and interacting
with Trump campaign official
in meetings that would later come under
scrutiny by the special counsels office
as the special council looks at links
between the Trump campaign and Russia's
attack on the 2016 election so a couple
of weeks ago we learned in the New York
Times that that guy Jorge Nader was in
attendance at a previously unreported
meeting that happened at Trump Tower in
New York three months before the 2016
election at that meeting according to
The Times is reporting a foreign company
pitched the Trump campaign on what would
be a foreign funded social media
manipulation campaign which they were
offering to mount in the United States
in order to help Trump win the election
so that was a fascinating obviously very
troubling revelation any effort like
that of course would be illegal on a
whole bunch of different grounds it
would be a foreign expenditure using
foreign workers to manipulate the
American electorate somehow in ways to
benefit a US presidential candidate with
the knowledge of the u.s. presidential
candidate since that was his campaign
being pitched on this this proposal so
it was amazing reporting by The Times
very disturbing revelation the name of
the company that reportedly pitched that
seemingly illegal plan to the Trump
campaign three months before the
election was company called Sai group
psy psy group but it's interesting by
the time we read the name of that
company in The New York Times but the
time we learned about that scheme in the
New York Times just a couple of weeks
ago
the Sai group was long gone
apparently agents working for the
special counsels office in February had
stopped the founder of that firm the guy
who had been at that meeting supposedly
pitching that plan to the Trump campaign
they stopped him at an airport in
Washington DC they questioned him and
quote briefly seized his electronic
devices they later brought him before
the grand jury and and that attention
those questions to that businessman
about whatever he was doing with that
firm those questions had consequences he
got stopped in February they checked his
electronic devices they brought him
before the grand jury
simultaneously FBI agents working with
Moeller's team turned up at the side
group turned up at the firm and started
talking to employees
also reportedly subpoena bank records
for the firm and you push that stuff out
into the light you start asking those
questions
it makes stuff happen what did the firm
do right after those approaches from the
special counsel's office they decided
that they would disappear February 25th
the firm CEO informs its employees that
the company is disappearing it will be
shutting to him so by the time that
whole new part of the Moller
investigation that we didn't know about
before by the time it made it into the
New York Times a couple of weeks ago
The Times was only able to report that
that company is quote in liquidation
yeah Moeller started asking around they
decided to disappear you start asking
questions stuff happens right things get
forced into the light stuff happens this
week we learned that it had happened
again in a very similar fashion but with
a different foreign firm this time it
was Cambridge analytic ah which was the
data firm that was hired by the Trump
campaign they've since gotten themselves
into a million different kinds of
trouble last year we learned that molars
investigators had started looking at
Cambridge analytic evade asked the firm
to hand over communications hand over
emails from their employees The Wall
Street Journal reported that Cambridge
analytic aah
had been in touch with WikiLeaks
offering help in distributing democratic
documents during the campaign that had
been stolen by Russia well in March of
this year reporters started tracking
down yet another scandal about the firm
the story of the firm using its own
stolen data tens of millions of private
profiles that they stole off Facebook
without consent and used to build
basically the spine of their operation
as a company reporters started asking
around about that in March well this
week the Financial Times and Britain
reports that those questions that
reporters were asking about that scandal
those questions caused two things to
happen at that firm number one according
to the Financial Times those questions
from reporters about that data scandal
caused the Cambridge analytic a CEO to
withdraw eight million dollars in cash
from the company and to take it home and
number two that started the process of
the company starting to
disappear the company does still appear
to be in trouble the CEO appears to
still be in trouble the questions of
what exactly that company did for the
Trump campaign and whether it was part
of a foreign influence operation those
remain open questions in terms of the
Moller investigation but reporters
pressing that firm on those questions
appear to have caused that firm to
disappear Cambridge analytic has shut
itself down they technically no longer
exist we see this dynamic again and
again with all these mysterious entities
that have been operating in the dark
somebody walks into the room flips on
the light switch things change when they
get pushed into the light when people
start asking questions
stuff happens today we obtain the
transcript of a court hearing that took
place yesterday in federal court in New
York City it's a court case involving
Eliot Brody deputy finance chair of the
RNC until recently when he resigned in a
sketchy hush money scandal that
supposedly involved him paying off a
mistress who got pregnant but oddly for
that transaction mr. Brody chose to use
Donald Trump's hush money to the
mistress lawyer as well as Donald
Trump's other hush money to the mistress
lawyer and he also used Donald Trump's
pseudonym Donald Trump's own pseudonym
from his other hush money to the
mistress cases why was that Brady using
all Donald Trump's stuff for his own
mistress case then as soon as anybody
inquired about this unusual very Donald
Trump like mistress hush money deal mr.
Brody issued an over-the-top Mia culpa
he came clean about everything and you
instantly resigned from the RNC someday
we will finally figure out what actually
happened there and it's going to be an
amazing story so it's like you it is it
is not that particular one is not an
amazing story that I'm looking forward
to seeing the movie of that's when I
would prefer to read and print but
someday we will we will get that full
story and Elliott broidy's troubles
extend well beyond that literally
unbelievable mistress controversy which
supposedly is what ended his time as the
deputy finance chairman of the National
Republican Party mr. Brody was also the
business partner of George George nadir
who is that
cooperating witness in the Moller
investigation the one who's cooperating
in exchange for immunity
mr. brody is also caught up in a number
of different scandals involving alleged
influence peddling on behalf of foreign
interests including clients in in
Malaysia and in United Arab Emirates and
in other countries as part of that drama
in federal court yesterday a judge
ordered effectively the disclosure to
the court of who the nation of Qatar
secretly had working for them in this
country and that that ruling yesterday
in federal court in New York led to this
dramatic headline today at Politico key
figures sever ties with Qatar it's also
led at least one American who's caught
up in the scandal about unregistered
foreign agents involving Elliott Brody
it's caused at least one American to
announce today that whatever work he
might have done with Qatar before he's
not doing it anymore
and by the way on Friday he's going to
retroactively Lee register as a foreign
agent so what's the overall story with
these other flows of foreign money
involving these Gulf states and the
Moller investigation looking into that
what's the relationship between this
cascade of Elliott Brody scandals and
the cooperation of Elliott Brody's
business partner with the Moller
investigation and we don't we don't know
yet we don't have the answers to those
questions yet but asking questions about
it
forcing this stuff into the light is
making stuff happen we got this amazing
statement tonight from Joey Elle ahem
who was the guy who's being forced out
into the open by the court in terms of
his relationship with Qatar thanks to
this Elliott Brody lawsuit mr. Elohim
told us tonight quote so I don't know if
I ever was a so-called legal agent of
Qatar but I do know that as of Friday
I'm not anything with them that is a
Friday he will retro actively have had
nothing to do with them he will also
register as their foreign agent now
Mr Al ahem also tells us tonight that
his sudden abandonment of Qatar has
nothing to do at all with that court
hearing yesterday but the judge
yesterday did order him to respond to a
subpoena in this case
and when you ask questions stuff happens
when stuff is forced into the light
stuff happens when quartz forced the
disclosure of previously secret dynamics
stuff happens and we have seen this over
and over and over again in Trump
administration scandals let me talk
about hush money it randomly was the
stormy Daniels hush money lawsuit that
brought about the exposure of all those
mysterious payments that had been made
to President Trump's personal lawyer
Michael Cohen those mysterious payments
to Michael Cohen from all sorts of
unexpected sources
it was the stormy Daniels lawsuit that
showed us how we how the the the
pharmaceutical firm Novartis and and how
the giant telecom firm AT&T had
apparently put Michael Cohen on their
corporate payrolls to the tune of tens
of thousand dollars a month a month and
they were very apparently quite happy to
have him on the payroll right up until
the moment that those payments got
exposed because of the stormy Daniels
lawsuit that exposure to the light
suddenly made Novartis Pharmaceuticals
and AT&T both decide that those payments
to Michael Cohen had been a mistake the
public exposure of those payments led
AT&T to fire their chief lobbyist led
Novartis to fire their general counsel
none of that would have happened had
that not been pushed out into the life
they had Michael Cohen on the payroll it
wasn't a secret to them it's only when
it stopped being a secret to us that all
of a sudden they decided it was a bad
idea and that people had to go we see
this dynamic at work over and over again
in and on almost every element of the
scandals that swirl around this
administration in this president but now
tonight it is maybe my most favorite one
yet I mean we've seen all along
reporters start asking questions FBI
agents start asking question when it
starts to look like things are gonna get
exposed in court all of a sudden people
change you know people realize they need
to register as a foreign agents people
separate themselves from countries they
used to work for whole companies
disappear into thin air corporations
that can't really disappear into thin
air suddenly decide to become much more
critical of their own behavior behavior
they didn't previously see as a problem
they start firing their executives to
try to make the problem go away to try
to
make themselves look like they recognize
their mistake well this the the latest
iteration of this dynamic in the era of
Trump administration scandals the latest
one that has just happened today may be
like the apex example of that dynamic at
work this is courtesy of reporter
Christina Wilkie at CNBC quote as Robert
Muller looks ever more closely at
President Donald Trump's foreign
business ties one former associate has
remained outside the spotlight despite
playing a key role in Trump's quest for
real estate deals in the former Soviet
Union architect John fodi Attis designed
some of trumps most ambitious luxury
developments there fodi Addison's work
offers a witness a window into Trump's
dealings in the complex opaque world of
Eurasian real estate today several of
these projects are reportedly under
scrutiny by the special counsel who's
investigating Russian meddling in the
2016 election and any means by which
Moscow might have exerted influence over
Trump or his campaign including through
business deals after McClatchy reported
in April that Moeller's probe was
looking more closely at people involved
in Trump's business dealings in Georgia
Kazakhstan and Russia and after CNBC
received a tip that architect fodi Addis
had had worked on several Trump projects
in Eurasia CNBC reached out to mr. fody
Attis on April 11th for comment about
his work this is the amazing party ready
they reach out to him on April 11th Quo
Vadis
did not respond to a call or to an email
but eight hours later he announced on
Twitter that he was closing his
architecture firm after 10 years in
business a few days later he closed down
the Twitter account that he had used to
announce that he was closing down his
architecture firm by the end of the week
all the content from his professional
web site including his entire
international architecture portfolio had
been removed from the web also gone was
any reference to the two overseas
branches of his architectural firm that
he had opened in Georgia and in Ukraine
mr. fodi Addis has still not answered
repeated calls emails or text messages
from CNBC with questions about his work
in Eurasia
or about why he's so suddenly shuddered
his company
he's also declined comment on whether he
has been contacted by contacted by
anyone from Robert Miller's office
investigators asking questions judges
demanding disclosure reporters poking
around looking at stuff looking stuff up
being nosy following leads making calls
that's what makes the world go round
that's what makes my world go round at
least I mean those those things can
cause amazing stuff to happen in the
world but to make an entire
architectural firm disappear with one
phone call that is an amazing trick CNBC
just disappeared
Donald Trump's longtime architect and
his entire international architecture
firm with a single phone call that's a
trick that reporter joins us you're next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
