thing one tonight Mike Pence the radio
talk show host who became vice president
to the reality television host has
perfected the art of standing behind the
president in every possible way
like reek to Ramsay Bolton Mike Pence's
loyalty to president Trump knows no
bounds you can even see it in his eyes
this jane mayer describes it pence looks
at trump with quote a devotional gaze
rarely seen since the days of Nancy
Reagan and it's starting to get weird
like this scene yesterday one we just
didn't build a new strategic plan it's
not just a plan for feet it's a plan for
the whole community what was that about
did you see that the bazzara water
bottle situation when pence and Donald
Trump that's thing too in 60 seconds so
yesterday afternoon this happened in the
middle of a meeting with FEMA President
Trump took his water bottle off the
table and inexplicably put it on the
floor only for Mike Pence to immediately
pick up his water bottle and do the
exact same thing it's unclear why the
president did that and really unclear
what the vice president immediately
mimicked it but it was definitely
strange and slightly creepy but we know
President Trump has a weird thing about
water we've seen it many times
there was this performance in the
campaign trail mocking his primary
opponent Marco Rubio who's famously had
his own difficulties with water bottles
and of course there was a time Trump
paused for a drink in the myth - the
speech on national security and needed
both hands to lift the tiny little cup
from the lectern pause the speech for a
sip and somehow it went even worse
17,000 jobs thank you they don't have
water that's okay
what he did one hand that one but all
that is better than what happened when
the president's throat was dry or so the
White House said let us rethink old
assumptions and open our hearts and
minds who god bless the United States
thank you very much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
