so here's a fun fact about the President
of the United States he has a thing for
asbestos not a thing against asbestos
that would be normal no Trump appears to
be a fan of the stuff that
environmentalists say kills 12 to 15
thousand people a year in the United
States alone in a 1997 book Donald Trump
claimed asbestos is quote 100% safe once
applied even suggesting the push to
remove the known carcinogen from
buildings was just a mob scam I'm
quoting here led by the mob because it
was often mob related companies that
would do the asbestos removal Trump's
stance is almost certainly related to
the cost that real estate developers
like himself might have had to pay for
asbestos removal but defending the honor
of deadliest
to be something of a life's work for the
man we entered this testimony before
Congress from 2005 and you really have
to hear it to believe it in New York
City we have a lot of asbestos buildings
and there's a whole debate about
asbestos I mean a lot of people could
say that if the World Trade Center had
asbestos it wouldn't have burned down it
wouldn't have melted okay a lot of
people think asbestos a lot of people in
my industry think asbestos is the
greatest fireproofing material ever ever
made and I can tell you that I've seen
tests of asbestos versus the the new
material that's being used and it's not
even a contest like a heavyweight
champion against a lightweight from high
school but in your great wisdom you
folks have said asbestos is a horrible
material so it has to be removed the
World Trade Center might still be
standing if only asbestos so what do you
think happened when the guy who
absolutely loves asbestos and wants to
defend its honor from the insults of
environmentalists what happens when he
becomes president states I'll give you a
hint it involves the cartoonishly
corrupt head of the EPA Scott Pruett
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
