on Donald Trump is under investigation
for obstruction of justice to several of
trumps former aides have pled guilty or
been charged with crimes related to
obstruction like lying to the feds three
the man who literally ran Trump's
campaign was accused this week of
witness tampering one of the more
serious ways to obstruct any Pro for Bob
Muller is finding new leads in his probe
by looking through witnesses phones and
reading their once encrypted messages
and then five one of the most powerful
people in Trump's orbit is sean hannity
conservative activists and TV host who
reportedly speaks to trump daily and one
is one of the only other clients has
Trump's embattled lawyer Michael Cohen
take that all in right now those five
facts because they make what we're about
to show you
especially legally significant I don't
mean this as some sort of media
commentary story I mean this as a story
about what's coming out of the Trump
White House because that same
influential man Sean Hannity is now
literally telling potential witnesses
and subjects in the Malheur probe to
destroy the evidence and hammer their
phones into pieces they're demanding
that witnesses turn in their phones
follow Hillary Clinton's lead delete all
your emails and then acid-wash the
emails and hard drives on the new phones
then take your phones and bash them with
a hammer to little itsy-bitsy pieces the
Hannity's defenders make all that
sarcasm or poetic license but words are
words Sean Hannity lives off his words
and we all know they have a huge impact
and another way to understand those
words why this is such an important
story tonight if anyone actually does
what Sean Hannity says they're they'd be
committing a crime if Sean Hannity were
their lawyer and told them to do what he
could be disbarred or even charged this
is what's going on in the country right
now as Muller gets closer to potential
targets this is not a drill and this is
not just any random commentator people
around Donald
from may reasonably and logically
perceive that those words that what Sean
Hannity is saying is effectively
speaking on behalf of Trump now Donald
Trump not only channels the Fox News
Channel he recruits from it hiring staff
hiring criminal defense lawyers right
off the screen and now there are new
reports the Trump might try to hire Fox
personality Jeanine Pirro
to take measures at the Justice
Department that his current appointees
will not take political reporting that
this is a serious process with an
interview for her for top jobs at DOJ
and even potentially including a path to
being Bob Miller's boss let me say that
again
a path to being Bob Miller's boss now
while Pierrot is a lawyer legal experts
know she has far less federal experience
than most top DOJ officials do in either
party and either administrations and she
has a far more questionable background
for the kind of public partisanship and
conspiracy theorizing that typically in
any other administration tends to
disqualify people from law enforcement
posts this is a fishing expedition dirt
started really bad with Jim Comey he
turned into a political whore this guy
McCabe needs to be taken out in cuffs
Hillary Clinton build making money on
the deal Obama and the Clintons sold us
out look these people belong in jail who
lock her out tonight Trump's actual
employee Rudy Giuliani is pushing a
conspiracy theory that Miller will frame
or trap Donald Trump the exact angle
Hannity has been pushing Muller is
laying a huge perjury trap for the
President of the United States with
special counsels obsessive determination
to set a perjury trap for president
Trump now I would argue he would be
stepping right into a perjury trap the
only point of a presidential interview
is to set a perjury trap take it all in
take it in together you know one of the
common critiques about Donald Trump is
that he lives in a TV world and acts
like the reality show star he once was
now that critique seems to assume that
there
our limits to his approach and that when
it makes contact with the real world
he'll suffer but Donald Trump is
president this Congress rarely stands up
to him so if he does empower enough
people from Fox News and hire enough
people from Fox News and maybe someday
Donald Trump won't actually be the odd
man out anymore the Justice Department
itself could be run by TV performers and
the show will be in charge of reality
I'm joined by former Watergate special
prosecutor Nick Ackerman former federal
prosecutor Joyce Van Santen Hacha
Bertrand who's covering the Miller probe
for the Atlantic Nick do you see this as
something larger than a story about a
loud commentator an entertainer if you
will but rather a story about the
thinking in the White House and the way
they're approaching this probe
yeah I think the thinking in the White
House is to tamper with witnesses what
Sean Hannity admitted to and actually
was enticing people to do and asking
them to do was to destroy evidence which
is a violation of the witness tampering
statute it's not just people who destroy
the evidence but it's also people who
actually ask others to do it I mean if
you just look at the language of the
statute whoever knowingly persuades
another person or attempts to do so with
intent to cause or induce any person to
alter destroy mutilate or conceal an
object with intent to impair the
object's integrity or availability for
use in an official proceeding commits a
20-year felony he's doing it on TV we
have a rash of witness tampering going
on right now we've got it with with
Manta Ford who's gonna have to answer to
this tomorrow before a judge and may go
straight to jail as a result we have it
with Donald Trump who's making up the
story for Don jr. that can be used by
Don jr. and others to make a false story
over the June 9th meeting this is all
witness tampering this is a crime that
didn't even exist back in the Watergate
days this is a crime that has been
separated out of what was a five-year
felony that Congress has now made
a much more serious crime with a
punishment of up to 20 years Joyce let
me play for you a little more of Shawn
handy because of course there's a wide
berth for free speech for sarcasm for
jokes for all of that kind of thing and
yet this does come in a context in a
week of the actual tampering that's
going on in the dough really I would say
to some degree unprecedented language
from a White House not saying Oh Donald
Trump's innocent but rather he can
obstruct what he wants which gets very
close to an environment of obstruction
encouragement here was Hannity last
night talking about removing SIM cards
and using bleach bit use bleach pit
remove the SIM cards and then take the
pieces and hand it over to robert muller
and say Hillary Rodham Quinton Clinton
this is equal justice under the law
Joyce Kennedy seems to be well-versed in
how to wipe out a phone so I guess if I
were Bob molar I might have some some
questions for him about what he's been
doing to his own devices but look this
is reprehensible conduct no responsible
person on television no responsible
so-called journalist should be
advocating for people to destroy
evidence in a serious federal
investigation it's reprehensible it is
sadly more of what we've come to expect
from the people that this president
surrounds himself with one would hope
that Fox would perhaps
impose some sanctions on hannity for
this conduct but I don't think that
we'll see him prosecuted federal
prosecutors give people a very wide
berth on First Amendment related conduct
and so unless there's something more
specific to link it up I think that this
will be what we often categorize as
awful but lawful conduct right and
Natasha I'm not suggesting here that
these words alone constitute a crime
although that would be a pretty low bar
for discussing whether as Joyce said
this is proper this is responsible
especially if we're talking about how
the nation should run and Sean Hannity
has done many many programs about
an order and accountability and what
should happen to people who don't follow
the law these obviously are our laws
that govern respect for government
investigations more broadly take a
listen to him and Trump echoing each
other your communities are being hurt
and you're paying a lot of money because
of illegal immigrants crimes and drugs
that are coming across the board we will
get the criminals out the drug lords the
gang members we're getting them out when
it comes to recognizing the violence
that took place and both sides were
involved in the fighting
I think this blame on both sides Natacha
given your close eye on the probe walk
us through the the role that someone
like handi plays in your view of the
rather extraordinary report that Jeanne
Pierrot could in potentially be in line
to become Bob Miller's boss well Donald
Trump really likes people who defend him
on television I mean he pretty much
spends a very good portion of his day
every day watching Fox News and he
watches four circuits surrogates he
watches four people who will go out
there and defend with what is pretty
much indefensible at this point which
are kind of baseless attacks on Robert
Muller like Giuliani said that you know
this was all an attempt to frame him but
I think it's also really important to
mention that Hannity is not a neutral
player in all this I mean Sean Hannity
has potential legal vulnerability
especially because there is evidence
that perhaps he was talking to Julian
Assange the founder of WikiLeaks during
the after the election when Julian
Assange reached out to a Twitter account
that he thought belong to Sean Hannity
and said let's communicate on another
platform so that's evidence that perhaps
Sean Hannity did have prior
communication with Julian Assange and
there was also the issue of whether or
not he was involved in any way in this
relationship between Keith Davidson the
former attorney for stormy Daniels and
Michael Cohen of course he had hired
Michael Cohen to be his attorney so
there's some kind of weird relationship
there and he was mentioned in court
filings that were that were submitted by
Michael avenatti a stormy Daniels
current attorney yesterday so Hanna DS
attacks here are not all in an effort to
defend the president he also faces
exposure in a way that perhaps he's
trying to preempt now right which is you
raise great points given the prime
see of michael cohen this week nick
acraman i want to read a little more of
sean hannity's version of events because
we played the sound people can judge it
for themselves it's Washington Post
write up notes that he would then say he
was kidding and then repeat the advice
quote my advice to them not really
kidding bad advice follow Hillary's lead
but the Washington Post notes then he
raised it again in a serious discussion
with attorney Joe digenova who like so
many of these players that are complex
ly interrelated actually had briefly
been announced as a criminal defense
attorney for Donald Trump so it's not
look let me put it like this that show
with all due respect is not known for
its comedy or bonhomie no but it's also
very similar to what I used to see when
I prosecuted organized crime figures
what they would do is they come on hard
they tell people to destroy the evidence
to get rid of the evidence and then they
just say oh I'm just kidding
I mean it was kind of like a wink and a
nod but what they want you to do is to
destroy the evidence like it's like
don't tell anyone about that deal we did
but you know lol isn't that funny I mean
what's what's the punchline there right
it's like there's the truth and there's
the truth yeah I mean this is the kind
of conversation you could repeat over
and over again and I guarantee you if
you show up at that hearing tomorrow for
Paul Manafort you're gonna get a similar
story that he didn't really mean it he
was just reaching out to old friends he
really didn't want them to change their
story he was just doing an investigation
for his own case you're gonna see the
same nonsense and let me get Joyce on
that briefly do you think it's more
likely now that that Paul Manafort will
face pretrial detention I think it's
very likely that Manafort will face
pretrial detention I've never seen a
prosecutor who wasn't outraged and a
judge who didn't share at least some of
that outrage when a criminal defendant
who's been told he can't commit any new
federal crimes or any other crimes at
all well on release when he goes out and
tries to tamper with witnesses that
caused the integrity of the criminal
justice system into question our trials
are predicated on the fact that
witnesses will go in and testify
truthfully and a jury can reach a
conclusion
about what really happened in a
situation where the government has
charged criminal conduct so this sort of
thing that man affort has done really
strikes it at the core of what the
criminal justice system is supposed to
keep from happening I think he goes to
jail hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
