thank you very much for being with us
first of all of course my thoughts are
with you your city your residents what
has been the damage yeah Thank You
Andrea and really my thoughts and our
community's collective thoughts and
prayers are going out to our neighbors
to the west and the panhandler region
down by the coast so many of the folks
in my city have homes down there we
often visit that area of the state and
the pictures and the images coming in
there have been devastating obviously
our issue here in my part of the state
just a little further east of that is
the the issue of wind we are a Tree City
USA which covered almost 50% of my
community by trees many of those trees
by the thousands came down yesterday
taking out powerlines landing on homes
and on vehicles and on property
obviously we're thankful because we can
replace property we can't replace lives
and so far we've had no report of any
loss of life in our city where we are
now Andrea is we've got about 110,000 of
our utility customers that are out of
power
today's priorities has been to clear the
roads making sure that emergency
vehicles and other response vehicles can
get safely into our neighborhoods
obviously we will then move on to try to
get some sense of normalcy back up
businesses opened roads cleared and
obviously power restored this is a one
of the largest and most impactful storms
that we've seen in this part of the
state and over a century and so it will
take some time to recover but we're
counting our blessings today because we
know it could have been a lot worse for
us indeed and what do you think in terms
of the time before people can get power
back and how much pressure is on you
you're a candidate for statewide office
obviously the mayor of a major city this
is a test for you and for the emergency
responders under your command yeah well
I'll just say first of all we've got
some of the best hardest-working most
dedicated staff honestly you could ask
for this building behind me has been
littered with staff over 30 agencies
working together together over the last
road days since Sunday to get our
community ready today Andrea we had over
a hundred linemen hit the streets
getting power back restore rebuilding
our grid system we're still taking some
assessment of what the total impact will
be and how long the restoration will
take but as I said before we've got our
light health and strength we're counting
our blessings here and and clearly we're
going to get back up to snuff and up to
speed and people backwards stored it may
take a few days but we're certainly on
the task and what is the federal
response been so far you know how would
you grade what Washington is done for
Florida well I tell you my office has
been in touch with with the White House
we've been in more increased touch with
Governor Scott's office in fact I just
got off the phone with him a few minutes
ago just touching bases on what's been
done what his assessment and our
assessment has been certainly here at
the state level we're trying to work in
concert with each other
and are hopeful that when it comes to
getting our FEMA assistance that that
will be holding in place when we when we
need to call upon it just politics enter
into this at all I mean here Rick Scott
is running for Senate he's a Republican
you're running to replace him you're in
a tough race he the Democrats are
claiming that he has not extended the
registration voter registration was
interrupted of course by the storm
how are those issues addressed well I'm
in alignment with with those who have
petitioned for expanding and extending
the voter registration period but I will
tell you Angela during Andrea that
during this difficult time we're really
most interested in trying to make our
communities whole again we are we are
all doing everything that we can to get
our communities up and restored and
ensuring that we're doing everything we
can to work together our our community
is looking to us to frankly rise above
partisanship at this time we're
certainly trying to do that and and in
my case and then I think in the case of
the governor and Senator Nelson and I'm
hopeful that the political cooperation
with each other will continue while we
get our communities
back up to 100% well thank you so much
mayor Gilliam it's it's really great to
talk to you today and hear that you're
at least getting back up on online and
the community is working together and be
safe out there on the campaign trail as
well thank you hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
