not the other top story tonight it is
about blatant corruption that reaches to
the very top of the Trump administration
but also lotion Trump's EPA chief now
facing 15 different ethics
investigations over corruption and
abusing his power some involve the
environmental health of the entire
country others involve a pettiness at a
petty scale that's actually hard to
fathom like tonight's news that Pruitt
may have violated federal rules by
demanding his security guards find his
favorite moisturizing lotion now if you
want to be extra fair to any busy
bureaucrat perhaps you can make an
excuse for why a guy on the go might
need someone to pick him up a personal
item here there being a lotion or a
sanitizer or whatever you need to get
through the day but as with so many
things Pruitt the details don't help him
taxpayers cover his three and a half
million dollar annual security detail
and he not only tasked them with buying
lotion but quote directed agents to
drive him to multiple locations in
search of a particular lotion on offer
at ritz-carlton hotels today Vox
reporting that the ritz-carlton sells
its own branded Jasmine moisturizer
lotion at twenty seven dollars for a
seventeen ounce bottle and this quest
for soft skin it's not isolated either
leaks show Pruitt wasting fifteen
hundred taxpayer dollars on twelve
custom fountain pens what sixty thousand
dollars on fancy flights in hotels and
another forty three K on a soundproof
phone booth but here's the thing about
these leaks that are exposing Pruitt's
alleged grifting it's not just abusing
his job and wasting the public resources
there may also be a kind of a neurosis
here consider that he apparently made
special arrangements to keep getting
discounted lunch at the White House mess
hall until they literally asked him to
stop noting we love having mr. Pruit but
it's not meant for everyday use one of
his bills there and four hundred dollars
so from the lotion to the Pens you start
to wonder if there's any perk or
discount that Pruitt's not too ashamed
to try and cop to paraphrase the rapper
21 savage Scott Pruett is the type to
stand in line for free stuff which of
course is not cool now of all the
discounts here is the one that seems
more like Pruett ended up playing him
self because he was busted for pushing
his aides to get him a deal on a used
mattress from the Trump Hotel now look
do what you want but if you are into the
kind of discount that comes with a
mattress that other people have already
used wouldn't you still lean towards one
that has a single previous owner not
hundreds of different hotel guests per
year join me now on this important story
is Sam cedar hosted the majority report
podcast go ahead thank you for the pen I
you know I I really don't have an
explanation for the list of things this
guy goes on I mean maybe he's trying to
curry favor and say to Don drop I've had
this for this mattress for years but I
mean at the bottom line there is a
quality of low-level
local politician corruption that you see
not just what scott pruett i mean in
some ways he's sort of a metaphor for
the whole administration you know I'm
gonna become an alderman because I'm
gonna get the proper zoning for my
hardware store you see that is the is
the metaphor that we're all forced to
sleep on a used hotel mattress on some
level yes where that that is basically I
don't know how to explain that I mean I
don't know if there was some type of
like prank that he was gonna do or but
there's a lawyer I could give you the
counter-argument please for one of them
and that would be maybe that Ritz lotion
is just that good it well it's possible
I don't want to get into you know cell
fates and whether or not you even need
that but because that's not my expertise
either but the the idea that you get
into a position and you just take as
much as you can that you get into
government service because it gives you
basically an entree and to get whatever
you want and take whatever you want I
think is is the organizing principle of
the vast majority of people who enter
into the Donald Trump administration and
you know then the other question is like
what's it going to take for this guy to
get fired and
and why is that such a steep hill to
climb I mean what's it gonna take
and does the proverbial fish rot from
the head does the proverbial free lotion
grifting come from the very top I mean
this is something to Donald Trump is
somewhat known for take a look at him
talking about Perot it just this week
administrator scott pruett thank you
scott very much EPA is doing really
really well and you know somebody has to
say that about you a little bit you know
that's good but you hope you've done I'd
say the EPA is doing so well people are
really impressed with the job that's
being done with the appear look as as
much as Donald Trump I think is
appreciates a good thief and someone
who's going to take a little bit more
than they should this is the type of
thing that got a lot of other people
fired it seems to me I'm the
illustration so you get a ask like
what's going on here and I think frankly
the answer is Harold Hamm Harold Hamm
was the guy who was instrumental in
putting Scott Pruett on there
he was co-chair of one of scott pruett
re-election campaigns he is a
billionaire fracker who has pushed a
number of federal and and legislation
and I think this is a function of Donald
Trump you know and Scott Pruett having
basically a sugar daddy and and I think
that that sugar daddy is is how they
have and because if getting a used
mattress doesn't get you fired from
Donald Trump who sort of you know we
wouldn't hire Bolton the first time
around because you didn't appreciate his
mustache I don't know that anything can
and and you have to ask why I mean who's
protecting this guy and and frankly I
think it's this billionaire Frakker
right and that's a it's a great point
you raise and it also goes to what does
matter here which is beyond the bizarre
sheer embarrassing pettiness of much of
the behavior it goes to an idea that
government is for sale and for his
personal enrichment which is a huge
problem and not I should mention an
ideological issue that's not a
left-right thing that's just
whether you're honest in government hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our You Tube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
