president welcoming Shinzo Abby and
being asked questions I think I'm very
well prepared I don't think I have to
prepare very much it's about the
attitude it's about willingness to get
things done but I think I've been
preparing for this summit for a long
time as has the other side preparing for
a long time also so this is it a
question of preparation it's a question
of whether or not people want it to
happen and we'll know that very quickly
well it's gonna be much more than
photo-op I think it's a process I've
told you that many times before I think
it's not a one meeting deal it would be
wonderful of the world you know they've
been doing this for a long time there's
a lot of enemies out there a lot of a
lot of dislike a lot of hatred between
countries and this will not be just a
photo of this will be at a minimum
we'll start with perhaps a good
relationship and that's something that's
very important toward the ultimate
making of the deal I'd love to say it
could happen on one deal maybe it can
they have to denote if they don't
denuclearize that will not be acceptable
we cannot take sanctions off the
sanctions or extraordinarily powerful we
cannot and I could add a lot more but I
don't like to chosen not to do that at
this time but that may happen by the way
with Iran we're adding tremendously
powerful sanctions they understand that
very well I think Iran already is not
the same country if you look I don't
think they're looking so much to the
Mediterranean like there were two months
ago so it's a big difference it was
number one nuclear but also out of it
you also get the side benefit that Iran
is a different place
and we'll see what happens and maybe
ultimately something will happen with
Iran but for a meeting next week I think
it's going to be a very fruitful meeting
I think it's going to be an exciting
meeting I think we're gonna get to know
a lot of people that our country never
got to know this is something that
should have been handled many years ago
by other presidents it shouldn't be
handled now it should have been handled
years ago but it is being handled now
and I'll take care of it thank you very
much
right now at the White House North Lawn
NBC's Peter Alexander who was in the
Oval Office for that photo opportunity
we couldn't hear the questions beter but
the president certainly seemed primed to
say that he's ready and doesn't need
much preparation yeah no that's right he
says he's been prepared for this for a
long time he said that it's about
attitude before the remarks part of the
QA that you just saw there the president
opened his remarks with the Prime
Minister Shinzo Abe a and said basically
the things are moving along well for the
summit to take place as planned he said
it's ready to go for next Tuesday but he
also said everything's always subject to
change he had to leave that little loose
end out there just in case he spoke
about this idea of a good relationship
between Kim jong-un and himself saying
that if nothing else that will help
start to build that relationship up
going forward at the end of that QA I
know there's a lot of noise from some of
the White House aides in the room as
they try to shoo us out of the Oval
Office but I asked the president how
long is he going to stay there he said
one two maybe three days and as I was
literally getting pushed out the door I
asked him specifically about Shinzo Abe
a whether the Japanese Prime Minister or
others will be invited to that
face-to-face with Kim jong-un he said no
they will not so this will just be the
president and man who is represented the
country that's been one of America's
greatest adversaries for years Kim
jong-un with none of America's other
allies in that region expected to attend
an during that so that's really
interesting information if it's going to
be more than a one-day summit
did anyone ask about golf he was not
asked about golf but as you can imagine
he initiated that conversation he talked
vauntingly about the fact that these two
have played golf multiple times before
including when they were in Japan he
spoke about Matsuyama the name of the
sort of legendary golfer from Japan one
of the best in the world that they
played with he was asked as he was as we
were leaving whether he was hoping to
play golf while in North Korea I guess
the assumption by the questioner was
perhaps he'd be playing with Kim jong-un
he said he'd like to play golf ball in
Singapore but that's clearly not in his
plans for this trip
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to
date with the videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
