Michael you just heard Rudy Giuliani's
reaction which in a sense is porn stars
aren't people - this guy is at disgust
this guy is an absolute disgusting Pig
Stephanie he should be fired immediately
the fact that he has doubled down on his
comments today show how in touch out of
touch he is with today's society show
when a pig he truly is shows that he
thinks he's above the law and above
rebuked and it shows that he must
believe that this president will support
him and back him for these outrageous
comments against women and my client
enough is enough this cannot be allowed
to stand we cannot have men and put in
positions of power basically making
these statements against women any woman
it doesn't matter what a woman's
profession is it has nothing to do with
their credibility or whether they should
be respected it doesn't matter what a
woman looks like
it has nothing to do with whether they
should be respected or believed period
enough is enough
Michael I'm lucky this morning Christine
Quinn and Mika Brzezinski are with me
Mika wants to weigh in the other women
that have stepped up are they are they
coming close to going public I'm talking
about the ones that have approached you
in light of the case with your client
stormy Daniels about other payments that
the president gave them where are where
are we with that Michael well one of one
of our clients is concerned considering
whether to come forward whether she
wants to be scrutinized by the public
you know statements like this we don't
know what impact they have on her I
haven't spoken to her yet this morning
but you know to go either way Mika I
mean this could encourage her to come
forward or on the flip side it could it
could scare her into remaining silent
because she doesn't want to be attacked
by somebody powerful like Rudy Giuliani
so I have not had a chance to speak with
her obviously we're going to try to
encourage her to come forward and
encourage every other woman to come
forward who have any involvement with
mr. Trump and who was essentially
threatened or intimidated this specific
case that you're hoping will come
forward is a woman that you have proof
had an NDA with Donald Trump and got a
payment from Donald Trump it appears
that way we haven't been able to
validate the NBA but all appearances
seem to suggest that that's trust the
payment through Michael Cohen I don't
know yet tell us about the lawsuit you
filed yesterday we filed a suit
yesterday against Keith Davidson and
Michael Cullen for colluding against my
client it's fairly clear that Michael
Cohen was able to corrupt Keith Davidson
my clients former counsel who was
supposed to be representing her interest
at all times he had no business engaging
in these communications with Michael
Cohen earlier this year and we believe
the text message is completely undercut
any claim by Michael Cohen or by the
president that they didn't believe my
client that they had no involvement with
her that the president didn't know what
was going on the idea that Michael Cohen
would be permitted to meet with the
First Lady of the United States to talk
about my client when they didn't believe
her or had no reason to believe anything
she said is absurd why would they be
trying to put her on hannity if they
employ her you know what let's actually
share that because I have the text in
front of me Michael Cohen I have her
tentatively scheduled for Hannity
tonight Davidson she cannot she cannot
today I'm trying to get her to commit
for tomorrow
Cohen by doing tomorrow you just create
another news cycle instead of putting it
into this one Cohen the wise men all
believe the story is dying and I don't
think it's smart for her to do any
interviews Davidson a hundred percent
thanks pal
Michael who are the wise men good by the
way none of these men have ever watched
pornography by the way because you know
what it's just too disgraceful for them
yes again any individual who has never
voluntarily watched pornography should
most certainly you know speak out
against my client at all times and and
try to discredit her that that would be
I don't know how many people that would
be but it'd be a very very very small
group in the United States and the you
know the hypocrisy of a lot of these
people is is truly astounding but I want
to go back to mr. Giuliani's comments
last night and then again today this is
outrageous I agree with Micah's comments
earlier today I saw them and I agree a
hundred percent because what you said
the time has come for women to speak out
and let me say this if Rudy Giuliani is
not fired immediately by this president
it is an outrage
and it should send a message to every
woman in America as to what this
president thinks is acceptable
you know if the Access Hollywood tape
was not enough this should be enough at
some point the line has been crossed and
it was crossed long ago and we should
not continue to give these guys a past
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
