day 503 this was of the Trump
administration and Trump lawyer Rudy
Giuliani is escalating his public
attacks on special counsel robert muller
and his team in an effort to discredit
the entire Russia investigation earlier
today at an investment conference in
Israel Giuliani said Muller's team is
trying hard to frame the President of
the United States they are a group of 13
highly partisan Democrats that make up
the Muller team excluding him are trying
very very hard to frame him to get him
in trouble when he hasn't done anything
wrong
while in Israel today Giuliani also sat
down for an interview with Pat Robertson
of the Christian Broadcasting Network
during that interview Giuliani went
after former FBI director James Comey
and said robert muller needs to take
control of his team
call me works in the US Attorney's
Office and Mullah worked under me in the
Justice Department I'm very very
disappointed and call me anything could
call me I think is the real villain of
this whole thing I think in most case
it's more he's not taking control of
these people that work for him and
they're going around starting all these
new investigations he's got to have the
discipline to put a stop to it or we're
gonna we're gonna have to do everything
we can cluding some things that I don't
think we'd want to talk about right now
to try to you know try to appeal to have
it stopped
well that was ominous as Giuliani and
Trump keep up their constant attacks on
the Russia investigation at least one
more Republican is dismissing the
president's claims that the FBI planted
a spy perhaps more than one in the Trump
campaign for political reasons earlier
today and in what has become a rare
public moment for him House Speaker Paul
Ryan said he agreed with congressman
trey Gowdy who said just last week the
FBI did nothing wrong in using a
confidential informant I think chairman
gaudi's initial assessment is accurate I
have seen no evidence to the contrary of
the initial assessment that chairman
Gowdy has made but I want to make sure
that we run every lead down and make
sure we get final answers to these
questions Speaker Ryan also pushed back
on the idea of press
Trump pardoning himself after the
president wrote on Twitter he had the
absolute right to do so earlier this
week mr. speaker do you believe that the
president has the power to pardon
himself I don't know the technical
answer to that question but I think
obviously answer is he shouldn't and no
one is above the law
meanwhile we saw another act of clemency
from the president today as he commuted
the sentence of 63 year old Alice Marie
Johnson who was serving life in prison
for a nonviolent drug conviction
today's commutation came after Kim
Kardashian showed up at the White House
last week and brought miss Johnson's
case to the president's attention Peter
Baker of the New York Times points out
just today quote the president's
intervention was contrary to the
policies of his own Justice Department
that has enacted since he took office
Attorney General Jeff Sessions last year
ordered federal prosecutors to pursue
the toughest possible charges and
sentences against criminal defendants
reversing President Barack Obama's
efforts to ease penalties in nonviolent
drug cases the White House released a
statement on today's commutation that
read in part Ms Johnson has accepted
responsibility for her past behavior and
has been a model prisoner over the past
two decades while this administration
will always be very tough on crime it
believes that those who have paid their
debt to society and worked hard to
better themselves while in prison
deserve a second chance one wonders if
that is going to be universally applied
let's bring in our leadoff panel on a
Wednesday night Phillip Rucker Pulitzer
Prize winning White House bureau chief
for the Washington Post
guy Lewis a former US attorney who has
worked with Robert Muller James Comey
and rod Rosenstein among others while at
DOJ also with us Michael Schmidt
Pulitzer prize-winning Washington
correspondent for The New York Times and
Elizabeth beyou Miller Washington bureau
chief also of the New York Times and at
this point we are compelled to point out
that both Elizabeth and Michael have
emerged as two of let's just say the
reluctant stars of Showtime's
documentary series the Fourth Estate
which chronicles a year in the life of
the New York Times as it covers the
first year of the Trump administration
were happy
to have you all on with us tonight mr.
Rucker since your paper is
underrepresented just for the purposes
of this conversation I'll begin with you
how many minds do you think are being
changed at this point by this doubling
down by the President on social media
and his attorney in places like Israel
well I think the president and his
attorney are hoping a lot of minds are
being changed here in the United States
the point of what Rudy Giuliani said in
Israel today and the point of what he
and Trump have been saying for several
weeks now it's to just muddy the waters
with this molar probe to politicize it
to put it in a partisan lens and make
the American people view this as a
partisan witch hunt to use the phrase
that the president likes to use over and
over again it's a pattern that he's been
doing in his political life but also in
his life as a marketer as a businessman
as a real estate mogul he in some cases
will exaggerate some cases tell things
say things that are not true to play to
people's fantasies to make them believe
sort of his own reality that he creates
and and when in the court of public
opinion that's what he's trying to do
here with this Moeller probe and change
the way the American people view the
Russia investigation Michael let's talk
about exactly that there's no one out
there to correct the record so I have a
two-part question for you what of this
notion of 13 registered Democrats
working for Muller and secondly how do
they balance the noise deficit the PR
deficit Rudy Giuliani is out there every
day
Muller's team has this steely discipline
part of their sense of duty to remain
quiet Muller is different than Ken Starr
he's not out there doing media he's not
on the courthouse steps
he's only put out I think I know of two
statements everything else has been in
court filings so his voice has
essentially come from those documents
and from former federal prosecutors on
cable television
defending him besides that you have
Giuliani with this megaphone and the
president with his Twitter account that
have caused some real problems for
Muller here they do not acknowledge that
Giuliani has
changed the public discussion he has had
some significant impact so if you're
Muller how do you push back on that how
do you change that when you appear to be
so limited in what you can do on the
Democrats the issue there is that Muller
would have to have done a litmus test on
the folks he was hiring to know their
political leanings and that would have
been illegal so the folks that he has
working for him are the folks that he
could hire there would have been no way
to determine whether they had given
money to one party or another guy I know
some career of Fed types who are
insulted by this line of argument by
Rudolph Giuliani they say in their own
defense when you call a cop do you ask
for a police officer by party
affiliation everyone in the Justice
Department held some political opinion
but the definition of being a
professional is casting that aside and
doing the best job you can on the legal
matter that's right Brian it's funny
because it's this is not a tactic that
those of us that did this for a long
time have not seen before I'm always
reminded of call Sandberg's famous quote
about lawyers when he said when he said
if the facts are against you argue the
law if the laws against you argue the
facts and if the facts and the law are
against you pound the table and yell
like hell that's what he said and I
think that's what we're seeing Giuliani
do and guy is Muller so agnostic there's
not a television set on in that office
that staff doesn't hear when Rudolph
Giuliani says something like they're
trying to frame the President of the
United States O'Brian they hear it they
hear it they talk about it and in some
instances one could argue that kicking
the line kicking the tiger that's
actually bearing down on you is not the
best tactic but remember and I agree
with Michael a hundred percent that the
know your audience the audience right
now is not 12 members of a jury
in a box in federal court that's not
what they're arguing that's not who
their audience is they're they're
worried about the idea that a reports
going to come out they've already
decided that he can't be charged as a
criminal defendant in this case but
they're worried about a report that's
going to come out or an impeachment
report that report going to Congress and
Congress acting on that report so every
single one of these statements all this
media blitz the Twitter's everything
it's all going to those members of
Congress who might vote on articles of
impeachment Elizabeth one of the
wonderful things about this four-part
documentary series a lot of us have
already seen on Showtime is we get to
see you as a manager as a motivator as a
leader as a veteran editor as a
journalist fresh from the field and so
many assignments and postings yourself
so it's it's with that in mind that I
ask you how do you begin to cover the
story just today and of course this
falls to the foreign desk so that's too
easy an answer of a former New York
Mayor now serving as counsel to the
President on foreign soil telling a an
Israeli audience that the special
counsel in the United States is out to
frame the president how do you interpret
that in contemporary language well first
of all I used to I covered Rudy Giuliani
when he was mayor of New York so I mean
I covered the his midlife crisis to term
two years of his eight-year term so this
is not that unfamiliar to me and to
those of us at the Times who also
covered him look you cover it you cover
it east covered straight but you also
interpreted the way that the rest of the
panel has this is part of a sustained
attack on the roller investigation they
are obviously worried Giuliani and the
president are very worried about what
will be in Muller's report which we
think will go to Congress perhaps in
September we're not sure and this is
just a sustained attack that we will see
through the rest of the summer and yes
the the audience is Congress because if
Congress if the house goes Democratic
after No
there is a very good chance there will
be will be when Pietschmann proceedings
so that's what's going on right now this
is not going to stop we're going to see
tweets every morning in the evening and
Giuliani is is Giuliani has kind of
founded a new a new a new way of life
you know he's he's made for this he's
he's good at this he's obviously
enjoying himself and and you know stay
tuned
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
