the storm is now racing toward the
Carolinas where it is threatening to
unleash even more destructive winds and
rain at least two people are already
announced dead one man in Greensboro
Florida and an 11 year old in Lake
Seminole Georgia and more than 850,000
people are without power across Florida
Georgia Alabama and the Carolinas and
we've got an incredible team of
reporters since yesterday across the
region in the hardest hit areas and I
want to go first to NBC's Kerry Sanders
live in Panama City Beach which is 20
miles from where the storm made landfall
Kerry walk us through the last 24 hours
when you and I spoke yesterday afternoon
at 1:00 p.m. you were standing on the
patio of your hotel your baseball helmet
flew off your head you couldn't even
make it inside without the assistance
from another guy it was extraordinary
you have covered countless storms in
your career draw some comparisons for us
well 150 plus mile an hour winds are
nothing to be toyed with so you saw what
happened to me there the helmet going
airborne Jim Cantore from The Weather
Channel thankfully nearby he and I have
covered storms side by side for many
many years I'm very thankful that he was
there to get me from tumbling down and
then possibly going into a swimming pool
so I'm okay I'm not sure I'd stand out
there again like that but let's talk
about the real power of the hurricane
that I think is perhaps visible right
here in fact let me go to a wide picture
first of all here and if you look at
this wide picture of the marina here
this is called the legendary marina you
can see the damage that happened it's
possible that there was a tornado you do
know that tornadoes spin out of out of
the Hurricanes as we come back to this
camera just take a look here we're
talking about just millions of dollars
in damage to the boats here this is all
the twisted mangled wreckage of what
happened when Michael made his way into
this area and it just goes on and on and
on what you can't tell on TV is the
stench out here of the fuel the gasoline
and the diesel and the oils that have
spilled
here it's gonna take some time to clean
this up but the real concern of course
are people's homes and not too far away
we spoke to a resident who went through
this hurricane and 70 year old who told
me an amazing story of her being alone
in the house with her two dogs and as
the storm came ashore tornadoes were
coming down around her house she was
holding on to the French doors with both
hands
they were rattling as her roof was
peeling back she survived but not
without trees coming down power poles
coming down and eventually when those
doors that she could no longer hold she
made her way into a hallway and sat on a
chair with her two dogs and survived but
what she went through is a real
explanation of why when the authorities
say evacuate please evacuate it's
remarkable that she survived and those
stories will be repeated over and over
and over again Stephanie my goodness
Carrie I am so glad you're safe and
thank you again for your extraordinary
reporting let's take you live now to
NBC's Gabe Gutierrez who is an apple I
can't even say it Apalachicola Florida
where the director of the National
Hurricane Center says flood waters were
well above seven and a half feet deep
just hours after the storm hit Gabe how
are things looking now hi there
Stephanie good morning yeah we we saw
some of that storm surge that flooded
part of the historic downtown and right
behind me you can see what we're really
starting to see for quite a bit
overnight into this morning all these
toppled trees and powerlines it's making
it really difficult to get around the
main road in and out of Apalachicola
Florida u.s. 98 that's blocked by all
this debris you can see the sheer power
of this storm look just uprooted this
major tree and this tree actually and as
this concrete ring around it so it was
even harder for it to for it to be
uprooted so this is something that you
know we've been seeing over and over
again or the last couple of hours as
we've been driving around all this
debris pretty much all over the road
hundreds of thousands of people are
without power in Florida and it could be
days in some cases even weeks before
it's fully restored
of course the eye of the storm hit to
our west in
in Mexico Beach that was where we're
seeing images of the some of the worst
devastation here in Apalachicola what
we're mostly seeing is a lot of this and
first responders are going to different
areas right now to assess the damage
this morning they're checking on some
some of the farthest far flung areas to
see if everybody made it out okay we
haven't heard of any injuries here
thankfully but again this is part of the
Panhandle which really had never seen
something like this something so
powerful and for some people hit them
unexpectedly it's we've been talking
with people throughout the evening and
into this morning Stephanie this thing
came hard and fast Gabe thank you now
let's head to Georgia where NBC's Tammy
Lightner is standing by Tammy an 11 year
old passed away that nearby where you
are in Georgia what can you tell us
about that
and what is the scene like as this
tropical storm is moving out that's
right stuff so sad it happened about an
hour away from where we are the winds
were so strong and actually picked up a
carport and blew it into the house where
that 11 year old work was we're in
downtown Albany right now where a
massive amount of businesses were
destroyed windows blown out roofs ripped
off of the businesses first responders
have been going out all night since
about 10:30 last night responding to
calls we've been in constant
communication with county officials they
said they have just been inundated with
calls they've actually had a very hard
time getting out responding to a lot of
those calls because the roads are
blocked power lines down trees down
they've got about two hundred and
seventy-five thousand people houses
across the state of Georgia without
power president Trump has declared a
state of emergency here in Georgia
if you take a look behind me this just
gives you a really good idea of the
power of some of the winds here
Stephanie this is from a roof that's not
even on this block it's somewhere else
and so that's just how powerful these
winds were and rescue crews are just now
really starting to get out and assess
the damage all the way across the state
of Georgia
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over
on this list to see lots of other great
videos
