when it comes to criminal justice one of
the most significant stories in the
nation is how harshly our system
punishes people a system of mass
incarceration that is numerically
harsher than any other modern democracy
with very long sentences for people
convicted even of nonviolent drug
offenses many of whom are poor or
minorities now today President Trump did
something linked to that problem though
not at a policy level at the individual
level he is releasing Alice Johnson a
nonviolent drug offender who was serving
a life sentence for a non-violent
offense she'd served over 21 years that
was her plea and today Johnson's
sentence was commuted a traditional
symbol of justice or mercy in cases
where the DOJ recommends that someone
either has been punished enough
or even too much now was that president
Trump's motivation well we know that it
was her sponsor celebrity Kim
kardashian-west who just met with Trump
and she lobbied for Alice Johnson in
that White House visit which Trump
rushed to promote in a tweet so the
president wanted that celebrity cameo
and was apparently willing to do
something for it in a manner that
actually laid bare what this transaction
was to him because we know the president
is m.i.a on the larger question of
criminal justice reform which actually
has grown into a bipartisan call lately
to address the excesses and the
discrimination of America's long-running
drug war mass incarceration makes our
country worse off and we need to do
something about it what we need to do is
make sure that the war on drugs is equal
protection under the law and that we
don't unfairly incarcerate
another generation of young
african-american males this has
devastated so many of our communities
particularly communities of color who
should not be incarcerated addicts who
are not dealers and are not violence
by contrast Trump hasn't pushed for
those kind of reforms in Congress even
as Jared Kushner claims to back a
related bill in the Senate and when the
issue of Rises Trump has called for
things that are actually so punitive
they would be unconstitutional like
executing people who have not committed
capital offenses if we don't get tough
on the drug dealers we're wasting our
time and that toughness includes the
death penalty that was this year so
let's report on this issue tonight on
these sentences let's explore it but
let's not pretend this was this
president's goal you know we live during
a presidency that was obtained by a man
obsessed with attention Trump occupies
the job now with the most built-in
attention in the world I mean if you
took Taylor Swift Kanye West Drake push
a tea had them all meet for dinner in
Times Square they'd still be fewer video
cameras there than every time the
president united states walks down the
street but for him apparently that's not
enough
so this commutation is in the news
tonight because Trump still wanted more
attention more celebrity now why did
Trump suddenly discover criminal justice
you know you can capture this whole
strange exchange with a few lines from
Travis Scott why'd you do it
why'd you switch up was it for the image
or for the pictures we know it was for
the pictures now for her part Kim
Kardashian thought of a way to barter a
day of her time and a picture for
another person's life maybe the next
celebrities to visit Trump will push for
even wider policy reform consider half
of state prisoners are in for nonviolent
offenses 3,000 people right now doing
life without parole for nonviolent
offenses just like miss Johnson black
men we know will get 20 percent longer
sentences for the exact
same federal crimes as white men and
meanwhile there are 10,000 people in
America right now waiting to hear if
Trump will approve their applications
for the same kind of computations now
this man is the DOJ is acting part an
attorney a career civil servant who
determines who deserves these kind of
pardons or commutations
but from what we know and this is
important after over a year of Trump
it appears that none of the seven people
that he's pardoned her commuted were
formally recommended to him by that
lawyer who does this all day at the
Justice Department instead the wrecks
came from Kim Kardashian from Sylvester
Stallone and from people Trump saw on
Fox News so whatever your view of the
criminal justice system this process
right now unfolding under Trump is
obviously publicly broken which isn't
good for mercy or law and order one of
the piers Kim Kardashian is now
something like the shadow' pardon
attorney of the United States of America
well she may have gotten this
recommendation right but if this process
sounds terribly wrong to you it's
because this process is terribly wrong I
turned out a mile Wiley a former chair
of New York City's police oversight
Commission mr. billion complaint Review
Board as well as Danny Greenberg who
used to run the Legal Aid Society which
represents most of the indigent
defendants in New York he now does pro
bono work at the law firm Schulte Roth
and Zabel thank you both during part of
this discussion
your reaction my reaction is that Donald
Trump is not missing an action on
criminal justice he's actively working
to unravel the reforms that the Obama
administration put in place to make it
more fair and he's doing that through
Jeff Sessions who is for example taking
away a memorandum that Eric Holder put
in place telling US Attorneys offices
around the country for example to not
throw the book at low-level offenses and
rack up the charges so that folks would
become subject to ridiculously long
sentences that far outpaced the actual
allegations that were
happening and just to add to another
important statistic that that that along
the ones that you mentioned re is
pardons themselves have been racially
discriminatory so one example from
ProPublica was that you were four times
more likely to be pardoned if you were
white and a criminal offender than if
you were black well building I want the
Maya said there actually was a process
under President Obama for clemency
the clemency for people exactly like the
person who was done today what happened
today was good I'm not going to give the
president any credit for that it's more
like a broken clock being right twice a
day rather than anything that's that's
legitimately thought out or a broken
Instagram tour as it were there we go
because you're younger than me you knew
that what I would say about the Obama
administration had in place the pardons
of about a thousand people who are in
this process hundreds of volunteers
including my law firm schools churches
taking people who have been in prison
for more than ten years on drug charges
when african-americans were charged for
crack cocaine at a hundred times more
sentencing than a white person would for
regular cocaine so there was a process
if this was a president who cared about
that kind of issue all he had to do was
continue that instead of cutting it off
does it disturb you
that to get to even the right answer it
might take just this type of celebrity
lobbying is that worth the price Maya
well I don't think we paid a price for
the fact that we had some justice done
in one particular case I think we pay
the price if there is a perception that
Donald Trump actually cares about
something he actually does not care
about in fact has been reinforcing very
draconian unfair criminal justice
policies so for and remember Donald
Trump this is the man who when he ran
for president said things were that were
both factually inaccurate and racist for
example he said that 80% of murders of
white people in the United States were
committed by black people
that's not true and it actually
reinforces a stereotype which is one of
the reasons why we see such
discrimination in the criminal justice
system which suggests that black people
are Latinos or Native Americans are
somehow more violent more dangerous more
likely to commit crimes which is simply
a factually inaccurate stereotype it's
much more about the fact that we spend
much more time criminalizing behavior in
communities of color that we do not
criminalize in white communities and in
closing I will read something that Miss
kardashian-west said she said I hope to
continue this important work by working
together with organizations who've been
fighting this fight for much longer than
I have and deserve the recognition
she's obviously a celebrity and an
entrepreneur and a successful
businessperson she did stand up for
someone and got this result the question
is what everyone wants to do about it at
a systemic level hey I'm already Melvin
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our youtube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us
and we appreciate that
