welcome back to hardball a pivotal
pivotal moment in Robert Kennedy's path
towards becoming an advocate for civil
rights was a tense 1963 gathering of
African American it intellectuals and
artists where a young activist said he
wouldn't fight for America when the
country has continued to deny us our
rights Bobby's first reaction to that
gathering was exasperation but as I
wrote in Bobby Kennedy a raging spirit
Bobby eventually came around to that
young activists point of view noting
that if I'd gone through what he had
going through I might feel differently
about this country
I spoke with civil rights activists and
entertainer Harry Belafonte who was at
that 1963 meeting Harry it's not her to
have you on you look great
thanks for coming over to hardball
tonight great pleasure 50 years ago
Robert Kennedy we were wondering if he's
gonna make it you know when he did not
make it in the end but you were with him
in his sort of his growth period when
Bobby Kennedy became Attorney General
many of us known to that fact because
his he had never displayed from our
perspective a great concern for the
plight of black people as a matter of
acting you very little about how our
plight not that he was indifferent he
just didn't know and I seized on that
fact and had that told him that you
would never have an easy time of it if
he didn't come to know more about the
black the black cause that sparked in
him a sense of astonishment because he
felt that after all John Kennedy had
been doing such wonderful things and
that there was not enough sense of
appreciation from the black perspective
for what John was doing yes it's true
that we were most critical and in that
sense
Bobby inherited the task of trying to
move mobilize us through the Kennedy
administration well I've asked him about
why he felt he why he felt he could
administer the
in this country politically uh but he
knew so little about the people who are
the most disturbed and he pointed out
that he didn't agree with my point of
view that he thought that uh uh we were
insensitive to the fact that his brother
and he was sacrificing so much in our
cause and I was struck by the fact he
thought he was doing so much you know
and when we in fact felt they were doing
so little perhaps more than previous
presidents have done but except Abe
Lincoln and Roosevelt yeah but what
changed him because he seemed to move in
your direction I think what changed him
was the fact that dr. King instructed
myself and others that our chance was
not to criticize the fact that he was
not favorable to our cause but the win
him and to find his moral Center and win
him to our cause and in this query I
looked at that with that queer as it
that's not that's not gonna be possible
this guy is too far afield of who we are
and what we're about dr. King I remember
from your book he talked about after
Bobby was sort of beaten up by this
young guy Jerome Smith that King said
something to you because you quoted in
the book saying he may be Bobby needed
this this is what he needed so you were
pushing him it was as a matter of fact
what Bobby needed of he was but he after
meeting with Bobby Kennedy and finding a
path of possibility
he invited us a group of us to his home
and in his home he thought that he'd
been talking politics all the time was
talking to dr. King he was hearing the
worst side of the black voice of the
most challenging side of the black voice
and he very vited a group of black
people to come to visit him Lena Horne
James Baldwin you
Clarence Jones who was dr. King's
attorney the cover just happened what he
thought was a social chat when we got
there we had a pleasant day today and
talking on superficially and in the
midst of that did that exchange Jerome
Smith the frustration the great anger
said I'm out of here
and Bobbie was kind of oh why what do
you mean and thus Jerome Smith said
you're asking us to give you some
information that could be used against
the best interest of our cause I'm here
to tell you that we cannot be won over
that easily what do you want of us were
not able to do it and what he meant by
that whether he thought bobby was
looking for a way to get black voices
being more favorable to the Kennedy
point if you want our issues then dr.
King had implied because of Jerome Smith
then but Jerome felt it it imploded yeah
Bobby was quite angry and he thought
that others of us in the room in the in
the mr. Jerome Smith's attack would be
offensive of him would come to his
defense and his and we didn't and he
thought that that was a breach of
friendship and throw Sun I didn't throw
us how we left his home after that he
called and he had reflected on the
experience and what dr. King had
instructed us to do for me was it had
touched the most sensitive moment in our
capacity to win him over he called and
said I think I may have been wrong on
what Jerome Smith said because I was on
the issue of Vietnam yeah
Jerome said that we're asking him to go
off and die for this country when his
exact words
I had nothing against the Vietnamese
people I think it's a war that's on
unrighteous it's unworthy Bobby carve
but back to him and he said let's talk
in that conversation that we had I told
him look you have come from a place
where you're totally also uninformed but
unless those of us who are throughout
the challenged by dr. King winning to a
moral scent may find your moral Center
and when you to our cause is what I'm
working on there somewhere in you
there's something that I was I was the
chief and that is the better side of
your moral sense he took that critique
rather not so lightly anyway from the
conversation we had bobby was inspired
to go south when he went south he began
to discover a side of America that he
did not know did not know well and he
came back and said uh I'm I've been
south I've the cunt as my thing as a
picture of him we're listening to the
plight of black people from that
perspective he walked up to a black kid
and least raised cheek and and that to
me was a moment of transformation he was
touched by what he saw yeah and he was
touching away those most profound Harry
Belafonte you were part of it you're
part of history you're a young guy
you're fantastic they come on the show
tonight Thank You Harry Belafonte thank
you Chris hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
