Sydnee Carcano is an immigration
reporter for the LA Times Cindy we're
trying to focus on this issue on my show
because I think it's one that that has
very little not very little attention
but there's very little is clear about
it from what secretary azar said a
moment ago does that line up with your
reporting well I think the problem is
that is access right to be able to see
what's actually happening on the ground
and what's actually happened in these
detention centers for children I think
we have to keep in mind though that
unaccompanied children have been coming
for quite some time and back in 2014 you
had this sort of similar thing to where
they the system was overwhelmed with
children and so they were kept in these
facilities that were supposed to be
temporary but they ended up being for
much longer that they were intended to
be are the kids being reunited with
their parents even if even if their
parents are deported well you see that's
that's that is the issue I think that
that there's a lot of misunderstanding
when it comes to why it is that we have
a zero-tolerance policy right now right
so this comes back to a law that goes
back to like the 1920s but Masek that
basically makes it a crime to enter the
US illegally for a long time some people
have been prosecuted and others have not
now the policy is that they are almost
everyone's going to be prosecuted for
coming clandestinely or for asking for
asylum through a port of entry through a
non port of entry so what's happening is
since you have the zero tolerance policy
now children can't be detained with or
with and parents cannot be detained with
their children in jail they're gonna be
criminally prosecuted so that's where
the Trump administration is saying okay
we're gonna separate the children so
that's where you have the zero-tolerance
policy how are they I mean they say that
they're looking after the kids but they
haven't shown anybody what they're doing
and and there are reports that that what
the kids they've had to look after in
the past have not necessarily gone
missing but they're unaccounted for
right now they haven't been able to keep
track of them for whatever reason what
do you make of it I mean it seems like
there there could be hundreds if not
thousands of kids around this country
who've been separated from their parents
and
we don't really know what to do with
them I mean I didn't separate a
six-year-old from their mom or we see I
think that that's the issue but I also
think we have to keep in mind that we've
had immigrant families have been
targeted for quite some time under
various administration yeah under the
Obama administration he resurrected
family family detention so instead of
separating families he would detain them
and facilities that many reports have
said were not up to standard so now what
the Trump administration is doing is
they're saying okay what we're gonna do
is we're going to actually apply the law
to everyone a law that's been in the
books for decades by the way it was not
the Democrats and what we're gonna do is
that's is that's gonna be how we're
going to separate these families I think
the intent is to disincentivize people
from coming to the US illegally
yeah but whether that's successful is
it's really up for grabs and I think
that's for another conversation they
can't even say whether it's successful
yet because they think it's too early to
tell hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
