we begin with the latest salvo in the
escalating trade war between the United
States and its top trading partners
including some of its closest allies and
this one comes from Mexico president
Enrique Pena Nieto signed an order
immediately imposing 15 to 25% tariffs
on u.s. steel also a 25% tariff on US
cheese and bourbon plus a 20 percent
tariff on American agricultural products
including pork potatoes apples and
cranberries u.s. pork farmers alone
could lose a hundred million bucks a
year that's according to an estimate by
the Iowa farm Bureau all of this comes
after the Trump administration
eliminated tariffs exemptions for our
partners Mexico Canada and the European
Union it also imposed a 25% tariff on
steel imports and 10% tariffs on
aluminum imports effective June 1st with
all of this the World Bank has issued a
warning that the escalating trade
tensions between the United States and
its major trading allies could have
quote severe consequences for the trade
and growth that would be equivalent to
the 2008 financial crisis NBC's Vaughn
Hilliard joins us now from Des Moines
Iowa where the u.s. pork industry is
holding its annual Expo right now
Stephanie and Allie reminder 10% of Iowa
pork alone goes to Mexico so we are here
in Des Moines well the president's over
at the g7 summit this is the world's
pork expo not only with people from
around the country but also 40 different
countries from around the world there
are individuals here I want to bring in
Christie Bouska Christie is a farmer a
family farmer you've got 460 employees
you are about two hours north of here
yes and you've got a full operation here
we're gonna be about seeing about 10,000
people here over the course of the
weekend coming through and you not only
grill up the food so you also produce a
go through what do we see here well
today we have whole pig and broths we're
cooking pork belly pork loin and our
famous baby back ribs
and now family's involved in tourism
families involved in the business I am a
fourth generation part of pork
agriculture my dog
are in the business my father my sister
brother-in-law and my husband so we are
not just a pork production family we
also employ a lot of other people's
families
almost 500 yep in Stephanie and Ali this
is one of the things when you have those
conversations there's a lot of people
that are associated with the business as
well so pork is foundational to the Iowa
economy yes when you see these trade
negotiations underway the tariff that is
put what is your concern well the one
thing is is that if it's for the long
term that could be very devastating for
the industry but we know a lot of things
because pork is a very flexible
agriculture some of these things are
short-term we do feel like we're pawns
in the chess game of the trade wars and
everything else but for the short term
the American producers can have cheaper
bacon and ribs for the summer let's
leave that your message to President
Trump my message to President Trump
let's just make things work for
everybody involved and not make let's
make this short-term we all want to make
it fair that's really can I ask a
question there then what I need to
understand is when you sell pork to
particular buyers and those buyers
impose tariffs and then suddenly you
can't sell to them how flexible if you
can ask your guests how flexible is that
market so she says that Americans will
have cheaper ham and bacon
perhaps in the short term are what is
the way in which your guest there finds
other markets to replace markets that
impose tariffs on American pork so each
year Ali has the question each year you
produce a certain number of hogs 460
thousand hogs if Mexico if China if the
number of hogs going out to those
exports is limited how do you find new
markets most of the time it's being
innovative with the market and
especially the American market we've
gone through market instabilities before
and we've had to find new pork
identities so in the 80s when everyone
wanted leaner pork and all the pork was
fattier and bacony we had to change the
Dianetics and so we had to make that fit
the consumers desires so right now a lot
of people are going for all-natural pork
antibiotic-free
organic pork and we've seen that on the
American side as well where our
consumers have become a more refined
palate and that's where producers may be
able to capture a market that wouldn't
be
as evil easily viable across market how
easy is that for you to adjust it's not
easy but pork producers work hard so
they'll find a way to make it happen a
lot of people have been doing this for
so many years this is just one more bump
in the road in the world market that's
great that's not that's about an America
as an American response as you get right
they're facing uncertainty they're
worried about it and they're gonna come
up with innovation that's remarkable
it's bring John into this yeah john
harwood I should have introduced you
before but when I saw Vaughn and I saw
those smokers behind them I was lose all
set he's in this bacon bonanza sorry
about that made me hungry too yeah okay
so the EU announced today that it is
going to be imposing retaliatory tariffs
on u.s. steel and aluminum that starts
July 1st Canada also imposing tariffs on
a wide range of products that's starting
July 1st and that includes the 25%
tariff on steel and 10% tariffs on
aluminum and then you got a lot of
things in there you got yo you got Jamie
West you guys very much walk us through
how this is all gonna play out the fact
that we're hearing that this could take
us back to the 2008 financial crisis
level how bad can this get well I'd be
surprised if it got to that level
because usually when President Trump
meets formidable resistance he backs off
so it is possible that given all the
alarms that are being sounded by
Republican members of Congress from
agricultural States from the business
roundtable yesterday national
association of business economists
yesterday downgraded in their survey
their forecasts for growth in 2018 from
the previous survey this trade overhang
is bad for the economy Republicans need
a good economy to succeed in midterm
elections so one possibility is a
president Trump in the face of all this
makes a lot of noise rattles a lot of
cages and then steps back but if he
doesn't do that we're headed for real
trouble with allies at a time when we're
not even addressing in the trade
discussions that we're talking about
right now or the indications that we
have
we're not even addressing the big threat
from China over theft of intellectual
property and the the
Industrial planning that they're doing
to try to take over artificial
intelligence and other industries like
that we are fighting our allies at a
time when we need them to confront China
so you know John we've discussed as many
times that there are people with
legitimate concerns about these trade
deals and how they've affected their
industries and their jobs and to
president Trump's credit he is campaign
saying he's going to do something about
it and he's going out to do something
about it and it's not business as usual
so he goes to the G summit in Canada on
Friday where he's meeting with leaders
of Canada and the EU nations at what
point do they does this sort of bring
something like this to a halt because
everybody's mad at the US or do they
have business that they can continue to
do while acknowledging Donald Trump's
complaint on behalf of many American
workers that we need new trade
arrangements well there's some business
they can do and there's a lot of routine
business that goes on between finance
and trade ministries of these various
countries but the United States
make no mistake is becoming isolated it
is being condemned by its allies for the
actions that it's taking and one of the
things that we've learned about the
world over the last couple of decades is
that you need allies to get something
done the world is too globally connected
you can't America can't be the world's
policeman but it also can't vindicate
its own interests by itself and so it's
a difficult situation the president's
now talking about trying to break up
NAFTA into separate vs. Nexus Co in
Canada yeah that is going to be a
non-starter ultimately I think he's
going to be faced with a decision of
either pulling out of the existing NAFTA
or getting nothing nothing done at all
that in those various industrialized
countries that provides the the g7 or
the g20 there are constituents in those
countries who have very similar concerns
right they almost everybody in the world
thinks they got a fair and unfair trade
deal from someone else so it'll be
interesting to see how this plays out
because I'm sure there are Canadians and
we know there are Britons because that's
why they voted for brexit who feel that
we don't have trade deals with everybody
else the interesting to see that
that's why you have big multilateral
trade deals it's because everybody has
skin in the game everybody has got to
make compromises so Canada and Mexico
were part of the trans-pacific
partnership which renegotiated NAFTA but
that of course the president backed out
of that again isolating the United
States yell in the world stage hey MSNBC
fans thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
