how did you found out about the
commutation through the media through
television yes and then they heard one
of our attorneys contacted me shortly
after like second as I found out what
did the attorneys tell you what did her
lawyers say that it was true to see that
you know she's screaming on the phone
and that is true that he has commutators
that Trump has commuted her in it I want
to publicly thank President Trump for
doing that that's awesome let's talk a
little bit but you test I'm sorry I
didn't mean to interrupt you there talk
to me a little bit about how we got here
and how this whole lobbying effort
started it started with kim kardashian
seeing a video of my mom stop by mike
news organization and she and you'd have
to talk to her directly but she decided
to be an advocate for my mom and
contacted through my mom through her
attorney Shawn Holly and it went from
there
so just definitely something that we
never would have guessed turn of events
so we're so thankful and so grateful for
it so I'm just I'm a little bit
discombobulated right now it's just like
I cannot go is this awesome today's a
great day I can only imagine do do we
know whether your mother has found out
officially just yet yeah she has found
out what was hurry I was just on the
phone with her she's elated it's like
surreal it's been so long it's just my
sister's going down to pick her up today
so she's getting out today yeah well I
think so they were talking I was just on
the conference card and get to hear all
of the plans yet but the plan is to go
down and drive to get her this is for
viewers and listeners who may not be
familiar with their story to Tesla this
is Alice Johnson she is a 63 year old
mother of four six grandchildren one
great grandchild and she was sentenced
to life in prison back in 1996 it was a
first-time
nonviolent drug offense and she has
become in so many ways the face of a
criminal justice system in this country
that is very much broken do you know
what your mother's plans are when she
gets out her tussle no we're still
working on that we have you know there's
the kind of combination for her to stay
a job and all of that but as far as what
she plans to do whatever she wants to do
we haven't discussed specifics though
but she definitely does have a place to
live and employment and all that taken
care of so we're we're we're still this
we're still planning we have no idea
I haven't even known for an hour yet I'm
sure there'll be a big celebration with
the family and all of that far as what
she plans to Dino she plans on
continuing to work with women in prison
to help fight recidivism and not forget
those that that are still in her same
situation there are a lot of Alice
Johnson still out there so she doesn't
plan to just go disappear and you know
say I'm out you know and it's all about
her she tends only keeps fighting for
the ones that weren't so fortunate she
is they weren't the black cheetah there
are a lot of folks like you said who are
in your a similar situation to your
mother who don't have a Kim Kardashian
who don't have the ear of a celebrity or
well-known person to to lobby on their
behalf what was it about your mother's
story in particular you think that
really resonated with with folks
I think my mother has a kind heart and
that that sunshine should shine through
in the video she did with Mike and she's
truly repentant for her actions and that
she truly wants to make a difference
she's made a difference inside of prison
you know she wants to make a difference
on the outside you know as far as what
resonated with Kim I remember her saying
in the interview you know imagine what
your worst thing you ever did and you're
punished for nonviolent offense and your
pines for the rest of your life and just
the injustice of that and I think that
inspired her to help my mother a person
that she's never met you know I'm super
thankful for cancer for doing that you
you thanked President Trump do you have
a message for Kim Kardashian this
afternoon as well I think Kim Kardashian
from the bottom I think up from the
bottom of my heart
I truly do uh-huh I'll never forget what
she's done you know I want to build a
shrine I'm joking but ironically I mean
you know she's an amazing person and I
be so grateful for what she's done and I
think president Truong myself for
extending the mercy choice my mother and
giving her a second chance because this
is really saving her life but she was
gonna die and die in prison
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
