a very harsh criticism for his decision
to carry on with Tuesday's celebration
of America after withdrawing an
invitation to the Super Bowl champion
Philadelphia Eagles the latest battle in
the president's ongoing feud with the
NFL could signal what is to come for the
traditional White House visits for
professional athletes leaders of both
the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Golden
State Warriors say no matter who wins
the NBA championship neither team wants
to go to the White House I mean I know
no matter who wins this series no one's
no one wants to invite anyway so it
won't be going said or Cleveland going I
agree with Braun pretty sure the way we
handled things last year
kind of stayed consistent with that
isn't it terrible it's a beautiful
tradition to see them go to the White
House remember there were members of the
Philadelphia Eagles who accepted the
president's invitation he canceled on
them Mark Thompson Bret Stevens back
with me okay Bret to you first the White
House claims they went on with the
celebration because of the fans but a
reporter asked the mix of who was in
that crowd meaning was it White House
interns Capitol Hill interns or real
Philadelphia Eagles fans and the White
House didn't want to answer and there
are stories that they were asking people
in the crowd who's the quarterback for
the Philadelphia Eagles and people
couldn't answer I mean listen I might
not be an Eagles fan but if I was an
Eagles fan I sure as heck would know
there was even one who was walking
toward the press line and his friend
said no no remember we're not allowed to
talk to them says oh I mean I'm sorry
but this reminds me of certain regimes
around the world the Maduro regime in
venezuela comes to mind that pumps out
its its followers to create an
appearance of unity and celebration when
one that went it's simply not there and
what just always stuns me and it
shouldn't stunned me because we've had
two and a half three years to get used
to this which is the continual
weaponization of differences when we
should have conciliation that is the
stalking trade of this presidency
okay mark NBC's Peter Alexander asks
Sarah Huckabee Sanders if we're talking
freedom of speech what's the difference
between the Baker who turned on a gay
couple in Colorado and the NFL players
right to simply voice their opinion so I
guess my question is simple so if the
White House supports the Baker's right
of free speech why doesn't the White
House support the players right to free
speech the president doesn't think that
this is an issue simply of free speech
he thinks it's about respecting the men
and women of our military it's about
respecting our national anthem and it's
about standing out of pride for that and
if you speak to people who do serve this
country they don't take an issue of it
right and as usual Sarah's obfuscating
fifty years ago yesterday Bobby Kennedy
walked through the kitchen of the
Ambassador Hotel on his right was a
great african-american athlete of gold
medalists right for Johnson on his left
a former NFL player rosey Grier they
took him to the podium they walked him
off the podium where he lost his life
literally 50 years to the day Trump
hoses ceremony and it's a part of his
overall movement to attack African
American athletes and cause division we
just talked about pork farmers in the
Dakotas mybo Kennedy won California and
South Dakota and said at the Ambassador
Hotel that we can win an urban state
like California when a rural state like
South Dakota we can have unity here in
America
what's Trump doing dividing America
that's what he's all about and
specifically what about Brett's word
weaponized he's weaponized a national
anthem
so he wants to even cause division on
NFL teams some can stay in a locker room
if they want to take a knee others can
go out that's right none and so the
Union I think has to step in and come up
with a collective policy so players
won't be your field divided I want to
get little bit of credit because when
this policy first came out I came on
this network and I said that the NFL
season begins in September
perfect time for him to weaponize it for
the midterms The Associated Press spoke
to an anonymous source in the White
House on Monday and they revealed that
that is his direct intention to use this
and keep bringing it up especially in
September in October he wants to try to
use the most popular sport in this
country to divide the country than
welcome NFL owners who are among the
wealthiest white men in this country who
know that stamp that taking a knee
during the national anthem is not
standing against the military those very
wealthy and influential men have the
opportunity to say no mr. president
you're not going to weaponize this this
is a false premise e it also I mean it
just shows the point you made at the
beginning of the segment is so right
because you know to love freedom is to
exercise it and that is what I think
those players are doing I happen to
disagree with the protest but they are
exercising and therefore loving their
freedom of speech their freedom of
expression that's exactly the conclusion
of the seven to two majority vote in in
the Supreme Court I don't agree with
what the Baker is doing I you know I
think you should you should give cakes
to everyone but he's exercising his
freedom of consciousness First Amendment
rights
why can't conservatives have I mean this
is almost an IQ question if you're just
consistent this is a pure free speech
play let's just accept the players
rights to act to protest as they see fit
and say okay they are exercising their
freedom but you do it if it helps you in
the midterm of course I mean that's just
yes all about or you can say let's put
decency before politics before business
and if we do that we will have the
opportunity to come together
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
