now to this President Trump hosted a
celebration of the American flag
yesterday at the White House in place of
a visit from Superbowl champion
Philadelphia Eagles the entire ceremony
including the singing of the national
anthem and god Bless America lasted
about eight minutes Trump also gave a
short speech where he mainly talked
about the unemployment rate and the
state of the economy not sure he knows
the words to the songs some were
wondering NBC News has learned that
Trump called off the Eagles visit
because he didn't want the optics of
having fewer than 10 people show up that
correlates with a White House statement
from yesterday which says that the event
was canceled because only a quotes a
smaller group of players planned to the
attend and that a deal could not be
struck to reschedule that is
significantly different from the
president's explanation on Monday that
it was because they quote disagree with
their president because he insists that
they proudly stand for the national
anthem no Eagle players took a knee
during the anthem last year although
yesterday I believe somebody did in the
audience of the White House here is
press secretary soraka B Sanders who had
a really difficult press briefing
yesterday explaining the White House's
position on the matter this isn't about
the national anthem it's about so few
players coming in the end the president
has been very clear what his position is
in regards to the national anthem the
Eagles were the ones that committed to
an event on Friday they submitted over
80 members of the Eagles franchise for
the event along with over a thousand
fans to participate and it was the
Eagles organization that tried to change
their commitment at the 11th hour if
this once again if this wasn't a
political stunt and they wouldn't have
planned to attend the event and then
backed out they made that change at the
last minute not the president I don't
even know what to say Joe in response to
that I'm and Alex doesn't want me to say
anything so maybe I ought to go to Heidi
no it's just I mean she was asked a lot
of questions just right the prep press
briefing we're gonna get those sound
bites more reporters were asking her how
can we ask you questions how can you say
that you're telling us the truth when
everything that you say turns out to be
not true yeah you know there's a problem
that Sean Spicer had and at some point
when you're in that position you just
have to move on because you don't have
credibility that'll happen with Sarah
Huckabee Sanders too either she will
have to leave because she loses all
credibility or she will leave on her own
volition but yesterday heidi what we saw
was in donald trump and i will say i am
meek and i've had debates on this mm-hmm
i am a conservative guy i am a
conservative white guy born in the
middle of the century in middle america
so of course when i hear the national
anthem i want everybody to stand up and
I want everybody to salute one thing I
do not want and I understand I
understand the protests as well because
meek and I
unlike Donald Trump and his enemies that
he tries to create we actually have sat
and we've talked through it and we've
worked through it which is something
that what a remarkable gesture would be
if the president went to Philadelphia
and sat and talked to these players and
said let's figure this out together
but exactly instead he weapon eise's the
national anthem and cheapens the whole
thing well that's the problem here is
that Trump has made a political
calculation that having this culture war
is good for him he said he wants to use
this as a midterm issue and that he may
continue to bring it up so much so he
wants this that he's actually
misrepresenting the team players here
none of these players actually kneeled
throughout the season and yet he's using
this as an excuse to cancel the meeting
they said that they whittled the numbers
well Joe Lockhart was on television the
other night
you never assumed that all of the
players are going to be coming when you
host one of these events so that's a
farce the President himself said it was
because they weren't kneeling
so he's misrepresenting these players
and he wants this as a campaign issue -
your first comment if he really wanted
to have a civil dialogue with these
players the White House would start with
acknowledging why they're kneeling as
you saw in the press briefing yesterday
Sarah Huckabee Sanders they will not
even acknowledge that the reason why
these players are kneeling is to protest
police brutality and the uneven
treatment of minorities no they want the
issue they want to say that they're
disrespectful disloyal and unpatriotic
well and again again as a conservative
you know I've spent my time in in
Congress and I've spent my time on
television again defending law
enforcement whenever possible whenever I
can but Mike Barnicle in America we have
seen it time and again and it angers the
the 95 percent of the police force that
are that are good that do their job that
protect us all there there are incidents
where in where black men are shot in the
back as we saw I believe in North
Charleston and you see it in the stops
you see it day in and day out and again
this is something that long the law
enforcement community is working hard to
to solve a problem they're working to
solve and you can't even get Donald
Trump just sit down with the players and
say I understand there's a problem I'm
Pro law-enforcement there's a problem
let's sit down here now what's a good
way for us to resolve this where you
stand at the anthem but we find another
way where it's voluntary where if you
want to protest in other ways you can do
that and again just
to start the dialogue that's what a
leader would do that's but the Donald
Trump just doesn't have it in his DNA
does it does he know he doesn't Joe and
Heidi was absolutely right I mean
everything including saluting the flag
the star-spangled banner has to be about
him it has to revolve around him rather
than the reality of a real issue that
involves race and deep feelings about
the inequitable treatment of minorities
in this country but that's not enough
for him because it's not all about him
and to talk about this and the
president's behavior yesterday with his
forced patriotism on a day like this
when we're talking about d-day when
we're talking about what happened in
1968 seems almost like a stain on the
day yeah I mean we show these pictures
in a loop of the people standing by the
rail lines all down the East Coast to
Washington DC as Robert Kennedy's
funeral train passed many of them
saluting many of them holding the
American flag many of them with the hand
over their hearts they were not forced
to do this they did it because they
loved the country and they were caught
in the spirit of the moment the sadness
and the tragedy and the sense of loss
they weren't forced to do this there
wasn't a president then who said you
have to do this and unless you do this
you are unpatriotic there was no one
like that on the scene but there is
today yeah Michael and yet you you know
you know Mika those those men that storm
the beaches of Normandy on this day in
1944 for you know the hoist American
flag on the top of those cliffs in march
towards Berlin and Hitler and the men
that held the flag up on Iwo Jima and at
Inchon caisson they they they didn't do
it so a commander-in-chief all these
years later could tell aides
reports say that Donald Trump told aides
earlier this year that he was going to
use the American flag and he was going
to use the star-spangled banner as a
political backdrop as a political prop
because he believed it helped his party
as the midterms were approaching and
that's exactly what happened yesterday
the weaponization of the American flag
and all the things that those been
fought and died for on the beaches of
Normandy so many years ago well we're
gonna try really hard I agree with you
Mike not to make it a stain on the day
and remember this day with the voices
like Michael Beschloss is yours Mike Tom
Brokaw we'll be hearing from him today
and look forward to that it's not just a
stain on the day though it's sustained
on this presidency on the office of the
presidency on the White House and all
over the halls of the Congress I've
never seen anything like it in my
lifetime don't know how they do it
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
