last night we had a senior ACLU lawyer
here on the show talking about this new
policy of the Trump administration where
the federal government is now forcibly
taking babies and kids away from their
parents and locking them up if the
families caught crossing the border
without papers one of the ways we've
been grappling grapple ating grappling
with the implications of this new policy
is that we've been trying to figure out
what our government is doing with the
babies and the kids once they take them
away on Sunday Senator Jeff Merkley went
to Brownsville Texas where he said a
disused Walmart Supercenter is now being
used to house he thinks about a thousand
kids he doesn't know for sure because
they wouldn't let him in to see the
facility and they called the cops on him
who told him to leave that big facility
was in Brownsville Texas that was the
old Walmart thousand kids same senator
Senator Jeff Merkley says that on that
same trip he also saw kids being kept in
cages at a border processing facility in
McAllen Texas which is about an hour
west of Brownsville also right on the
border well the first room had a series
of cages that look a lot like dog
kennels in which people had recently
arrived and been put into them they were
very crowded the individuals had space
blankets so you had all these silver
space blankets no mattresses and very
people looking very distressed and upset
a number of women holding children in
their arms and then adjacent to that is
a very very large warehouse with much
larger cages and in those the children
have already been separated away from
the parents there was one cage that had
children who were young boys who were
being lined up for food and they started
with the smallest in front so you had a
little toddler I don't know he must have
been four or five years old up through
youth that are 16 or 17 so here's what
we think is happening kids and babies
have never before been ripped away from
their moms and dads at the border this
is a new policy put in place by the
Trump administration in the past
obviously there have been kids who have
crossed the border illegally alone and
so the US has had fils facilities to
handle those young people mostly
teenagers
but babies and toddlers who were with
their parents until the government
stepped in to take them out of their
mother's arms that is new now the first
place we think they are taking them is
to these border stations where nobody's
supposed to be kept more than 72 hours
that's the kind of place where Senator
Merkley says he saw kids in cages with
just little foil space blankets and
that's it after 72 hours at the most
people are supposed to be moved out of
places like that at the border to these
shelters like the one that he went to at
the old Walmart the shelters that are
theoretically supposed to be able to
hold people for longer periods of time
but those facilities were never supposed
to be taking in unaccompanied babies and
toddlers
well now NBC News has a new exclusive
report that gives us two important new
pieces of information when it comes to
finding these kids number one NBC
reports that hundreds of kids are being
kept at those facilities on the border
the ones with the cages for longer than
72 hours supposed to be 72 hours max
kids are staying there longer than that
and we're talking about hundreds of kids
younger than 12 second thing that NBC is
reporting is that these kids are not
being moved out of the cages and into
the bigger shelters because they don't
have any more room there are over 11,000
kids being held alone in those bigger
shelters and now the backlog is
apparently resulting in kids being kept
locked up at the cages at the border
waiting for a place NBC also reports
today that the Trump administration's
plan to solve this is at least for now
to have officials start touring
Goodfellow Air Force Base
Dyess Air Force Base and Fort Bliss to
see if maybe these babies and little
kids can be put there so that's your tax
dollars at work now on orders from the
president it's now the job of some
federal government employees to forcibly
take babies away from their mothers
where they are first locked up in cages
at the border with space blankets for
comfort if they're lucky they might
eventually get moved to a giant disused
Walmart with a thousand other kids and
since that system is breaking down maybe
military bases that
hey there are miss Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
