last night special prosecutor Robert
Muller once again made Donald Trump's
life a bit more difficult and possibly
even miserable and so today the
president once again tried to change the
subject to what has become his favorite
subject football and genuflecting two
things there is no evidence that Donald
Trump is currently capable of doing play
football or genuflect two things that
have absolutely nothing to do with the
American presidency if Donald Trump
could have his way we would spend the
entire hour discussing football and
kneeling in the star-spangled banner but
this is not one of those cable news
hours where Donald Trump gets to have
his way and so we are going to turn to
the latest details of the special
prosecutors investigation while at the
same time trying to keep an eye on the
big picture of Trump world sometimes we
lose that focus on the big picture the
big picture that is always always about
the money June 15th June 15th could be
the last time Paul Manafort wakes up in
his own bed at home June 15th is a
Friday it's a week from this Friday and
that is the day that federal judge Amy
Berman Jackson has scheduled to have a
hearing to decide whether to revoke Paul
manna forts bail and put him in jail
while he waits to go to trial on charges
of money laundering and other federal
crimes
the crimes Paul Manafort is currently
charged with all involve things Paul
Manafort did before he got involved with
the Trump presidential campaign and so
if the prosecutors are right Paul
Manafort was a criminal before he joined
the Trump campaign now why would a
criminal want to join a presidential
campaign when you pull back and you look
at the big picture of Paul Manta for its
life and work it's very easy to see that
everything
everything Paul Manafort did everything
was about the money which brings us to
tonight's big picture reminder about
Trump world and everyone in it it's the
money stupid and that of course is a
paraphrase of James Carville's famous
Clinton campaign rule of 1992 it's the
economy stupid that's what James
Carville wanted everyone on the Clinton
campaign to remember no matter how
bogged down they might get in different
day-to-day details of the campaign and
day to day controversies the one thing
they needed to always remember was it's
the economy stupid and as we dig deeply
every night into every twist and turn of
the special prosecutors investigation
the one thing you should hold on to
because you cannot hold on to all of
these details no one can do it the one
thing you should hold on to is it's the
money stupid that's why Paul Manafort
volunteered to work on the Trump
campaign for no money for no paycheck
from the campaign Paul Manafort was
doing that for the money the big money
that he hopes to get from his
international money laundering partners
because of his association with the
Trump presidential campaign and relief
from some of the debt that he had with
some of those people and the reason
Donald Trump wanted Paul Manafort to
take over his campaign was the money the
money that Donald Trump didn't have to
pay Paul Manafort because Paul Manafort
was gonna do it for free and the money
that Paul Manafort might be able to help
Donald Trump line up for financing of
his various projects around the world
financing that Paul Manafort might be
able to help arrange through a Russian
oligarch or two that decision by Paul
Manafort and Donald Trump to put Paul
Manafort in charge of the Trump campaign
that decision made by both of them for
money might turn out to be the worst
decision either of them has ever made in
their lives because it could put Paul
Manafort in jail on June 15th and every
hour in jail is going to increase the
pressure on a man like Paul Manafort to
tell the special prosecutor everything
he knows about
including everything Paul Manafort might
know about how Donald Trump has obtained
financing after American banks stopped
doing business with him and whether
Donald Trump might be guilty of the
kinds of tax evasion that Paul Manafort
is charged with the prosecutors care
about Paul Manafort because they believe
he's guilty of federal crimes we care
about Paul Manafort because he might be
guilty of federal crimes and even more
importantly he might reveal important
information about the President of the
United States Paul Manafort
doesn't want anyone revealing important
information about him and that's what
prosecutors told Judge Amy Berman
Jackson in their motion which says that
quote manna fort has violated federal
law by attempting to tamper with
potential witnesses while on pretrial
release Paul Manafort
is charged with violating the foreign
agents Registration Act by creating a
team of lobbyists called the habsburg
group which included a group of former
senior European politicians who acted as
lobbyists for Ukraine
prosecutors quoted manna forts stated
goal of the program quote to educate
Western media expand the media awareness
of what is really happening and
establish mechanisms to maintain a
constant flow of information into Europe
and the United States including
Washington Paul Manafort did this
without registering himself or anyone
else involved as foreign agents in the
United States prosecutors did not reveal
the identities of the other people
involved in the habsburg group but told
the judge that earlier this year while
manna fort was under indictment quote
manna fort and person a who was a
longtime associate of manna for its
repeatedly contacted persons D 1 and D 2
in an effort to secure materially false
testimony concerning the activities of
the habsburg group prosecutors detailed
manna forts attempt to influence these
witnesses manna fort called person D one
on person D ones cellular phone
deewan sought to avoid men afford so
person d1 ended the call mana fort also
sent person d1 a text message on an
encrypted application stating this is
Paul mana fort used the same encrypted
application to send person d1 a news
article describing the superseding
indictments allegations concerning the
Hapsburg group which included the
statement that two European politicians
were secretly paid around 2 million
euros by mana Ford in order to take
positions favourable to Ukraine
including by lobbying in the United
States one minute after sending the news
article mana fort wrote we should talk I
have made clear that they worked in
Europe person d1 has told the government
that he understood mana for its outreach
to be an effort to suborn perjury
because person d1 knew that the habsburg
group worked in the United States not
just Europe leading off our discussion
now Natasha Bertrand staff writer at the
Atlantic and Paul Butler professor of
law at Georgetown University and a
former federal prosecutor also s Matt
Miller former spokesperson for Attorney
General Eric Holder all our MSNBC
contributors and Matt Miller I want to
start with you on your reading of the
the possibility that we may now have a
new crime not this is not just about
possibly revoking the bail of Paul
Manafort because of this but very likely
it seems charging him with this new
crime of trying to suborn perjury yeah I
think it's quite possible you will see
another superseding indictment I think
it would be the fourth time that Paul
Manafort has been indicted by the
special counsel of course been indicted
in two separate districts but but in
advance of that it's clear they wanted
to get this information in front of the
judge as quickly as they could because
they want to put the Paul Manafort
Paul Bantam Ford behind bars I think
they want to do that for two reasons one
you know this is the type of conduct
that would offend any prosecutor we have
someone who's already under indictment
who's out awaiting trial and is actively
contacting potential witnesses in that
trial and trying to get them to lie when
they come before when they've come
before court when that trial takes place
it's the kind of thing that prosecutor
that really drives prosecutor Craig
crazy and they want to stop immediately
the other thing I think you see is that
the you know the the latest step in this
continuing trend of robert muller piling
every bit of pressure he can on paul
metaphor i mentioned he's already been
indicted three times you know look he's
wearing two ankle bracelets already he's
not been able to fully make bail he's
been under supervised release at home
he's facing twenty to thirty years in
jail if he is convicted and it seems
likely to he will be convicted he is
under an enormous amount of pressure and
muller has tried every step of this way
to tighten the grip on him make him
eventually cave and come in and telling
everything he knows Paul Butler is a
former prosecutor I'm sure you've seen
people under indictment tried to effect
possible witnesses in their cases but
what do you make of what would appears
to be the case here is that these
witnesses were either immediately in
contact with the government about this
or had already been in contact with the
government so it seems as if these
unnamed witnesses knew exactly who to
tell as soon as this happened yeah so
the very day that mana Ford is indicted
he starts reaching out to potential
witnesses by text and calls yo let's get
our story together you know they're
saying that we should have registered
because we were lobbying in the United
States but you know we were really
lobbying in Europe so we didn't have to
register right right they said I'm not
gonna have this conversation and
sometimes some of them actually call the
prosecutor one because they don't want
that kind of exposure and B this is so
blatant it's so obviously wrong it
really ticks judges off because it goes
to the integrity of the judicial process
so I think mother wants to get this in
front of Judge Jackson because it's
going to make her think very seriously
about how the man afford sit in jail
until the trial
that gives Muller more bargaining power
the other thing Lords is that this is
evidence of consciousness of guilt for
the actual trial because you don't try
to suborn perjury you don't try to shape
when this testimony unless you think
they're gonna incriminate you at the
trial what do you think is gonna happen
on June 15th will she revoke the
now you know the judge has a lot of
discretion but again this is something
that when it goes to how the court
operates judges take very seriously so I
expect that the judge is going to very
seriously consider again having instant
in jail until his trial the ankle
bracelets didn't work the gag order
didn't work so this is the next most
severe penalty you got a signature and
is it conceivable to you that that Paul
Manafort has criminal defense attorneys
who did not say to him under no
circumstances should you try to reach
anyone the surveillance is it is
complete and the possibility that the
special prosecutor already has access to
those people who you might try to reach
is very high don't do anything like this
is it possible they didn't warn them
it's virtually impossible it's something
any criminal defense attorney would do
this is a 70 year old man who's looking
at 20-year felony 'he's mother seems to
think she's got the goods on the
precedent so they know that mother's
interested in trying to get him to cop a
deal to cooperate he hasn't done that
you know the lawyers know what time it
is so yeah they told them don't do it
sometimes clients just don't listen
Natasha what strikes me about the way
this story unfolds is is apparently in
the reading of it just how quickly these
people Paul Manafort called and tried to
contact immediately told what they knew
to the special prosecutor yeah it's
really interesting because this doesn't
seem like the most damaging part of the
allegations against Paul Manafort at
this point I mean this was a lobbying
group that he set up it was in violation
of course of the foreign agents
Registration Act but the fact that he
seemed so concerned about the idea that
there were news articles floating around
saying that this group did in fact Lobby
in the US instead of in Europe raises
questions about whether he thought there
was something more serious at play there
and this of course is not out of
character for Paul Manafort either I
mean he's just generally a reckless
person he's operated kind of at the
margins of the law for decades and he
was operating without informing the
Justice Department that he was acting as
a foreign agent over over the last
decade in Ukraine so this is something
where oh man afford
and his allies actually say you know
interestingly that they don't believe
that this that these allegations are
true that Paul Manafort would have done
something like this but anyone who's
observed Paul Manafort behavior over the
last few decades can tell that this is
exactly something that he would have
done immediately because he feels like
he is above the law and he has felt that
way for a very long time
Matt natascha makes a really important
point the failure to register as a
foreign agent when lobbying or appearing
to lobby for foreign country is
something that is the the literally the
least of the charges that that mana fort
is facing and it's something that
happens all the time in Washington and
people try to correct retroactive Lee
and they get just sort of slapped on the
wrist at most for this and it seems like
a really big overreaction to that charge
yeah it is but it's probably the one
place where he thought he could have
some impact with witnesses if you look
at the money-laundering charges against
him those are largely paper cases you
know he those are transactions that the
special counsel has evidence of there's
not much he can do to contradict that
you know one of the things that makes
what he did just so so stupid is he had
to know that that in the months leading
up to his indictment Muller had gone
around and interviewed every one of the
people at every one of the firms he had
hired he was trying they was trying to
make their case and you have to think
one of the things that Muller was
implying to all those people is you know
these firms that he hired the PR firms
and the lobbying firms is you know if
you don't talk to me you might get
charged with your own ferret violation
so Manta fort should have known that all
of these people had been taught had been
talking to Muller before he was indicted
they're gonna be nervous and then if you
imagine being this person Manta fort has
been indicted the day before his
business partner Ric gates is just
agreed to plead guilty you get a call
from Paul Manafort you know trying to
suborn perjury you immediately are gonna
do nothing but pick up the phone and
have your lawyer call the special
counsel to make sure that if he was
listening to that phone conversation by
any chance you get in and get right with
him right away so there's no chance that
you get charged there's also I was just
gonna say there's also an overlooked
part of this which is that Paul Manafort
was actually still communicating with
his longtime political operative friend
russian-ukrainian operative friend
Konstantin : Nick who of course in two
separate
previous court filings by molar he was
identified as someone with ongoing ties
to Russian intelligence so not only was
pulmicort trying to tamper with with
witnesses and influence their testimony
he was using this you know longtime
associate of his who he should be trying
to distance himself from in order to do
that and while Jeff Sessions was busy
today justifying the ripping children
out of the arms of their parents at the
southern border President Trump tweeted
this the Russian witch-hunt hoax
continues all because Jeff Sessions
didn't tell me he was going to recuse
himself I would have quickly picked
someone else so much time and money
wasted so many lives ruins and sessions
knew better than most that there was no
collusion and Paul Butler here's a
president's being investigated for
obstruction of justice and he is saying
if I knew that Jeff Sessions was not
going to protect me from that
investigation he would not be my intern
general the only way this is not smoking
gun evidence of the president's criminal
intent or corrupt intent to impede the
investigation is if you take the
extremely expansive view that his legal
team floated that nothing the president
can do would be obstruction otherwise
it's very incriminating evidence again
every time the president tweets a most
time he preached he provides the most
compelling evidence of his own criminal
intent yeah Matt to that point we're
talking about lawyers representing
clients surely the president's lawyers
not rudy giuliani because he's just the
fake TV lawyer but the real lawyers are
working for the president must have told
him don't say things like this because
these things
this kind of tweets supports to some
degree the concept of obstruction of
justice sure I mean if you look at the
the memo that his lawyers wrote the
Special Counsel in January that we got a
look at over the weekend they went to
great lengths to say that the president
never tried to shut down this
investigation they didn't wanted to want
to shut down that that's not what he
meant when he was talking to Lester Holt
that that's not what he meant when he
told Jim Comey to back off the Mike
Flynn investigation that he wanted this
investigation to proceed all the time
and he knew when he fired Jim Comey that
it wouldn't go
way right you know two days after we see
that memo the president makes very clear
in a tweet that no no forget what my
lawyer said I very much wanted this
investigation to go away and that's why
I wanted the Attorney General to either
not recuse himself in the first place or
as we know he did on three or four
occasions afterwards went back to Jeff
Sessions had asked him to kind of Unruh
queues or withdraw his refusal it's a
really damning moment from from the
president and it's not the first time
he's done this on Twitter he's you know
kind of stumbled into these arguments
before about obstruction of justice that
kind of give away his motive and show
you know that whatever his lawyers try
to say his intent is clear as day the
touch of the president tweeted in in
that tweet so many lives ruined by this
investigation now the lives ruined by
investigations are criminals that's
whose lives get ruined by these
investigations does he mean Paul manna
Ford who does he mean I really don't
know I mean it might be it might be
people like George papadopolis the
former Trump campaign aide of course who
pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI it
might be folks like hope it's the former
communications director who ultimately
the pressure of the Russian
investigation along with the chaos of
the White House ultimately just got to
her but of course these are people who
in terms of George papadopolis Paul
manna for truck gates these are people
like you said who committed crimes so
the fact that now that the president is
trying to reframe this as some kind of
you know effort by Muller to go after
them for for no reason it's just
completely disingenuous and false and
lives ruined is what the president is
doing on the southern border ordering
babies ripped from their mothers and
fathers arms
Natasha Bertrand Paul Butler Matt Miller
thank you all for joining us tonight
really appreciate it thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
