big one tonight the swamp Olympics are
still going strong and Scott Pruett
remains the front-runner for most
corrupt Trump administration official
last week we learned the EPA
Administrator spent a whopping 1560
dollars on a dozen customized silver
fountain pens and we wondered had we
reached peered weirdness / pettiness
from brewing
well no not so fast because yesterday we
found out
Scott Pruett had and I am NOT making
this up and I can't believe I'm
reporting it to you but it's what
happened tasked his publicly funded
government employee assistant with
tracking down a used mattress from the
Trump International Hotel in DC I guess
to save a few bucks maybe it seems like
crude a little more concerned with what
things cost when he's spending his own
money as opposed to yours and that was
the absolute weirdest scott pruett
headline you could ever possibly imagine
until the Washington Post dropped this
beauty today scott pruett
enlisted an EPA aide to help his wife
find a job with chick-fil-a and that
story's thing - in 60 seconds a
Washington Post reports tonight Scott
Pro has once again misused his powers
EPA Administrator this time to get his
wife a gig with chick-fil-a all right
new emails released as part of a FOIA by
the Sierra Club show that Pruitt has
executive scheduler that would be a
government employee who is paid through
public money try to set up a meeting
with the chairman and CEO the
chick-fil-a company last year about a
quote potential business opportunity
which is weird in and of itself he's
running the EPA why is he doing that the
emails show the chick-fil-a referred the
requests to their director for
regulatory and government affairs
assuming this was some sort of official
business eventually Pruitt did speak
with someone from chick-fil-a his legal
department and only then did he reveal
the opportunity on his mind was a job
for his wife Marlin specifically he
wanted his wife to open up a chick-fil-a
franchise a company representative also
told The Washington Post that mrs.
Pruitt started but did not complete the
chick-fil-a franchisee application well
that's too bad but if she ever wants to
finish that application I her husband
has some fancy new pens she could
probably borrow hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
