fallout over Bob Muller alleging that
Donald Trump's former campaign chair
committed a new felony a significant
development that comes as Trump's own
legal team shows some signs of serious
strain Muller filing this motion it
argues that Paul Manafort should be
jailed or have his bail revised because
of new alleged witness tampering this is
by all accounts a surprise move no one
new up until Muller said this that there
was alleged witness tampering going on
and it comes at the same time that
Trump's lawyers admit they put out false
statements denying the Trump wrote that
defense of Don juniors meeting with the
Russians at Trump Tower and those same
lawyers arguing Trump basically can
commit the crime of obstruction because
he's the president and all of this is
happening and I'm not gonna let this go
because it is so important this is all
happening while the current president
has been making the truly bizarre claim
that he can pardon himself but pardons
are for criminals for people who are
convicted or think they need protection
from likely conviction for their crimes
Trump's defenders have argued that any
focus on obstruction is a kind of a sour
grapes for a lack of collusion evidence
that it's a kind of a runner-up to any
real crime that didn't actually occur no
as we've reported here that's not a
serious legal argument obstruction is a
felony but it could have some appeal to
general public or to Congress which may
ultimately adjudicate issues with the
president now put that in the context
here of tonight's news which shows
something else it shows hints of
something far worse potentially for the
White House elements of on going and
even coordinated obstruction in order to
try to prevent Bob Miller from gathering
the evidence of yes are there crimes
that is to say not just imaginary
obstruction for its own sake and there
are also signs in this filing now that
we've all digested it that Bob Miller is
winning this part of the battle the new
motion against Manta Ford alleging that
his tampering with an open case is quote
obstructive conduct listing evidence
that he secretly tried to contact
witnesses to influence their testimony
and to conceal evidence and the evidence
well a lot of it we can see it already
includes a sworn
declaration from an FBI agent detailing
how mana fort basically clumsily tried
to use a secret encrypted messaging
system to reach witnesses in the hopes
that Muller would not found out but
Muller did find out and in his argument
the mana Ford should probably be jailed
before trial he lists out some of those
texts and Mota cons and everything the
filing is from Muller and Andrew White's
Manhattan he's the aggressive prosecutor
the Trump's own lawyer has complained
about in fact back on the beat in April
he alleged that this very prosecutor
would try to set Trump up it depends on
who's asking the questions if the deputy
chief
Andrew Wiseman is behind the asking of
the questions then it's for the purpose
of setting him up because among the
people he's indicted there'll be one or
two people we cooperating informa
witnesses that lawyer knew Weissman's
rep for pressing witnesses into flippin
now one way to do that is to just scare
them in general
another is to find a lawful means to
jail them before trial which means the
thing that might scare them at the end
of the trial day to day life in prison
that can come way earlier now is that
legit sure bail agreements have the
force of law violating them could put
you in jail long before your trial as
Martin shkreli learned Hillary the judge
to revoke his bail violating bail can
also raise the cost of the bail
agreement you're under Lindsay Lowen
learned that after her DUI case which
caused a spike in her bail of 200 grand
now that alone could put more pressure
on mana Ford who recently faced reports
he's running low on funds for his legal
fees and looking for help from his
friends so tonight Paul Manafort faces
real risk of jail before trial and I
want to mention before we get to our
expert panel very important larger
context to that risk in our justice
system did you know that almost 500,000
people are in jail right now awaiting
trial presumed innocent but two of two
poured with
vail now Paul Manafort is rich so he has
avoided that fate so far although when
you think about it he stands accused of
getting rich by laundering money and
committing several felonies if Muller's
evidence holds up a mana for really did
commit another crime while on bail
trying to tamper with and obstruct this
Russia probe consider what it takes for
him to spend just one day in the life of
poor defendants accused in America of
far far less for all this talk of witch
hunts and deep States you are still more
likely to walk the streets as a rich man
caught up in a collusion and money
laundering international probe then a
court then a poor man caught up and say
everyday drug use I turned now to form a
Watergate special prosecutor Nick
Ackerman and near a tanana former top
aide to Hillary Clinton and president of
the Center for American Progress Nick
how real is it as we say for Paul mana
for and speak to the bail system which
has Paul Manafort out because of his
money where where as I just showed a lot
of other people are in because they
don't have money well I don't think the
money is gonna do him any good now I
know his toast
he's got there's two witnesses that will
testify against him that are
corroborated by Paul Manafort own words
and emails that show that he was trying
to tamper with these witnesses to get
them to give a false story at his trial
so you think the judge will respond to
this by jailing Paul Manafort how likely
absolutely think that's what's going to
happen and what's even more significant
if you look at this filing that was
filed yesterday in the federal district
court by man afford I mean by modern
Weitzman right where it really kind of
lays out what the what the witness
tampering here is it's a corrupt
persuasion occurs where a defendant
tells a potential witness a false story
as if the story were true intending that
the witness believed the story and
testified to it and where a defendant
tries to persuade a witness to give a
false story what's really interesting
here is that applies on all fours to
Donald Trump and his right up on what
Don juniors
statement was with respect to that June
9th meeting that was a false statement
that Don Jr later gave to the Senate
committee later gave to investigators
and it's a false story that Donald Trump
has put out there for all of his minions
to follow so if we're talking about Paul
Manafort we also ought to be talking
about Donald Trump Paul Manafort is
known to consider himself tough to not
break if you are right and he is jailed
and he has been around the world he's
dealt with all sorts of sundry
individuals do you see him as being more
likely to break if he's in jail before
trial let me say this before trial and
after trial if they charge in which they
well could with witness tampering which
is a 20-year felony
I think this felony carries more years
than any of the other felonies that he's
charged with he's looking at life in
prison at this time so he's got to make
a very significant choice it's either
him or it's the higher ups that he knows
about near your view of this as
something of a political adversary of
this individual you held a high role in
the Clinton campaign he yelled a high
role in the Trump campaign and and this
behavior as alleged certainly makes him
look guilty er than if it were not
alleged tonight absolutely let's be
clear the reason why you tamper with a
witness is because you're guilty as the
underlying crime if you're not guilty of
anything there's nothing to tamper so
this this act if you know this act of
tampering basically concedes that Paul
Manafort was guilty of the accusations
and at the end of the day we have a
president who's talking much more about
or dangling the idea of pardoning
himself I think we cannot we cannot
forget the fact that Paul Manafort and
these actions closing in on Paul
Manafort really could be closing in on
Donald Trump it's not a coincidence that
he's talking about pardoning himself in
laying the predicate for that
possibility
as the as the walls are closing in on
Paul Manafort and that is why it is
simply outrageous more Republicans and
more Americans aren't saying how
patently absurd it is that a president
can pardon himself obviously a pardon is
for a criminal act at the end of the day
Neera I want to read from the the
charges here that show that Paul
Manafort may have tried very hard to
tamper but didn't actually prove very
proficient at tampering the government
confirmed the messages were sent by
manna fort they reviewed his iCloud
account with a court authorized search
two witnesses contacted their provided
the content of the text messages which
is another way around but this is a
person and the Trump campaign in general
is sometimes credited as you know for
finding a path through the electoral
college for achieving this victory by
spending less money than your the
campaign you were involved with what do
you think this says about his raw
competence look obviously it seems
pretty idiotic to do these things but I
think the reality is he is desperate to
avoid the underlying facts and the truth
is here if you are facing a prosecution
you can go ahead with your trial or his
case I think he is trying to tamper with
witnesses because the underlying case is
probably clear-cut and he's facing the
reality of going to jail or tampering
with witnesses which is obviously an
absurd issue but I don't think we should
take away the fact that he seems like
he's kind of moronic that he can't be a
criminal I mean obviously a lot of
criminals do really stupid things so no
they're actually they're usually the
criminals we we know mostly we catch
them because they do dumb things some of
the more brilliant criminals tend not to
be identified absolutely and I think in
this case look he did a obviously stupid
thing but the alternative may well have
been a clear-cut case that he would go
to jail so he's facing jail time on
either way and either
and he's our route and he tried to avoid
jail time and he obviously exacerbated
his problems well and that really you
say that he tried to avoid it it made it
worse which brings us to Franklin for
he's covered man afford extensively I
should mention for the Atlantic I
believe the New Republic Atlantic
Atlantic I shouldn't have doubted myself
you know
Neera mentions this in his latest piece
I want to mention Paul manna fort losses
is cool
Neera mentions whether manna forts
desperation or his attempt to run here
brought him back to the original sin
which would be committing felonies
you know Bob Marley said you're running
and you're running and you're running
away
right but you can't run away from
yourself right Franklin he said he's a
drowning man walk us through your your
assessment of him cuz you've spent a
great deal of time studying him as a
person well I mean there's a lot of
predicates in the rest of his career I
mean he's been a guy from the very
beginning who is absorbed
who's observed very few moral
limitations he set the rules from
Washington he's continued to push the
envelope throughout his career but then
you get to this moment where this guy
who's normally extremely strategically
minded suddenly loses his cool he's not
he's acting with emotion he's not acting
with attachment he's a drowning man
willing to take all sorts of absurd
risks everything in every molar filing
suggests that he was being watched that
even encrypted communications would be
observed and yet he took this absurd
risk that's completely out of that that
should be out of character for him but
when you're panicked you're willing to
do things that you wouldn't do in other
circumstances so look at what he said
during the campaign when he was pressed
on the very issues which are underlying
in this criminal complaint including
unregistered foreign lobbying and
serving foreign masters wall working for
free for Donald Trump I wonder if he was
lying when he said the following take a
look as mr. Trump asked you to stop
working for certain clients stop doing
work in Ukraine if it's against
America's national security well the
work I was doing in Ukraine was to help
Ukraine get into Europe and we succeeded
but I'm not working for any clients
right now other than mr. Trump and are
you going to make a promise in the
future that if he's president you'll
you'll be careful what clients you take
I I'm always careful with clients of the
day that canary in the coal mines smile
there Franklin number one isn't it part
of the allegation that he continued to
try to serve foreign interests or make
whole certain debts during the pendency
of the campaign that's the obvious lie
and then second the more debatable one
is he always careful the clients he
takes no absolutely not I mean he has
been willing to work for the world's
worst thugs and goons for over the
course of decades and here he had one
primary client for the court over the
course of the last ten years of his
career which was the pro-russian clique
of gangsters who were running Ukraine
and he was so entangled with them wasn't
just a pure consulting relationship he
had business relationships with a lot of
these guys and those relationships were
things that were not easily severed and
there were a lot of untidy endings to
his business affairs that he clearly was
trying to deal with as he was running
the Trump campaign
Neera let me read the response from Paul
Manafort spokesman today mr. Manafort is
innocent nothing about this latest
allegation changes our defense we will
do our talking in court a short
statement I would just note nearer that
one of the allegations is they're not
doing their talking in court the
allegation is they are secretly talking
to witnesses and getting busted for it I
mean I can't take anything Paul Manafort
spokesperson says seriously when is you
just demonstrated he lied during the
campaign he's lied since the campaign
yeah obviously in during this process is
trying to tamper with witnesses you know
I think the court will have to address
how they deal with his bail but the fact
that he's had likely heading to jail
ahead of this trial and we can talk a
lot about how important we should but
obviously Paul Manafort knows a lot
about what Donald Trump was doing he has
keen
knowledge about this infamous meeting he
has keen knowledge about Donald Trump
and his mindset during this entire
campaign particularly when he asked for
Russia for help and all throughout this
period he kept in touch even after he
left the campaign so he's a vital
witness a vital witness for Muller who
is you know looks like he is in a prime
spot given the level of pressure on him
to flip on the president or anyone else
associated yeah it's a big one Nero
Tannen and Franklin for I want to thank
you and turn to the other wild part of
this story with another guest there is
something really odd we've alluded to
about exactly how mana fort got caught
he was using this secret encryption
software which was his attempt to reach
people without Muller seeing to reach
his old associates and hoping no one
would find out but those messages were
also backed up on his Apple iCloud
account making them easy for the feds to
find and literally defeating the purpose
of using a quote encryption tool or to
put another way and this headline speaks
to it it's like putting your diary in a
locked safe in your basement
but then leaving Xeroxes of your diary
out on the front porch for everyone to
read now I want to bring in Chuck nice
who's guest hosted on the view on ABC
and been on our show before and I want
you to know why you're here Chuck please
tell me just give me a second while I
finish writing in my diary which you are
welcome to read we thought about having
in an encryption expert uh-huh and then
we thought we don't actually need an
encryption expert any person exactly who
knows how the iCloud works would know
that you can't use encryption but then
leave it out in the iCloud especially if
you're walking around with an ankle
monitor under federal surveillance what
is your reaction to this so bizarre it's
almost funny although there's some
serious stuff going on underneath it
Kaipo story listen they are not mutually
exclusive it's so far as bizarre it is
hilarious and palmat afford I've got one
thing to say to you my friend and that
is your old
old stop it no better okay
I do sketchy stuff online all the time
but I've got two teenagers and I got the
sense to say hey coming here is there
you hiding this right and they go nah
and then I'm good so it's a real simple
thing is the old or is he also a Luddite
because we get emails and we read some
of them from our beat viewers and some
of them are older but very sophisticated
about technology is it just it's not
just grandpa it's grandpa thinks he's
international criminal mastermind but
doesn't understand the cloud well you
know what it's very funny you say that
because I don't understand why people
think that Paul Manafort is this kind of
slick guy at all like Nick said he's
toast so he'd better start making
breakfast because quite frankly it's
over for him and he's never been smart
he's never been savvy where does he I
think it's the hair and the fillers
that's what give us this image of this
man who is worldly and and sophisticated
think he's conned the political class
into thinking he's savvy let's be honest
this man has been caught at every single
turn he has gotten away with absolutely
nothing
he's I took a bet you know oh he's just
not smart
the prosecutors dream to say oh I got
the secret thing I got the secret thing
but I'm gonna hand it out like what kind
of secret is that it's not surprising
most people don't understand technology
they don't realize how it works they
don't realize how the cloud works they
think that it's encrypted you think you
get whatsapp which i think is what do
you it was what's up yeah what's up
which anybody can get by downloading it
on the internet but what he didn't
realize mana for it uses whatsapp it's
more like what's that dad jokes we got
him on the show go on Nick but I'm just
saying this is not unusual I investigate
these kinds of things all the time it
always just amazes me take us inside
Muller's team the FBI agents what they
find this and then they go and say look
we found him secretly community he
thinks we're not reading this well I
think it's more than that I think the
two people that I miss is here tip them
off and told them they were getting
these calls and
then once they realize they looked at
the emails at the other end and then
went in and got a search warrant on Paul
man affords iCloud account and then got
everything so I think his big problem
was that he was dealing with two people
that were extremely honest that came
forward told the authorities exactly
what was going on just like nobody did
at the June 9th meeting yeah name one
person that went to the authorities
after the Russians showed up and they
told the FBI and they followed it up
just like you would expect them to do in
a normal yeah that's Chuck
Chuck you know what the final question
is please go ahead what is the right
emoji for witness tampering I believe
it's two fists wraps around bars hey I'm
already Melvin from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
