George papadopolis is known as the match
of the Russia probe his conversations
during the campaign helped spark the FBI
probe into whether Trump aids were
colluding with Russia he was the first
person to plead guilty and his wife
Simone Amon jayante is here live tonight
to discuss the road ahead and what
convicts like her husband do think of
Trump's rising talk of pardons now we
first spoke after her interview with
Muller's investigators where she said
they were professional and that she was
happy her husband was cooperating after
pleading guilty to lying to the feds
lately she struck somewhat of a
different tone online retweeting Donald
Trump's reference to lives destroyed by
Muller and noting well there may be
light at the end of the tunnel and that
he could be remembered like John Dean
I'm joined now by Simona Aman jayante
wife of George papadopolis thanks for
being here hi I'm Harry thanks for
inviting me
absolutely when you retweeted Donald
Trump and seemed to be discussing the
idea that there are problems with
Muller's approach have you changed your
mind do you think he has ruined lives no
actually I would like to make a little
specification before i'ma start talking
I declined to comment in respect of the
special counsel any further the case in
concerning my husband George I'm talking
on my own of course my attorney John
Newland advised me that it's perfectly
legal to share my opinion when i
retweeted the tweet from trump is that i
partially agree that young lives has
been owned old because of this
investigation which is lasting a lot but
as soon respected work on Mueller I
didn't change my idea and an extent I'm
not saying it's it's it's wrong I'm just
saying that as I said yesterday because
of an incident and I repeat what I
already said in my previous interview
George is stuck his life is gone
although is just waiting for your
sentencing yes nothing to view with
Russia well right process for anyone
who's awaiting sentencing I understand
that when you say light at the end of
the tunnel it comes in a context I mean
it's a part of you hoping that Donald
Trump may pardon George Papadopoulos
first of all George pled guilty for
lying to the FBI
a crime and there is a misunderstanding
about my mansion - pardon of course he
did a mistake it took responsibility it
got confused in my opinion again I'm
always talking on my sure by myself I'm
not talking on George behalf I just want
to make it clear so everything I say
reflects exclusively in my own opinion
still let's say is his his life is own
old it's not that there is not much you
can do and basically is is stuck in this
situation in which just wait and he did
cooperate he did the right choice so
when I say cooperation doesn't mean
necessarily that I was suggesting that
is the contribution is going to prove
any collusion we don't know the outcome
of the cop you know just to be clear do
you think Donald Trump should consider a
pardon for George papadopolis yes as I
said yesterday I really wish on their
hats yesterday for a pardon but this is
all obviously my expectation as a wife
and as a lawyer doesn't mean he's
innocent of course of being pardoned and
proposed to be guilty that's that's
certainly the case it's something that
you and and it's interesting I mean
we're here in the middle of pardon
season I appreciate you coming on people
who watch the show know we have people
on who have been involved in Muller Pro
because you bring a very particular
experience having gone through the
interviews is the potential pardon
something you've discussed with George
or anyone affiliated with the Trump team
no absolutely not actually his lawyers
who are not happy at all me mentioning
on TV the pardon what I am my own person
and I really have this expectation I
really hope mostly in the light of the
circumstances that came out recently and
became public recently I think that
would completely justify and make a part
on appropriate in his case and deserved
and with opinion but I didn't discuss
anything of that with everyone on the
Trump and briefly with regard to
cooperating do you know did George ever
offer to do any extra steps to wear a
wire or anything like that during this
process that's absolutely I don't know
and I can comment any of this well I'll
tell you and I've spoken before and I
appreciate what you mentioned the
situation you're in and all
so that lawyers often prefer people say
nothing I'm familiar with that concept
but as a journalist we do appreciate
when people will share something and so
it's always interesting Simona manjhi
aunty thank you for coming on hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
