this morning a New York City judge dealt
a blow to president trumping yet another
case involving a woman this time one
accusing him of sexual misconduct the
judge ruled former apprentice contestant
summer servos can depose the president
as part of her defamation lawsuit
against Trump and according to court
documents she has until the end of next
January to do so as New York Times
reporter Megan - he makes the point that
while Michael avenatti and stormy
Daniels may be getting all the attention
as it quietly proceeds this case appears
to pose much more danger to trump servos
who is one of more than a dozen women
accusing the president of misconduct
claims trunk groped her and subjected
her to unwanted kissing in 2007 the
president claimed it was quote a wait
for it
hoax prompting servos to file a
defamation suit yeah some reserved us we
don't talk about her as much as we talk
about star media no we don't but look I
mean the whole thing there's the first
the first thing that we learned was that
that is that when the judge ruled in
this case that discovery was gonna be
allowed that this case was gonna go
forward and when the discovery what what
summers or Bose wants is she wants a
huge amount of stuff related to Trump's
behavior around the time that she was a
contestant on The Apprentice
so let's that stuff well it's the famous
the the holy grail for Democrats in 2016
were the apprentice tapes where Trump
supposedly said all these racist
misogynist anti-semitic horrible things
supposedly and that Mark Burnett would
never give up if the the scope of
discovery that the court has granted to
this point if that is if that gig
remains consistent all those tapes are
gonna get are gonna have to come forward
and Mark Burnett will not be able to
withhold them if the court imposes the
say it sticks to what its ruling
currently is that will bring forward an
incredible potential treasure trove of
things if if the rumors are to be
believed about what's there what Chris
getting him under oath is a win that is
probably it's gonna ask she's gonna get
asked about other women he's gonna be
asked about his behavior on the set and
he will have a choice as dumb from
always does does he lie or does he
actually tell the truth and if he lies
then we're back to Bill Clinton and
perjury in a civil matter we saw this
movie before Harry
one of the president's advisor said to
me yesterday that the
and his core is afraid of risk and
that's why he ultimately settled the
Trump University case this case seems to
represent a whole lot of risk and the
president's attorney Marc caso it's
proving that no character has ever gone
they just wait till their plot turn
comes back Kaz Lewis is back in the news
today sought to put the case on hold
until they could appealed a higher New
York Court and even the Supreme Court he
said we've made applications for staged
in the Appellate Division the Court of
Appeals is considering whether or not it
has jurisdiction in Keswick said adding
the issue will likely reach the Supreme
Court of the United States two questions
for you Harry one do you buy that and
two it seems that mark Kazu 'its is
aware of exactly what John and
Jennifer's saying the incredible peril
that the servos case represents to
Donald Trump yeah I'll start with the
second first thing this is you know
Paula Jones ray Dukes as Jennifer is
saying and it's the step that avenatti
has been trying to get to but hasn't so
when there are six other women involved
who who are witnesses to the the conduct
if that goes forward now we're talking
remember Jennifer flowers he actually
Clinton was was confronted with having
to admit the affair to jennifer flowers
in the Jones deposition and he did
Juanita Broderick all that stuff so so
so the whole you know there's a parade
second we'll get to the Supreme Court no
it won't get to the US Supreme Court
they'll try to it's a procedural ruling
that under New York law
it's tricky whether or not it gets to
the Court of Appeals which is the
ultimate Court in New York that's their
first play if it fails yes I would look
for the for the Trump team to try to
settle and probably at a pretty penny at
this point a deposition under these
circumstances is really toxic for him so
Jonathan Politico reporting the services
attorney marion wang said her legal team
had already issued a subpoena to the
Trump campaign which have been unwilling
to hand over any information related to
other women who've accused Trump
Kassovitz that information about those
women is irrelevant to the servos case
the judge ordered both legal teams to
give her a briefing on the issue
I'm not a lawyer I don't think you're a
lawyer but I've watched The Cosby
verdict and it seems like the way this
is moving judges are permitting more
examples more women to tell their
stories
I also remember from fire and fury
imprinted in my brain that band instead
of katha wits he dealt with hundreds of
women for trauma that's right and I
raised this with the Trump Ally earlier
today who literally just shook his head
in disbelief it was sort of like another
one you know there's sort of like it's
in yet another front that this White
House this president you know is taking
on fire that whether it's whether it's
swarming Daniels or reservist or
obviously collusion in Russia you know
Muller this new manna fort development
it is just under that much Sean and
Michael Cohen of course it is it is that
there's a real bunker mentality in the
West Wing right now people in extended
Trump world who just feel like they're
taking on fire from every side which
well I think leads to them putting a lot
of eggs in this North Korea basket there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
