we are back voters are voting right now
in eight states including the big
enchilada California and we will soon
find out if the Golden State will be
truly golden for Democrats as they aim
to take control of the House Democrats
though are risk are risking getting shut
out of a general election in three
republican health districts in southern
california that Hillary Clinton carried
in 2016 remember California's quirky
primary roles mean that the top two
finishers regardless of party move on to
the general Democrats have so many
candidates they could split the boat
leaving Republicans finishing 1-2 with
no Democrats moving on to November
particularly in those three Southern
California districts or Republicans the
risk is getting shut out of the
gubernatorial race and the US Senate
race Democratic lieutenant governor
Gavin Newsom appears to have one of the
spots sewn up
the second spot is apparently up for
grabs if a Republican doesn't get a spot
in the top of the ticket overall GOP
turnout could lag making more incumbent
Republicans down the ballot susceptible
to a blue wave so joining me now is a
familiar face in a different job
Christina Bellantoni the assistant
managing editor for politics at the Los
Angeles Times based in LA former former
roll call political BC junkie and now
we've got you out there in LA good to
see you Christina great to see you tech
alright let's start I want to move start
top of the ballot on down how long are
we going to be waiting this week to find
out four more votes coming in and the
mail-in ballots to find out is it via
Ragosa in the second slot against Gavin
Newsom or John Cox the one Republican
that appears to have the best shot at
breaking into the top two yeah you've
got actually the right question there
right it will be this week it is
entirely possible we don't know who that
second slot is tonight polls close at
8:00 p.m. and Pacific if we are lucky we
will have some sense before the clock
strikes midnight but it is less likely
takes a long time to count votes here
there's also a lot of leniency in the
way that California votes they will
accept ballots that are postmarked today
so that could arrive by Friday you're
going to have a long lag there in
addition to the fact that you're talking
about six seven eight million votes
potentially one thing we do know and the
what do you mean my only prediction I
will make today is that it appears that
Republican enthusiasm is pretty strong
and there are more Republicans who have
returned early ballots then they make up
the share of the electorate so that
suggests to me perhaps Cox has
consolidated the Republican vote if
they're strong Republican turnout we
could know tonight early if not it's
gonna be another few days problem I've
seen some tracking polls at all indicate
in the last week that there was
Republican consolidation for Cox and
that via Ragosa had stalled a little bit
we'll find out tonight let's go to the
top to situation in these three
congressional districts in particular
the to Orange County districts and the
one in the and the valley they're in LA
the Royce seat isis seat the Rohrabacher
seat democrats this time the last two
cycles nationally the democrats decided
not to throw a bunch of money to try to
salvage these top two disasters that
they fell into before this time they
spent all sorts of money do you think
they've you think they're going to be
able to at least get two of these
districts to come through for them it's
really hard to predict here I actually
was in Huntington Beach with your
colleague Katie tur earlier today and I
interviewed some Rohrabacher one guy
yeah in the 48th congressional district
and they weren't completely
representative of the electorate here
there was somebody who was a die-hard
hon skier stead person and a die-hard
Harley route a person and there were
several people who didn't know anything
about it so it is entirely possible they
split the vote in addition to that there
are a number of Democrats who've
actually dropped out of the race but
their names still appear on the ballot
and we know in California there often
are low information voters who just pick
a name and the fact that there's not a
prominent woman running among you know
these top candidates that could maybe
they pick a woman or maybe there's some
other circumstance and the Democrats
that are running are not very well known
at they have little political experience
if at all and so they really have these
grassroots campaigns whereas the
Republicans running Scott ba is the
former Orange County Republican Party
Chairman so he's well known and then a
congressman who's represented the area
for several decades so that's gonna be a
real jump ball that's the the district
that we're looking at the closest debt
but a lot of these ones that you've
pointed out are very interesting and
that's another area we may wait several
days before we have
the information let me ask you as the
political editor there at the LA Times
and trying to decide which races matter
and which don't in these house races as
you watch the Returns come in tonight
and we get the final results on these
House races they're like they're they're
they're interesting little polls right
we get to find out these incumbents
what's their number right what's what's
either total party number and what is it
let's say a Mimi Walters okay she's in
one of these districts that Clinton I
think carried not quite sure how
competitive it's going to be what are
you looking for is it any incumbent that
doesn't get 50 that automatically should
be back on the radar is it 45 what's the
number for some of these incumbents that
don't really have a they're gonna make
the top two that's not the issue
what's the number that's gonna tell you
they're vulnerable they're not
vulnerable for for these incumbents on
the ballot yeah that's a really great
question I think we'll be doing that as
we write our analysis over the next few
days for me it's more about do they come
in first place you know in every
instance if you are a sitting member of
Congress you should come in first place
and it's entirely possible that dana
rohrabacher doesn't tonight mimi walters
you know may not they haven't spent a
lot of time campaigning here in part
because they're waiting to see who their
rivals are shaking out in the open seats
it's a different question but for those
incumbents that's gonna be an issue in
the 25th congressional district Steve
Knight is the only Republican member of
Congress in Los Angeles County left
because it's become so democratic over
the years so how does he do against
three you know very well known in the
sorry three challengers in that district
three Democrats who are getting a lot of
national attention and a lot of
grassroots attention where he's the
member of Congress they might actually
end up with more votes than he does
because there's just not a lot of
turnout today all right very quickly
speaking of turnout is California
reverting to form usual apathy or do you
see a little bit of more interest in a
primary than usual I would hope so I
mean it's hard in our business when
people don't show up but the polling
places that we've seen today anecdotally
in LA County are empty there's a lot of
people that don't know it's election but
you really are voting for an entire
month so that's the biggest thing we'll
be watching is how many votes by mail
come in well you probably just gave some
bad news to one Antonio Villaraigosa -
talking about empty LA area precincts
any with Christina Belen
Tony it's not gonna be a long night it's
gonna be a long week of counting ballots
this is what I keep trying to tell
people we may not know the answer to
these questions until next week anyway
Christina thank you
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meat to
press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
