the suggestion was that I never
apologized for what caused all the
trouble for me 20 years ago so first
point is I did I'm in it in a minute now
I apologize to my family to Monica
Lewinsky and her family and to the
American people before a panel of
ministers in the White House which was
widely reported so I was I did that time
now for the lady that was former
President Bill Clinton last night that
was after his I guess we should call it
an uncomfortable Today Show performance
in the yesterday morning with my
colleague Craig Melvin the panel is back
in Neetu Kumar Mehta caneta Jennifer
Palmieri the President Clinton
referenced in earlier apology let me
play this was President Clinton at the
National Prayer Breakfast in September
of 98
take a listen it is important to me that
everybody who has been hurt know that
the sorrow I feel is genuine first and
most important of my family also my
friends my staff and the American people
I have asked all for their forgiveness
panel is back sort of podcast last week
I had said one of the things that's
always bothered me and said never it's
not like he apologized to Monica for
what it's worth he did that is that is a
public apology to her I think some
people look at it and wonder Jennifer is
he shown enough for Moore's with her
right that he wrote in that woman's life
her life is never going to be the same
never was never will be her obituary
will the lead sentence I mean you know
she's got to live with it in wait said
he didn't have to live with it
yeah her life was defined by it defined
by it in ways and and that and I guess
the question is maybe there's for some
people he can never say enough yeah I
mean I I can't you know
he's I can't speak for him on that you
know on that
I I do I was Erin 98 I mean I got a real
personal experience here she was my
intern and I think he felt real remorse
across the board in 98 and I think it's
part of the reason why he had such a bad
reaction that he was so defensive you
think and I think when people are
defensive it also suggests that they
still have a lot of unresolved feelings
about what they did but the one thing
that always struck out struck to me in
real time and now is he was for the
United States and she was an intern
right it's like an abuse of you know
it's like the power dynamic you know how
the historic abuse you know like and and
then her life was defined by it in a way
that his you know I mean he paid a very
big price but he wasn't defined by it
and and in a way all during impeachment
it felt to me in real time in a
retrospect it was all about men in power
right and the woman was just collateral
damage and what's happening now and what
I think me too is a lot about is you
know it was almost before sex and
politics is about what does it say about
the man and now it's what's about the
impact of the woman daddy hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more B to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
