we're gonna continue our constitutional
law class right here joining me now is
one such legal scholar and a frequent
defender of President Trump current
legal predict iment it's Alan Dershowitz
he is a professor emeritus at Harvard
Law School
author of the upcoming book the case
against impeaching Trump professor
Dershowitz if any day we need to make
sure to use the professor title it is on
a day like this thank you for coming on
sir thank you
let me start let me start with this you
wrote that we don't know whether or not
the president can pardon himself in a
tweet storm last night senator Ted Cruz
did cite a 1974 Justice Department memo
that made a finding that said it wasn't
true and it and it wrote in part in this
and I'm curious of your take on it this
is from August 5th 1974 presidential or
legislative pardon of the president
under the fundamental rule that no one
may be a judge in his own case the
president cannot pardon himself I do
note the date August 5th 1974 three days
before Richard Nixon would resign the
presidency what do you make of that
finding a finding is not a ruling a
Supreme Court ruling that I understand
but what do you make of it rationale
it's a logical argument against self
pardoning Madison made the same point
during the constitutional debates on the
other hand the constitutional text
itself says a president may issue
pardons in any case except in cases of
impeachment that suggests one of two
things either the president can pardoned
himself or more likely that the framers
contemplated that a president couldn't
be prosecuted and if he couldn't be
prosecuted there would be no need to
pardon himself he certainly couldn't be
prosecuted while he was president of
course Richard Nixon was pardoned when
he left office at the time he left
office so it would be a great law school
exam question because no one knows the
answer and I have to tell you anybody
who tells you definitively sure that
either it can be done or it can't be
done is pulling your leg nobody knows
the answer to the question well right
you have to have you we'd have to have
an instance for it to be tested into the
courts and I think we're all hoping we
don't ever get to a situation like this
what you won't ever happen do you think
it's so unclear that it's something that
should be dealt with in the Constitution
itself that if we if we believe it
that's the case then instead of worrying
about a ruling or a finding you pass a
constitutional amendment that says the
president's powers of pardon are
unlimited unless it involves himself his
or hers I think there would be a big
mistake you don't amend the Constitution
unless there are absolutely compelling
reasons I guarantee you no president
will pardon himself or herself there are
much easier ways to do it if for example
the president feared that he would be
prosecuted after he left office or even
if he was impeached in the verge of
being impeached he could make a deal
with this vice president that he would
leave and retire earlier like Nixon did
and then have the vice president
pardoned so I don't think you amend the
Constitution based on an unlikely
hypothetical and the other point that I
think is very important to make is that
you know we hear the cliche thrown
around and weaponized now that the
President believes he's above the law I
think that's a misunderstanding of what
they've been arguing what they're
arguing is that the law permits the
president to be exempt and immunized
from certain kinds of criminal or civil
actions that other people can be
subjected to we know already the
Constitution does that from members of
Congress members of Congress cannot be
prosecuted question to a sued for much
of what they do on the floor on the way
to the Senate judges can't be prosecuted
or sued members of the military military
none of them are above the law what
they're they are subject to different
rules under the law so I think we should
be very careful when we throw around the
term they're above the law rather than
within the law let's talk about though
this idea of what power the president
has inside the executive branch on the
justice system and because this is great
question mr. Giuliani and I had an
interesting back-and-forth so for
instance one of the things he said on
Sunday to me that before he sat down
with an interview he wants to make
Rosenstein and Muller produce sort of
the the evidence that triggered the
investigation in McKee and I said to mr.
Giuliani well if if you guys have this
interpretation of the president's
executive authority when it comes to
investigations then can he just order
the Justice Department to produce this
information where he learns there are
two answers to the question if you look
at the Constitutional History Jefferson
ran the Justice Department like it was
his own little you know house he told
the prosecutors who to prosecute he in
fact gave immunity to witnesses by
giving them pardons if they would
testify against his arch enemy burr
Lincoln told prosecutors who to
prosecute a Roosevelt did so
constitutionally the President does have
that authority but traditionally we want
to see a separation between that one
particular department justice and the
presidency you know the President does
have a right to demand loyalty of his
cabinet members and the Attorney General
serves two roles and it's a
constitutional flaw one I was just gonna
say I'm glad you use the word flaw
because I was about that is this a flaw
yes it is he can demand loyalty from the
man who was the Attorney General that is
whose's advisor on legal affairs but not
the man who is the director of public
prosecution most Western countries
divide those roles right in England
there is a director of public
prosecution and a Minister of Justice
Minister of Justice loyal to the Prime
Minister director of public prosecution
no Israel the same thing in the United
States we asked the Attorney General to
serve in this schizophrenic role loyal
some days of the week disloyal or not
loyal other days of the week but loyal
to the rule of law it's an impossible
role and almost every president has
tried to appoint loyalists starting
obviously with John Kennedy appointing
his brother Ronald Reagan appointing his
own personal lawyer
President Obama appointing a loyalist so
the president wasn't wrong when he said
I want loyalty from my Attorney General
it's the Constitution that's wrong for
allowing that kind of a division to
occur now at best I keep wondering if we
should at least go to the Federal
Reserve model when it comes to Attorney
General or the Justice Department so
that there's five year terms and
different parties appoint different
people and all sorts of issues there but
I want to move on to a couple of quick
things before I lose you
and we ran out of time number one the
president has claimed the special
counsel isn't constitutional he's wrong
about that he's wrong about that there's
nothing in the Constitution that would
preclude it look Steven calibrating who
wrote the article is a brilliant
brilliant analyst and he makes an
important point that the special counsel
isn't confirmed by the Senate but I
think in the end the Attorney General
has the right to appoint special counsel
to make recommendations essentially to
the Attorney General in the end the
Attorney General is responsible for
deciding who to prosecute so I think the
president's wrong about that all right
in the judge rule today the president
Trump can be deposed in a defamation
lawsuit brought last year by a former
apprentice contestant she accuses the
president of unwanted sexual conduct now
the president's lawyers are appealing
that deposition Markowitz is essentially
saying it you know that this is a
critical constitutional issue can the
president cuz this involves state courts
doesn't involve federal court so it's a
little bit different what do you think
its chances are on appeal here oh I
think 0 or less in fact the fact that
it's a state court makes it much more
difficult for a federal court to
intervene it seems to me the Supreme
Court has ruled unanimously in the case
involving Bill Clinton that a president
cannot refuse to sit for a subpoena now
one what expects this president will not
make the same mistake that President
Clinton did led into a perjury trap by
his lawyer Robert Bennett who will add
him to testify fully about his sex life
which ended up getting him impeach I
would think this president would figure
out some way of not having to testify
about his sex life and going back to
Robert Muller if he subpoenas the
president and says he wants to question
him about his actions before he was
president is there any way that I can
avoid that subpoena he can he can but it
would be a Pyrrhic victory because then
the Southern District of New York would
issue a similar subpoena and he would
not be able to resist that as mr. Trump
businessman he's subject to the rule of
law like anybody else's so it would be a
Pyrrhic victory all right Alan
Dershowitz professor emeritus at Harvard
yet an you were turning out a lot of
books here sir I feel like I just
promoted a pretty recent one now you got
a new one coming
we will see in another one right after
that Thanks all right fair enough Thank
You professor hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meet the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
