the United Nations Human Rights office
is calling on the Trump administration
to quote immediately halt its policy of
separating migrant children from their
parents the administration instituted a
zero-tolerance policy on the southern
border one please listen to me one month
ago prosecuting adults who enter the
country illegally and separating
children from their parents now border
agents and child welfare workers are
running out of space to shelter these
children that is according to two US
officials and a document obtained
exclusively by NBC News on his radio
show earlier this morning our colleague
Hugh Hewitt pressed Attorney General
Jeff Sessions on this very issue is it
absolutely necessary general to separate
parents from children when they are
detained or apprehended at the border
yes you can't be given immunity to
people who bring children with them
recklessly and improperly and he
illegally most children are being well
taken care of within 72 hours they are
taken to the Health and Human Services
to be sure they're properly cared for
not sure ever separating children from
their parents means they're being well
taken care of that most yeah I mean
let's let's let's examine this a little
bit where are these children waiting
while their parents face legal
proceedings they're in short term border
facility stations now these border
stations are only meant as a temporary
first stop they often lack proper
bedding adequate medical care and
healthy food the time limit for
immigrants of any age to be held in a
temporary shelter as you just heard the
Attorney General say is 72 hours now as
of Sunday 300 of the 550 children
currently held in custody had reached
that 72-hour limit and almost half of
those 300 children are younger than 12
classified by the Department of Homeland
Security as tender age children which
according to some experts puts them at
risk of separation trauma so this is a
very very serious problem the idea that
you're separating children at this age
who by the way I think we could all
agree this isn't of their doing we've
generally thought the children's are
victims of these okay and and and these
are these 500
50 kids at the border stations they are
in addition to the 11,200 children who
are already in the care of HHS either in
foster care shelters or placed with a
relative here in the United States
joining us now live immigration attorney
and activists Aleta Garcia also Pulitzer
prize-winning New York Times columnist
Nicholas Kristof among his most recent
columns one titled Trump immigration
policy veers from abhorrent to evil Nick
in your column thanks to both you for
being here in your column you cite a
series of horror stories I think for
most parents the horror stories are
being separated from their children
involuntarily would be the start of this
thing but this is this is really kind of
gross as a nation I mean absolutely and
that's why the UN High Commissioner
weighed in on this everybody knows that
immigration is hard they're different
trade-offs but everybody else has
managed these trade-offs without doing
what this administration is doing and
Jeff Sessions was completely
disingenuous a moment ago when he said
that this was you know when people break
the law when they violate the law this
is what happens in some cases people
have technically committed a misdemeanor
by crossing the border without
authorization but even other people who
have broken no law who have not crossed
illegally who had presented themselves
to official border crossings still get
their children taken away I wrote about
a Miriam a woman who had her 18
month-old baby I believe taken away when
she had done everything perfectly
properly we also don't have an
out-of-control border issue but let's
put opinions aside and let's go to facts
Elita because this morning President
Trump again blaming Democrats for his
immigration policy and he tweeted this
separating families at the border is the
fault of bad legislation passed by the
Democrats border security laws should be
changed but the Dems can't get their act
together start the wall can you fact
check this for me because last I checked
this is Jeff Sessions policy
thanks Stephanie I think they are
forgetting the fact that Jeff Sessions
announced this policy in front of
everyone about a month ago this is a
manufactured humanitarian crisis where
the administration is harming children
to push their political agenda it's
disgusting and it's awful what is the
answer to keeping Donald Trump's promise
to his base to be tough on immigration
without imposing without creating a
humanitarian disaster without imposing
rules that that do seem inhumane well I
think what we need to happen have
happened is that when parents who are
fleeing violence from Central America a
woman named Vilma showed up at our
border to plead asylum the Texas Civil
Rights Project found that she was
fleeing because her husband was killed
these individuals are allowed to seek
asylum in the United States but what the
administration is doing with their
zero-tolerance policy is separating
these families before that's able to
happen and that's what needs to stop we
need to end the administration's family
separation policies okay let's go let's
stick to this fact finding or fact
busting because Democratic Senator Jeff
Merkley Merkley of Oregon he's accusing
the administration of quote cruel effort
against migrant children we're talking
about this he made this trip to Texas on
Sunday to visit a detention center where
kids are separated from their parents
it's where they're being housed it's in
an old Walmart he was not allowed in and
those running it called the police to
get him to leave according to Merkley he
says there was roughly a thousand kids
there from Toddlers to parents now
yesterday deputy White House press
secretary Hogan Gidley issued a
statement saying Senator Merkley is
irresponsibly spreading blatant lies
about routine immigration enforcement
while smearing hard-working dedicated
law enforcement officials at ice and CBP
so straight out of the gate
there are definitely hard-working
enforcement officials but who's lying
here because put politics aside let's
talk about decency Merkley lying or
Hogan lying well I think that Senator
Merkley is shedding light on a very
important issue which is that the admit
stations policy is overcrowding the
system and so they are intentionally
separating families that's now
overcrowding border patrol stations
which in tune are going to overcrowd the
rest of the system we are the ones
jamming the system because the Attorney
General announced this new policy so
those those facilities are intended to
match those children with their parents
but we're the ones taking two-year-olds
from their parents and so that's what
needs to stop on the front end so that
that system is not overcrowded Nick it
doesn't seem that that Jeff perfectly is
lying about this he he went there and
tried to get in and saw what he saw yeah
I know I think Senator Merkley is
selling the absolutely the truth and the
fact that he was not allowed in
suggested they have something to hide
but you know my own fact check would be
that the administration that there's a
series of things that are absolutely
false here one is the notion that this
was some democratic policy in the past
of course it wasn't there are some cases
in the past where family separations
have occurred you have somebody arriving
at the border you're not sure whether
this is their child or not your concern
of course you want to separate kids in
some cases or in some cases you do send
somebody to - to custody and will remove
a trial for a few days in that case but
this is a policy that applies to
everybody crossing the border this is
completely new and they also say that
this is only for people who are
violating law Nick keeps saying of
course of course of course it's not and
of course because very few of us are
actually down there in Texas at
detention centers and people out there
are watching the news and reading the
news and believing the news organization
they have a relationship with so we
simply have to get to the bottom and
share that with as many people as we can
absolutely what's getting us in trouble
yeah although I must say that I mean in
talking with the DHS myself before I
wrote my column I spoke to them and when
pressed to the point so they say this is
not a new policy but they say that they
acknowledge they say that because this
head sometimes occasionally have been in
the past and now it's happening you know
University and they're conflating two
issues and that is that
I think one can fairly criticize
Democrats and Republicans over time for
not fixing a very broken policy in u.s.
immigration in other countries well
that's true right but that you can't
complete that issue with the separating
of children and their parents which is a
very unique and new policy as applied
today and that's why the UN High
Commissioner is is denouncing the u.s.
for this policy
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
