we are watching Capitol Hill right now
and this is where Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell has cancelled part of
the August recess if the recess is
canceled that means members have far
less time to campaign ahead of those
November midterms
NBC's Casey hunt covers Capitol Hill for
she joins me now
any idea why McConnell's doing it well
Craig the official line from McConnell's
office is Democratic obstruction
surprise surprise they cite a hundred
plus cloture votes in the Senate the
Democratic efforts to tie up the floor
on nominees and other matters but the
reality here is the overarching
political environment and we obviously
been talking a lot about the house in
the context of the midterms the Senate
has gotten less attention just because
it's been viewed as less likely to flip
the reality there McConnell has a
one-seat majority and there are quite a
few Democrats in red states that are
defending their seats so if you're one
of those senators and you've got a month
in August to go home to campaign to try
and get out in front of voters and
constituents and convince them to send
you back to Washington it's probably
better for you to be to be out there at
home in August than here and for
McConnell he only has two vulnerable
members or vulnerable seats really one
of them obviously is retiring Jeff Flake
is leaving the Senate the other ones
Dean Heller in Nevada so that's only a
couple or one really person he's taken
off the board for August but he's going
to pull all those Democrats about a half
dozen depending on how you count those
competitive races they will probably
have to be here at work that potentially
puts a kink in their plans to try to get
reelected so I always say you know
another angle here
Craig inand there will be you will hear
different explanations I would say that
he has cancelled most of the August
recess that he says that they're gonna
have one week off at the first week in
August and then they're gonna be back
here for three weeks this is not
something that typically goes over well
generally politics aside everybody likes
to take vacation get a little bit of a
break in August go out of town with
their families etc so we'll see how the
news is taken up here on the hill okay
I think if most folks saw the
legislative calendar a lot of folks
would conclude that our lawmakers spend
a fair amount of time
on vacation and outside Washington
anyway so OKC huh fair enough
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
