President Trump tweeted yesterday
morning he said this the appointment of
the special counsel is totally
unconstitutional despite that we play
the game because I unlike the Democrats
have done nothing wrong
that's a different take from President
Trump about special prosecutors from
back in 2016 when he was talking about
Hillary Clinton we are going to get a
special prosecutor to figure this deal
out I will ask my Attorney General to
appoint a special prosecutor special
prosecutor here we come right I win
we're gonna point to special pricing
good lord why the John Highland that's
fascinating he says it's
unconstitutional and yet that was an
applause line every I mean every bit as
loud of an applause there is build that
wall also haven't the president's
Republican allies in Congress been
talking about a second special counsel
to investigate Hillary Clinton's rabbits
and cats and goats and chinchillas or
whatever just wildly distracting from
the first special prosecutor but doing
it at Donald Trump's bidding Joe I think
you're you're I know you often say
you're a simple country lawyer but I
think your your training and your legal
your legal training has been a little
bit adequate you were they were
misinformed there are in fact two
parallel constitutions to the United
States and one of them is a constitution
that covers Hillary Clinton and there's
another constitution that covers all
others and there might even be a third
one just related to Donald Trump and in
that universe the special prosecutors
are obviously constitutional with
respect to Hillary Clinton both in the
past present and future
whereas with respect to Donald Trump
they are totally unconstitutional once
you get your head around that it all
makes a lot of sense well you know Amica
the shamelessness of it it's pretty
remarkable and I cannot believe except
for the most steadfast allies of Donald
Trump that they just don't actually line
up one one tweet next to another one
statement after another at some point
and just realize this guide lies all the
time he changes his story all the time
he flip-flops all the time and they're
gonna be a hell of a lot of great
30-second ads if he ever decides to run
for reelection they're not gonna look
good and all these people that think
Donald Trump's gonna get away with
everything
wait see if his name's ever on a ballot
again in 2020 and just look at the ads
the flip-flops the lies the distortions
it's all going to come out in the wash
well yes and no because it all is coming
out right now in real time
and then you look at certain polls
across the country and you have to
wonder if the lying and distortions and
sort of the like lack of moral compass
in everything that he does and the
deflecting and the race issues my god
any other politician wouldn't survive a
month of this and yet he more than
survived so there's a part of me that
worries that the country is being so
desensitized and that there's a section
of the population of the the voting
public that it that doesn't care that
that has been so I think cast away by
Democrats and Republicans from the past
several decades that were stuck in this
weird zone at the same time knowing
Donald Trump knowing him the way we used
to know him and knowing his behavior in
the way his brain works if you read
those tweets and you look at the way
he's acting this is a guy who feels like
the walls are closing in and that things
are getting too hot and he's I was gonna
say again again you look this weekend at
all the tweets and Willie I said
yesterday that I you know didn't read
the tweets I decided to be stabbed by
watching the Showtime series called
Patrick Melrose Jordanaires sure yeah
yeah of course just extraordinary actor
a very disturbing series based on this
series of disturbing books but I look
though at that instead of all the tweets
because I knew that tweets were sound
and fury signifying nothing I think we
can all start looking at much of this
and recognizing its sound and fury
signifying nothing that in Washington in
the institutions that Madison and
Hamilton put together they are pushing
back and in this case Donald Trump does
he really does appear to be a man who
understands just how cornered he is
legally and politically and you know yes
people may not be focusing either
right now well they're not focusing on
Christmas shopping either because they
don't focus on that until election time
I you know I realized when I ran you
wait till the last seven to ten days
before really dropping your ads because
they just aren't focused until then it
is sound in fury but it is resonating
with a lot of people I think because
Donald Trump is laying the groundwork
he's laying out the predicate for when
the Muller investigation is complete
when he presents his findings Donald
Trump will be able to point to a certain
segment of the population and say forget
everything you're reading right now
remember he's corrupt remember
everything I told you that it was
unconstitutional remember what I told
you that I have the right to do this
that and that I'm above the law
that's what he's doing not the specifics
of the case but generally to be able to
tar what comes out of the investigation
and Jeramy on this question of whether
or not the investigation itself is
constitutional this is a theory that we
heard this is he first time the
president said it was yesterday in that
tweet that the Muller investigation
itself is quote unconstitutional but on
talk radio they've been making this case
since the beginning of the appointment
of Robert Mahler we saw an op-ed in May
actually in The Wall Street Journal that
made this case and that not that all
special counsels are unconstitutional
but the argument goes that this one is
because the powers that Bob Muller has
assumed are so broad do you see any
relevance do you see any significance do
you give any credence to that argument
no and it's really a silly argument
willing it's one that's been Sawada
white swatted away by the federal judges
in the mana Ford case who have
entertained frivolous motions in my view
from metaphors lawyers saying basically
a Bob Muller has no authority to
investigate Paul manna fork and that's
obviously been debunked and so the
president just kind of throwing out
there these silly arguments I mean I was
struck by the New York Times reporting
over the weekend about the 20 page
letter from the the lawyers the
so-called lawyers of Donald Trump
because they were also not very smart
legal arguments basically they are
taking these argumentation this
argumentation very seriously and it
shows how serious the Muller team has
been in saying to the president you have
a legal obligation to sit for an
interview mr. president you make it to
your point I just will read one the ones
that really stood out of me yesterday
Jim VandeHei and a piece for Axios
yesterday wrote this just simple
statement of fact that 501 and one days
into his presidency Donald Trump has
more party support than any president
since world in since World War two
except for George W Bush after 9/11
within the Republican Party my missing
hide so the question is to your point
yeah you know within within the
Republican Party
Donald Trump is stronger than any
president has ever been except for
George W Bush after 9/11 that's an
incredible fact Joe I gotta tell ya I
you know like I own being a little bit
disconnected here or not understanding I
don't get this I really don't I
explained it to me
well Donald Trump still represents
everything that Hillary Clinton is not
everything that for Republicans who
didn't like george w bush everything the
george w bush is not everything that the
mainstream media is not everything that
academia is not everything that
political the political correct crowd
and the the the race identity crowd is
not he has become the anti candidate and
that works really well for you when
you're the only one filling up that
space but when there's somebody else
that can come into the republican
primary and you know we've talked before
about mark cuban or you you can talk
about other billionaires that are
thinking about running or hey I've got a
great idea how about a middle class
woman or a middle class guy how about
somebody like nikki Haley and suddenly
don't tell me that if nikki Haley and
Donald Trump are going head-to-head in
New Hampshire knocking on doors only
nikki Haley would knock on doors mm-hmm
for a year a year and a half if you want
to do this right that nikki Haley
wouldn't open up every one of Donald
Trump's lies and convince the people of
New Hampshire and convince the people of
Iowa hey guess what we can do this you
can have the policies without the Ray
you can have the conservatism without
the lies you can have the tax cuts
without the constitutional abuses you
can have somebody that will stand up for
your right as a conservative without
also talking down America's allies there
there are there are so many openings for
a Republican that has the courage to go
knock on doors in New Hampshire in Iowa
and South Carolina and beat Donald Trump
I am not willing to look back at a guy
who shocked the world including himself
including his family his wife breaking
down in tears after finding out that he
had been elected president the United
States because nobody including Trump
believe he was can be elected president
United States who lost by 3 million
votes who beat a candidate who didn't
even go up to Wisconsin who beat a
candidate who was chained as we found
out yesterday to a husband that
prevented her from attacking Donald
Trump at his weakest points I am NOT
going to say that that man is some
political genius along the lines of
Barack Obama or Ronald Reagan or John
Kennedy what you're saying which is
faced is that I'm under estimating how
angry people are because they will take
anything at this point unless there is a
really good option that hasn't come
their way yet I mean this is a guy who
is lying every day to the American
people serving up a bunch of lies
undermining our national security by
undermining an investigation into
whether or not our elections were
tampered with when there have been 19
indictments I mean I I guess that's the
part that I I'm well numbers going up I
just I'm really at a loss well when you
talk about and I'm not trying to
understand the Trump voter I'm not
trying to defend the Trump voter I think
and I said it December 7th 2015
I could never vote for a guy who's a
racist that was going to exclude 1.5
billion people from coming
so fine I'm just saying though if we
want to stay in our bubble we can or we
can say well wait a second you're saying
Donald Trump lies all the time
what if you're a guy that fought in
Vietnam Mike Barnicle I'll go to you on
this and you you saw the best and the
brightest John Kennedy LBJ Richard Nixon
all the brilliant minds around them lie
us in to Vietnam caused the death of
60,000 Americans over two million
Vietnamese tear this country to shreds
and then you saw the best and brightest
get us into Watergate and then I mean
we've walked through this before just in
the past 20 years you know impeachment
of Bill Clinton the 2000 recount 2001
9/11 weapons of mass destruction the
lies about getting us into another war
in Iraq Katrina in 2005 2006 a complete
meltdown of of Iraq 2008 September 15
2008 more lies on Wall Street an economy
destroyed the middle class ravaged and
not a single person sent to jail that
was responsible for that do I need to
keep going because I can keep going like
there there is a reason Donald Trump is
where Donald Trump is and there's a
reason when people like us point out
that he lies every day a guy at a VFW in
Altoona Pennsylvania goes yeah great
right well at least Trump's lies didn't
get me sent to the Mekong Delta mm-hmm
Joe the Trump voter is the American
voter and the Trump voter many of them
were born when we were told that it
became necessary to destroy the village
in order to save the village the Trump
voter was born when we were at Khe Sanh
& hué City the Trump voter was born many
of them when Watergate was being decided
by the United States Senate in the
United States Congress and the Trump
voter has experienced
a 17-year long war the trunk voter has
experienced losing their homes their
jobs many of them their children less
than 1% of this country who fight this
seventeen-year-old war that's who the
Trump voter is the Trump voter is us and
the Trump voter bought in to Donald
Trump because he was different because
he gave the appearance lying while he
did it that he was listening to them and
understood their grievance and they have
a long litany of grievances that have
gone unheard and unanswered for decades
by American politics they thought Trump
was different he is different he's a
liar okay
yeah and Amica he many people looked at
this guy as one of them they said he was
one of them he you know he was a prophet
but he was a false prophet a false
prophet you know a guy who claimed to be
a populist who has ravaged people's
health care the guy you promised to make
healthcare cheaper more affordable more
accessible and steady ravaged it promise
to rebuild working-class Americans past
the biggest lopsided tax cut and then
went down to Mara Lago the next day and
bragged to his billionaire friends
sitting around a table hey I made you
guys a lot of money today the cutting
regulations left and right that are
gonna disproportionately impact to the
working class
it's a working class who are getting
stiffed here and I must say it's the
Democratic Party stupidity that allows
Donald Trump yes to continue to rise how
they still do not have a response to
this is beyond me it is why Donald Trump
it's not in the 20s because the
Democratic Party still is clueless you
know we always talk about the Republican
Party my god how bad do you have to be
to have a generic ballot test be as
close as it is as this Democratic Party
that just can't find a leader who can
craft a message that can tell the truth
to working-class and middle-class
Americans about what
phony populist this man is well a
perfect segue coming up we will be
talking to Democratic congressman Seth
Moulton and we'll try and figure out
what that strategy is stay with us
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
