welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at ax es am
national political reporter for Axios
Jonathan Swan Jonathan good morning to
talk to us this is one big thing today
so we take you inside the White House
when there are these crazy frenetic news
cycles consumed by the Muller
investigation we often get asked what's
it like in there when there when all
this is going on on television and the
reality is it depends which part of the
building you're in the president might
be raging at the television in the in
the dining room adjoining the Oval
Office but elsewhere in the building if
you're not a member of his legal team
you are watching the show like the rest
of us truly watching on TV completely
unaware of what Giuliani is going to say
next
and quite happy about that because none
of them talk about Russia it's the one
word that they try to avoid at all costs
inside the building so I can only
imagine what happened to the White House
if the cable gets cut off by Jonathan
what do you the White House aides that
you're speaking to telling you about
Trump's legal team and how they're
handling all of this depending on where
they sit in the Oval Office or the West
Wing there's not a lot of confidence in
Trump's public facing legal team and in
fact there never has been
I think there's from what I'm hearing
much more confidence in behind the
scenes team led by Emmett flood
certainly inside the White House and the
husband-and-wife team on the outside but
Rudy Giuliani has been a force unto
himself and really has been viewed very
skeptically from a lot of people inside
the West Wing and that was the same with
John Dowd who again was answering
questions from reporters without the
team inside the White House having any
clue about what he was doing it and
these paths down which he was walking
talk to us about Jonathan what you have
dubbed the actions taken by the
president about my President Trump in
his lawyer Rudy Giuliani as the debate
club news cycles I think the last 48
hours have been the weirdest some of the
weirdest news cycles with regards to
more investigation it has
the debate club led by Rudolph Giuliani
and Donald Trump
we are nothing's actually happening or
in fact last night the first substantive
thing happened which was a matter for
the mall team suspecting Mela Ford of
witness tampering but put that aside the
48 hours previous nothing substantive
actually happened in the more
investigation and yet we were consumed
with this arcane legal debate about
whether a president has the power to
pardoned himself about whether a
president can obstruct justice these are
questions which are usually discussed at
debate club not on national news
certainly not with regard to a sitting
president yeah it's a good point that
Johnson brings up how we all get
consumed with stuff that's not even
necessarily driven by events is there
any sense
Jonathan among Trump's legal team that
anything can prevent them from
essentially taking whatever action they
want in regards to the Russia probe do
they genuinely believe that they are
somehow immune or above the law from all
of this well it's two separate questions
so I spoke to a source last night who is
close to Rudy Giuliani and Trump's legal
team beyond Rudy Giuliani and they
absolutely believe the legal argument
laid out in that memo Tamala which is
that the president can pardon himself
and the president cannot be indicted a
sitting president but that's a very
different question from whether they
think they should you know carry out
these activities and it's very clear
that they know that should the president
attempt to part himself that Congress
would likely impeach him the very next
day so I don't think that they're
actually gonna go down anything like
this path despite the public bluster Lil
Wayne see Jonathan Swan thank you very
much life force in Washington DC this
morning we're going to be reading axiom
in just a little while and of course to
all of our viewers out there you too can
sign up for the newsletter by going to
sign up by signing up at Axios comm all
right that does it for us on this
Tuesday morning I'm Yasmin Vesuvian
alongside Emma Mohideen in Louisburg
North Morning Joe everybody starts right
now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
