the president arrives in office and it
turns out the one awesome power he has
is these pardons he can be forgiven for
thinking the rest of the job perhaps was
going to be that awesome and and without
any friction you're the lawyer here this
notion of self pardoning I'm just a
layperson seems to me would put the
president above the law so when he
jokingly uses an example of shooting
somebody on Fifth Avenue that would put
him out of the reach of a murder charge
I don't think you need to be a lawyer to
figure out that this does not add up
there's a fundamental tenet of our
democracy which is that no person can be
the judge of his own case and therefore
that is what really runs through the
Constitution and that will ultimately be
the sort of saving grace for our nation
if someone like president Trump were to
actually try to pardon himself
I think the much bigger and more
realistic risk is that he does try to
part in either co-conspirators or family
members and that he uses his pardon
power for what many would perceive to be
improper personal purposes and that's
gonna be a tougher question that most
likely the Congress would have to deal
with or perhaps Robert Muller depending
on his view of the law Matt about the
Times exclusive this weekend about this
once-secret legal memorandum a lot of
legal experts were surprised at the
reasoning in it a lot of civilians were
surprised that we have this latest
version of events on just the Donald
Trump jr. statement from a traveling Air
Force One coming back from a summit yeah
and and the argument the argument that I
think is the real the real heart of this
is and you touched on it Brian at the
top of the show is that the president
can't possibly obstruct justice because
the power of the Justice Department and
the power of these and investigators is
all derived from the executive and the
president is the executive so how could
he obstruct himself and it's a
remarkable argument it's a novel
argument and frankly it's one that has
been building for 16 years
post nine of the the to post nine eleven
presidencies have asserted more and more
executive power and it carved out
greater authority for themselves in this
sort of unitary theory of the executive
branch has really become codified in the
in the thinking of the West Wing and I'm
not sure it matters who's in power these
days and that seems to be the the go-to
theory I don't know where the limit of
this is our reading of plain text
reading of the memo would suggest that
the president can never ever do anything
to obstruct justice I mean can he can he
offer to pay the FBI director a million
dollars to shut off an investigation I
mean I don't know where the where the
limitations on this are and Bob Kosta a
simple question for you is this White
House in your view playing offense or
defense right now they're playing both
because publicly you see them playing
offense they're trying to question the
credibility of the mulher investigation
but inside of this White House with
Emmett flood now they're trying to come
up with a strategy for a potential
subpoena battle how does the presidency
respond Giuliani and his associates
working privately with the Muller team
to talk through the parameters of a
possible interview you see them playing
defense where it really matters what
happens with a subpoena with an
interview but of course when it comes to
the public war they're the weapons are
out
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
