the presidency to harden himself would
you agree with that
that is not a constitutional issue I've
studied so I will withhold judgment at
this point now you might have thought
that we had made a mistake there because
it was all this noise of footsteps that
was Senator Ted Cruz waiting a full 18
seconds before telling reporters he
wasn't sure if the president could
pardon himself joining us now is Lauren
Wright lecturer in politics and public
affairs at Princeton University where
she teaches about the American
presidency and executive power and back
with us is Harry Lippmann who was by the
way the former US Attorney and Deputy
Assistant Attorney General under
President Clinton Loren I guess we
should start by saying it's just not a
hundred percent clear none of this stuff
the the pardoning the subpoena there are
legal arguments and sometimes they are
led by partisan but sometimes they're
not sometimes there are people who like
you just study this thing and say look
it hasn't necessarily been well enough
tested to know a hundred percent whether
or not the president's statements on
Twitter today about being able to pardon
himself are true what does your research
tell you yeah this is obviously very
unclear and man was that a long silence
that's like your whole show here I think
it's way too early to call this a
constitutional crisis I really do what
we know and what we also saw today in
the Moller filing is that this is a
presidency in crisis the presidents in
very serious trouble
I see this as the culmination of years
and years since the founding of
administration's of both parties trying
to expand presidential power and one of
the ways they do that is through
vagueness --is in article 2 and complete
including the pardons clause and both
parties are to blame for that but we
want our teams in office we want a
strong executive when when they're not
we want to rein back those powers and
now we have a president that's willing
to go to the very extent of those
tendencies and he's not crossing the
line but he's looking right over it and
that's very different from past
administrations this is an interesting
distinction Harry because much has been
written about the Obama administration
doing a lot with exec
of orders with the Bush administration
Bush 43 administration pushing the
limits of executive authority but that
to Lauren's point that just could be
what presidents do over time when does
it cross over into being a
constitutional crisis right well first I
agree with Lauren that we are not in a
constitutional crisis it's a term that's
been bandied about a lot in the last
couple years and it's really important
to distinguish between say a
constitutional challenge where the
Constitution has the tools to address
and solve it and a true crisis for
example
as would happen if the Supreme Court
ordered Trump to testify and he just
refused and the question would be what
can the Constitution do now now we're in
crisis territory I would take issue with
the notion that this is just a kind of
natural expansion since the New Deal era
with both parties trying to flex their
muscles on presidential power I think
Trump is a true departure from from that
trend in that he has tendencies of real
royalism I guess you could say real does
that the real inclination to put himself
above the Locke intent for
constitutional norms disregard for the
rule of law that don't just push on the
executive powers but but would if he had
his way break them into so to me we've
had a point of departure in the last two
years
notwithstanding the general legal trend
that Lauren identifies since the New
Deal Lauren if somebody dropped in from
Mars and said earthling tell me about
your legal your government system they
may not believe by looking at it today
that we have three co-equal branches of
government so the bottom line is they
may get the impression certainly if they
were just reading newspapers and
watching cable news for the last year
and a half that the president is in some
cases more important they might think
from time to time the judiciary has
flexed their muscle they would wonder
what this Congress thing is yes
absolutely and so you know I don't
always want to be the let's hold our
horses not panic person but I
sometimes play that part definitely in
my classroom and I would say this the
avenues for democratic responsibility
our elections and their impeachment and
Congress does not actually have to
impeach the president to see their
influence take ahead here they just have
to threaten it it's just the idea that
President Trump might feel pressure to
resign it's the idea that this is going
to be a big cost in public opinion terms
and so you know from my studies what I
really look at is the political context
is so important here as Harry indicated
there are many checks on presidential
power but the person in the office does
matter it does matter who we elect
character matters their worldview
matters and the person has tremendous
influence over constitutional
interpretation way too close for comfort
in a lot of people's view Harry let me
just ask you though is the president at
some point still depending not on on the
on the congressional action but on the
fact that he keeps pointing out at every
one of these rallies he is appointing
judges and if you are concerned about
the matters that many of its supporters
voted for him on the basis of that might
be the most important part of this he
understands the judiciary enough to
understand that loading the courts might
be his legacy you know it's actually
been from his standpoint a very
successful part of his presidency it's
kind of been under the radar but just in
terms of numbers of appointments
especially higher appointments he's done
quite a bit I don't see that as being
his whole card in terms of getting out
of jail in the sense that this will go
if there's a subpoena fight to the
Supreme Court but if he were impeached
tomorrow I would agree with and remove
tomorrow I would agree with you that he
that this would be a lasting part of his
legacy already and they're really acting
a pace they have a they have a really
well oiled machine in their judicial
appointment mechanisms
all right Airy good to see you thank you
very much for joining us
and Lauren right thanks to both you
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
