breaking news tonight NBC News has
obtained a new court filing from Robert
Muller's investigators asking a court to
revoke Paul Manafort pretrial release
saying that president Trump's former
campaign chairman attempted to tamper
with potential witnesses the court
filing states that Paul Manafort called
texted and sent encrypted messages to
two witnesses in February quote in an
effort to secure materially false
testimony this outreach apparently
occurred following the public disclosure
of a superseding indictment of manna
fort federal prosecutors are now asking
for a hearing to discuss the allegations
brought forth by the FBI tonight and to
see whether the courts release order
should be revoked or revised joining us
now Mimi Roca former federal prosecutor
and fellow at Pace University law school
she's also an MSNBC legal analyst and
Harwich littman former federal
prosecutor and Deputy Assistant Attorney
General under President Clinton I'm
grateful that you're both here to help
make sense of this maybe let's start
with you what does this all mean it
likely means Manta Ford is gonna go to
jail now I mean I would be surprised if
the judge did not revoke his bail based
on this you know when prosecutors find
out that someone is trying to tamper
with a witness which is what happened
here often it's kind of you're dealing
with subtle attempts and you have to
sort of explain to a judge and and and
really sort of cut through you know why
this is witnessed and it's not like in
the movies where somebody sends somebody
over and says I'm going to break your
legs if you don't do right but let me
tell you something this is pretty
crystal clear I mean I've read this kind
of quickly but the facts that are laid
out I mean he explicitly was trying to
get a witness more than one witness to
lie in the trial you can't get clearer
than that and one important point I
think you know is it does not appear
although we obviously don't know you
know all the details yet doesn't appear
that he used the threats of the kind
that you're talking about or of any kind
but you don't need to to violate this
statute this statute talks about
corruptly trying to persuade someone
and that is very important here and may
be important in other parts of this
investigation as well not just with
respect to mana port this is not
something that those of us who are not
lawyers will understand as clearly but
Harry let me just read you two pieces
from the court filing one is that
they're referring to person D one person
D one has told the government that he
understood mana for its outreach to be
an effort to suborn perjury and like
person D one person D two understood
that mana fort and person a were
reaching out to him and person D one in
an effort to influence the testimony of
potential witnesses Harry trying to help
me understand why this would happen Paul
Manafort has got to know at this point
that everybody is watching his every
move what could he or person a possibly
have been thinking it's incredibly
stupid and as Mimi says it's something
that prosecutors despise the court tends
to look very adversely on you only have
to prove by a low standard of probable
cause and then his conditions of release
get yanked but here's what was happening
man afford in a superseding indictment
is charged with putting together this
group of European former politicians to
lobby on behalf of Ukraine if they
lobbied in the u.s. as they almost
certainly did that's a that's a big
legal problem so what was going on here
as mana for it was very ham-handed Lee
he used you know simple encryption
technology reaching out to two persons D
1 and D 2 who worked in a consulting
firm or asking his almost certainly
person a is Constantine column NIC his
right-hand man in Kiev to do the same
thing reach out to them and say hey we
only worked in Europe right nothing in
the US right and both d1 and d2
obviously understood what was going on
they were being asked to lie to avoid
the charge of lobbying in the US which
would be a problem under foreign agent
Registration Act
so as Mimi says it's pretty ham hand
and I think the best explanation is he
was just really stupid so here's
something interesting because until this
news came out me me the matter at hand
was Donald Trump carrying on about how
he can pardon himself but he wouldn't
part himself because why would he pardon
himself he hasn't done anything wrong
Garrett Graff Robert Muller's biographer
tweeted out curious these events took
place in February and Muller is only
moving now is there any relationship
here - is this a signal maybe to anybody
look I do think it should send a signal
because the statute that we're talking
about here is is the statute that would
apply for example if anyone were to be
charged with respect to coming up with
the false story about the Trump Tower
meeting you know tampering with a
witness or witnesses as to that meeting
but I will say that prosecutors when
they get information about witness
tampering they come to a court with that
as soon as they are able to now that
doesn't mean I mean I realize this
happened in February but for some reason
and we don't know why it they weren't
able to go to a court with it until now
but if you're going to try to revoke me
out you really try to go to the court
with it in a very timely fashion because
obviously it would cut against your
argument that this person cannot be out
on bail and and really look at that did
you delay or did you act quickly so I
don't think it was then that this was
done you know now in the sense to send a
message given what Trump has been
tweeting about or talking about but I do
think it should send a message right
Harry and Ally I just want to I want to
add that the motion itself makes clear
they had to do some investigation here
right they had to get phone records they
had to deal with encryption and they had
to have personal interviews with D 1 and
D 2 who presumably are somewhere in
Europe I agree with me me you get this
kind of stuff you go right in and yes
you send a message but it's not just
that witness tampering is really serious
it's a serious thing in and of itself
all right rokka Harry Lippmann thanks
very much thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
