I called the number here on this side
and the young ladies that the supervisor
would be very happy to come out in
customs on Sunday United States Senator
Jeff Merkley who saw there went to an
immigrant detention center in an old
Walmart that's been decommissioned in
Brownsville Texas to try to understand
why the Trump administration is ripping
immigrant children from their parents at
the border and here is what happened yes
hello there yes this is US Senator Jeff
Merkley and I'm here at the Casa de
Padres facility for the children
I called my team called last week to
arrange for me to be able to come and
visit this facility can you please give
me a tour of it because maybe they can
explain to me maybe the numbers we call
this thing I want to actually talk to
super bears know whatever individuals in
charge would be great to come in and
share
I called the number here on this side
and the young lady that supervisor will
be very happy to come out in fact I'm
actually leave the property but I'm
guessing that's about what's that
happened yeah sir I think that's what
they're going for what was your name
again sir I'm sorry Senator Jeff Merkley
Jeff u.s. senator Kim yes em er yeah
yeah okay yes and US policy is involved
right now with children this is not
something that we specifically deal with
Kim see but it was just just like an
idea than just an advice my sergeant
well we're here supervisors here if he
wants his property I've now been asked
to leave the property
and so I'll comply with that and Senator
Jeff Merkley Democrat of Oregon joins me
now from Washington DC it's good to see
you senator I want to just be clear on
this you you reached out to DHS through
your staff through official channels to
arrange some sort of visit before going
down there correct well I was seeking to
get into three different places one is a
processing center run by DHS city
probably Homeland Security and I was
given permission to do that the second
was a respite Center run by the Catholic
Church and I received permission for
that this third place is after DHS hands
a children over to the Department of
Health and Human Services and it's run
by the Office of refugee relocation and
so this was technically we reached out
to that office to get into this facility
and they said no and that facility that
is that the blacked-out windows that's
it that's an old Walmart with
blacked-out windows that has children
both who come on the company and also
children who've been taken away from
their parents who were then housed in
that facility is that correct that's my
understanding I wasn't able to get
precise answers but those who work with
refugees there
said that is the case that there are
roughly a thousand children inside
behind those doors and without adults
now you went to a facility in McAllen
right and you got to see a kind of
processing center what did you see there
would you witness well the first room
had a series of cages that look a lot
like dog kennels in which people had
recently arrived and been put into them
they were very crowded the individuals
had space blankets so you had all these
silver space blankets no mattresses and
very people looking very distressed and
upset a number of women holding children
in their arms and then adjacent to that
is a very very large warehouse with much
larger cages and in those the children
have already been separated away from
the parents there was one cage that had
children who were young boys who were
being lined up for food and they started
with the smallest in front so you had a
little toddler I don't know he must have
been four or five years old up through
youth that are 16 or 17 and they you
some of those may have been
unaccompanied others were undoubtedly
taken away from their families for
families that are seeking asylum so
these are families that are coming to
the u.s. having gone through horrific
circumstances abroad having this vision
of the Statue of Liberty and the fact
that Americans virtually all of us have
some member of our family tree at some
point who came here escaping oppression
expecting that they finally made it to
the shores of the US and now they'll get
a fair chance to present their case for
asylum and instead they go through a new
trauma with their children ripped out of
their arms sent away to they have no
idea where no idea when where they are
going no idea how to contact their
children it's it's hugely stressful for
the parents for sure but think of the
trauma to the children who had who know
nothing about this new land except the
security their parents and they're torn
away from them I want to play for you
you know the trouble administration has
been a little coy about this is what
weather this is what they're doing or
not and their line is we have a
zero-tolerance policy we prosecute
everyone across the border here's what
DHS secretary Nielsen had to say in
Arizona
last week I'd look to get you to respond
to it take a look at them it appears our
critics won a two-tier legal system they
think illegal aliens should get
different perhaps better treatment than
US citizens because they happen to be
illegal aliens no jail if they have a
family no critical consequences if they
have children I'm here today to tell you
differently if you smuggle illegal
aliens across our border we will
prosecute you if you cross the border
illegally we will prosecute you and if
you make a false immigration claim we
will prosecute you the lawlessness has
to end what do you think of that well
Kirsten should be absolutely ashamed of
herself on this because here you have
families who are presenting themselves
at the border and they are saying we are
here we've gone through these horrific
circumstances we are seeking asylum we
have already always treated such
families not as illegals but as people
legitimately under international law
seeking asylum while the children have
been kept with the parents there's no
reason not to keep them with the parents
they're going to go through an
adjudication if they are judged that
they have enough documentation that they
meet the standard they'll be granted
asylum and if they don't they'll be
returned to their host host country but
we never treat them by inflicting a new
cruel a tragedy bond the children by
ripping them out of their parents arms
if that's just the new unacceptable
policy the administration is trying to
change the topic in every possible way
but on this they have no moral standing
to tear these children away from their
parents who are seeking asylum
all right Senator Jeff Merkley thank you
thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
