I want you to keep in mind the following
legal fact as the nation absorbs what's
happening tonight keep in mind these
four words pardons are for criminals
when a chief executive pardons someone
be it a governor parting a criminal who
served his time or a president pardoning
someone before they even do their time
the pardon is granted to the criminal to
forgive and forgo the punishment for the
crime if you talk about pardoning
someone who's not been charged you're
implying they're headed for conviction
if you talk about pardoning yourself
well you're implying that you're headed
for conviction and Donald Trump's own
lawyer who denies all kinds of things
does not even deny this legal fact I
just shared with you in fact he ruled
out self pardons in the strongest terms
on Sunday the president of the United
States pardoning himself would just be
unthinkable and it would it would lead
to probably an immediate impeachment now
that was Sunday tonight though the White
House is reeling from Donald Trump
bringing up the notion of pardoning
himself for this hypothetical crime
stating that he has the absolute right
to pardon himself again pardons are for
criminals in the same statement claiming
he can pardon himself Trump added a
question why would I do that when I've
done nothing wrong he asked now note
Trump is not saying he won't try to
pardon himself in the future he's just
asking why he would need to now the
context for this whole bizarre set of
statements is the heat on Trump as his
team's legal arguments have been leaking
out over the weekend with the New York
Times with a true blockbuster revealing
a January letter to Muller they have it
in its entirety claiming that they
believe Donald Trump can terminate the
probe into his own white house who
claims that Trump can use his power to
pardon to effectively end this probe and
if that were a reference to pardoning
himself
we should note because we deal with
facts here that the Justice Department
has long held presidents do not have
that power DOJ internal guidance stating
because of the fundamental rule that no
one may judge his own case the question
of whether the president can pardon
himself should be answered in the
negative the leaked letter also makes
Trump look bad
it admits that he did dictate on juniors
defense of the Trump Tower meeting which
implies the White House was lying in its
past denials now I should note for you
the letter also has some reasonable
legal arguments mixed in it argues that
commis memory of Donald Trump's
statement about letting Flynn go is not
airtight evidence of obstruction that's
a legal and reasonable way to make that
defense there's also some parsing of
Trump's answers in the infamous Lester
Holt interview now if all this wasn't
enough Rudy Giuliani also taking it
further he is openly speculating about
Donald Trump's hypothetical legal
ability to shoot James Comey you heard
that right
Giuliani stating that if Trump shot
James Comey he'd be impeached the next
day but not indicted now that very
overheated language of course drawing
Swift rebukes this is really literally
out of a tyrants playbook flat Amir
Putin could shoot his political rival
and not be thrown in jail heard Awad
could do the same thing except this is
an America a former White House Ethics
chief meanwhile saying we are in banana
republic territory so here we are now
I'll tell you this tonight because this
is one of those stories that does feel
like another boiling point of course as
with all things Trump and lately with
all things Giuliani there is a
performance aspect to this to get
everyone focused on Giuliani threatening
Comey
instead of all the other incriminating
things exposed in this leaked document
but there is more than just distraction
here there is a larger question about
why the White House is responding to all
this pressure by rolling out some of the
strangest most guilty arguments you
could make about a sitting president I'm
joined by a federal prosecutor Paul
Butler and Richard painter the former
White House Ethics chief I just cited
Richard how do you separate the
distraction and the rhetoric and the
hyperbole from what are and this is
important from the way we cover these
stories on the show
what are written serious legal claims
presented to special counsel molars
office
well I want to emphasize this not
hyperbole and distraction we have a
former federal prosecutor mr. Giuliani
who has openly referred to the president
the United States murdering a political
opponent in getting away with it that
doesn't happen in the United States of
America we're not going to allow that to
happen no we're not a Banana Republic
that's not going to happen here and he
is just flat-out wrong in saying that
the president could get away with that
without being criminally charged we're
not going to tolerate that attitude in
the United States of America and that's
why the house and the Senate Judiciary
Committee need to be investigating this
administration now we could fall into a
dictatorship if we are are not vigilant
about enforcing the law in this country
we can't just wait for robert muller to
get around his indictments with respect
to the rush investigation he's doing his
job he's doing it diligently but Robert
Miller is addressing only a small
fraction of the criminal violations and
violations the United States
Constitution they're involved in this
administration and the United States
Congress is doing absolutely nothing
this is a very serious situation one sir
you use the word you use the word murder
do you view this itself as an
inappropriate effort to intimidate
people like mr. Comey and other
potential witnesses I mean he's an
active witness in the probe and I hate
to say this because it feels
uncomfortable regardless of one's views
it feels uncomfortable to think about
that sitting president this way but how
would we be covering this story if the
potential subject of a criminal probe in
a in a Mafia case started talking openly
about the shooting of a key witness in
that case we'd have Muhtar indictment
that's what we'd be doing and those are
the only people talk that way in the
United States their people belong to
organized crime syndicates drug dealers
the Mafia and the rest of the people of
the Rudy Guiliani was supposedly
prosecuting and now we have former
federal prosecutor talking about the
president the United States murdering
the former head of the FBI
this is a very serious threat to our
democracy and this is what needs to be
investigated and this administration is
going to have to come to an end or we
could lose our democracy we could not
have people talking this way and getting
away with it
and this president talked about
pardoning himself it's absurd I mean
there's not an instance in human history
of someone pardoning themselves the word
pardoned by its very nature involves two
persons or a person and a higher being
it's a completely absurd the way they're
talking about Donald Trump is if he is a
dictator who can do anything he wants
whatever he wants the founders did not
create a constitution for this country
so we could have a president who's a
dictator and who acts like a dictator
and a Congress that does absolutely
nothing about it
Paul so I'm a law professor so I always
like to hear the other side the case
that the president can pardon himself
goes to the fact that the text of the
Constitution doesn't say one way or the
other
so it's something that the Supreme Court
would have to decide what the
president's lawyers would argue is that
because the Texas silent it gives very
broad authority to the president says he
can pardon for any federal offense the
only thing he can't do is pardon himself
out of an impeachment now I do think
agreement with Richard that the
arguments on the other side are stronger
they have to do with the values
underlying our government including that
no person should be the judge and jury
in his own case no self building and
that we're not a Mahna Mahna curry Oh
monarchy monarchy yeah yeah that did no
person including the president should be
above the law what does it tell you that
this is where they're driving the
conversation so if they're thinking
about pardon again to quote the
president that's something that you do
when you're guilty now to be sure any
defense attorney is going to cover all
of her bases so I'm not mad at the
lawyers I'm not mad at the president's
attorneys for bringing this up but in
terms of you know President Trump's got
different responsibilities one he is the
president of the United States he is the
chief executive officer he's got a
responsibility or to our democracy and
to the rule of law
but he always puts his own private
interests above so here we talk about
norms one reason it's never come up
before is because even if presidents
could most of them wouldn't consider
this because again they view their
responsibilities as higher than this
president does they also would seem to
take more seriously the implication of
it stay with me I want to bring in
Margaret Carlson columnist from The
Daily Beast a longtime Washington
observer Margaret take a listen to some
of the Republicans reactions to this
rather bizarre acclaim from the
president if I work president United
States and I had a lawyer that pulled me
I could part myself I think that higher
I don't know where the president would
go forward pardon himself but I don't
think a president should pardon
themselves if the president were to
pardon himself who get impeached that I
word coming up more and more not from
Nancy Pelosi but from people who by all
accounts Giuliani and Chris Christie
seemed to want to tell the president
perhaps through the television screen
this would be the worst thing you can do
is that how you read the these these
references to impeachment you know we
wondered when the Senate was going to
wake up and Senator Grassley may be the
indicator that they have that you know
the idea the framers didn't think about
a president pardoning himself because
they were fleeing King George they did
not think that an American president
would would even think of such a thing
and now we have one who says such a
thing I don't know if it's a threat if
he's feeling the noose tightening around
his neck or around Paul manna for it
what is prompting the president to do
things that are actually not in his
interest because you know as I said it
may be wakening up the Senate to what's
going on here and the more you no longer
be silent
Margaret speak to that in more detail
because it's it's become pretty
commonplace to reference the fact that
Muller knows a lot more than the
witnesses he interviews and most other
people in public life Donald Trump also
would seem to know a lot about this that
is to say if there is bad evidence
available he at least knows it exists
whether he knows not whether Muller has
it the context of the Cohen
seedings we've been covering the last
few weeks is whatever's in Cohen's
office that pertains to Donald Trump or
audio of phone calls that may exist he
may have some sense of what's on there I
mean does that at a certain level create
the space and the painting that Trump
may be operating off of well if you say
I can pardon myself it's it's an
awareness of guilt of something because
why would you bring it up if you're if
you're not guilty of something what are
you running from why are you saying I I
can do it if I need to oh I'm not going
to but if I need to I will and that
suggests that he knows something we
don't know we don't know what Muller
knows we don't know what Trump knows
because we don't know like on manna for
it that meeting in Trump Tower certainly
Trump had an awareness there was
something wrong about that or he
wouldn't have written that statement
that he did covering it up he surely
knows a lot about Flynn he's no doubt
worried about what he's going to say and
you know Trump is not a person to sit
still it's like he cannot he cannot wait
he must get out in front of it and he's
but in the meantime you know Rudy
Giuliani has made more omission
admissions against Trump's interest then
then Muller I mean what a lawyer Rudy
Giuliani is turning out to be because he
basically said his lawyer Jay Sekulow
could get out of lying about that
statement written on Air Force One but
Trump himself could not do it unless he
lied and so that's why Trump can't you
know can't go and appear before Muller
admitting to George Stephanopoulos
yesterday because he would lie right
which was which was astounding it we
have a little more on that later in the
hour Paul all of this relates back to
the subpoena that is the pressure here
yes is there in your view White House
argument here that they can still fight
it I don't think so so their Supreme
Court precedent here says from the Nixon
case that you documents can be subpoena
in a criminal case it didn't go to
whether the president's testimony can be
required in the Paula Jones case Bill
Clinton was required to testify in a
civil case right so I think that's
important
but I think if you put that to precedent
together right take it to the court the
courts got to say that Trump should haul
himself to report and testify the thing
is if they won a quick investigation if
they're opening all these major
constitutional questions that's going to
prolong yet it's gonna make it go right
to buck and it could take it all the way
to the courts just to find out what the
answer is hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
