that leak letter from Trump's lawyers
admitting for the first time the Trump
wrote and dictated a statement that
tried to hide what really happened at
the Trump Tower meeting with Russians
now Trump's lawyers buried this
admission to the very last page of their
letter suggesting Trump's team had been
lying all along now since the statement
President Trump dictated said the
meeting was to get dirt on Clinton well
that was what the meeting was about but
he had initially said it was about the
adoption of Russian children now Jay
Sekulow signed this new letter to Muller
saying Trump was involved in drafting
the statement about the meeting and Jay
Sekulow had claimed the opposite saying
Trump wasn't involved I do want to be
clear the president was not involved in
the drafting of the statement and did
not issue the statement it came from
Donald Trump jr. tonight that statement
appears false according to a fact check
of Jay Sekulow by Jay Sekulow
now his co-counsel Rudy Giuliani says
these shifting stories from Trump and
his lawyers illustrate why Trump should
not testify his story keeps changing
first it was all denied and now you're
saying he dictates right this is the
reason you don't let the president
testify if you know every all
recollection keeps changing or we're not
even asked a question and somebody makes
an assumption join by Wall Street
Journal's Shelby Holliday who's been
covering this story is this the reason
not to let him testify it seems like a
good reason if you can't get your story
straight and you have recollection
problems who knows what would be said to
the special counsel if Trump sits down
with them this this trumped our
revelation is really important for a
number of reasons there are a lot of
layers to unpack first of all whether or
not the president's actually being
honest with his lawyers it looks a lot
like he's not and that the record has to
be changed over and over and over again
also press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders was caught in a tough place
today because she had to answer the same
question about why did you tell us Trump
wasn't involved in the drafting of that
statement and the adoption cover story
is something that didn't where that well
Trump was talking about this and that
New York Times interview he did saying
you know he talked about adoptions with
Putin to take a listen actually it was
very interesting
I've always found that interesting
because you know he ended that years ago
and I actually talked about a Russian
adoption with him which is interesting
because that was a part of the
conversation that Don had with me
so Trump's right here's where it gets
really interesting Trump and Putin spoke
as you said on that graphic on July 7th
July 8th he dictates the statement to
about the Trump Tower meeting and says
the whole reason that they had this
meeting was because of Russian adoptions
now also if you look at some of the
testimony that's been released by the
Senate Intelligence Committee on July
6th there's an email from Rob Goldstone
who helped set up the meeting to alan
Garten the general counsel of Trump
organization talking about the press the
coverage of this potential story and it
becoming published by the New York Times
so they knew that the story was coming
on July 6 July 7th Trump talks to Putin
July 8 he dictates a statement and then
on July 9th and 10th between messages
between Rob Goldstone and Ayman Aguilera
of one of the Russians involved in
setting up the meeting it actually shows
that trumps legal counsel is helping
dictate the statements of the of the
parties on the Russian side of this
meeting and so it looks like the
president and his legal team are
dictating not just Trump jr. statement
but the statement of other people who
were involved in the meeting and that
could be a big reason why the questions
that special counsel Moeller wants to
ask do revolve around this really big
meeting Shelby when you put it like that
it makes it sound like an international
conspiracy to obstruct justice I mean
the timeline is really important here
and I am NOT a lawyer but I'm a
journalist who meticulously updates my
timeline and when you look at these
things all adding up it certainly raises
your eyebrows
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
