we're back so at least I read this whole
memo with my highlighter in my pen and I
got to this paragraph and I burst out
laughing and spit my tea all over myself
so I thought I would share with
everybody so I'm reading along and I'm
not a lawyer so I'm struggling through
parts of it but I get to this this is
from the John Dowd memo leaked to the
New York Times we express again as we
have expressed before that the special
counsels inquiry has been and remains a
considerable burden for the president
and his office has endangered the safety
and security of our country and has
interfered with the president's ability
to both govern domestically and conduct
Foreign Affairs so we had four hours of
evening George Bush's used to be at
seventy four and half hours everybody
spent 110 daytime visits to a golf club
he has one event on his schedule every
day this week I mean there may be a lot
of excuses like he's a lying liar of
pants on fire executive authority
executive privilege whatever it's called
but busy ain't one of them it's
incredible that has with everything in
this White House even legal documents
the victimhood complex seeps in and it's
all about what a burden it is for Donald
Trump to defend himself to wage a
defense against these charges that hey
maybe if he hadn't put himself in this
situation he wouldn't have to be dealing
with in the first place this to me I
know it sounds like a little thing but
this to me called into question the
credibility of everything else because I
made five calls today
nobody describes him as busy no nobody
this is a thing I read through part of
it it's like it's like a conservative
Republican Mad Libs list you just throw
in whatever words that you want to try
and justify what they're doing these men
are lawyers you would think that they
know but it you would say not exactly
their name is on this nonsense their
name is on these kind of documents and
here's the thing we not only of court
did we know that Donald Trump is a busy
right because he spends too much of his
time tweeting and complaining about SNL
and going to golf courses but also if
your most compelling argument if one of
your most compelling arguments is he's
too busy to deal with the fact that he
may have gotten into the position
illegally you don't have much of a
defense there's a lot of different
things you could say you could say hey
this may be exposing the country for
national security issues except from
cetera but not I'm too busy to face
justice and here's the other deal you
know
George W I don't like to hold him at his
example I know his policies we're very
polarizing and unpopular but he sat for
an interview with Pat Fitzgerald
well the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan
were raging I mean he actually was busy
and he may have been busy doing things
that people hated but he found time to
sit with Dick Cheney here's the irony of
the unreal busy defense the very
launching of that defense I've got
things to do and people to see will
prolong this investigation because he's
saying you can't you can't subpoena me
you can't interview me you can't charge
me all of that headed to the Supreme
Court all that's gonna drag out
endlessly because of the president so
the I'm too busy thing isn't cutting it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
