I'm just tweeted this as has been stated
by nubra numerous legal scholars I have
the absolute right to pardon myself but
why would I do that when I've done
nothing wrong in the meantime the
neverending witch-hunt led by 13 very
angry and conflicted Democrats and
others continues well the second just
gives a 13 very angry okay hold on one
second let me count the Democrats count
him
Muller yep he's real he's Republican I'm
sorry
try again but try getting sessions the
AG no he's a Republican yeah Oh try not
like rod Rosenstein is now angry Tim
sweetie he's Republican turn keep trying
thirteen angry conflicted Democrat has
been a lifelong Democrat
so who could the president you know why
the US Attorney for the Southern
District of no no no let me I get the
FBI got it oh I get it the FBI directors
and angry - no wait no he's angry at
himself
Donald Trump is a Democrat angry at
yourself is a lifelong Democrat don't be
conflicted he's talking about the 13
people on the mall our team you know
Donald Trump by the way has donated more
money to the Democratic Party than any
Democrat it's it's not gonna be mad at
yourself taken Donald Trump who gave
money to oh gee Nancy Pelosi I think I
don't get a ton of money to the DNC he
gave money to Hillary Clinton he gave
money to all his brothers recog oh oh he
gave money gosh he gave money to how
many good work he did a fundraiser in
2009 three so so that's a lie that's you
just said is a lie right flat-out
stone-cold lie it's propaganda right
100% so we have two things connecting
here first is doll Trump's basically
assertion that what I say is true
straight out of 1984 when Winston right
is being interrogated by the party
officials and the party official has
four fingers in the air and Winston
after being tortured says I only see
four fingers the party official says
well it can be three or it could be five
its what the party says is true now you
combine that fact right where the
president basically asserting that truth
is what I say is true what I believe is
true despite any material facts along
with the legal assertion that I am the
law right and I am the law enjoy saying
and those two things are profoundly
disturbing I'm good I'm gonna say I've
said it earlier and I my position
actually I'm sort of where Stanley is my
position this weekend as I heard all of
these claims of absolute executive power
sort of laughed it off because I know
they're about seven maybe eight justices
at the Supreme Court that would laugh
the president's attorneys out of
out of there but he does keep claiming
had the absolute power to pardon myself
by the absolute power to shoot people I
had the absolute power to yeah no he
doesn't have that absolute power and I
think it's important for us to let
Americans watching this know that yes
this is disturbing rhetoric but the
Supreme Court would never follow the
president down this rabbit hole we have
a separation of powers that James
Madison gave us and we will continue to
have those separations of powers even
after Donald Trump leaves office Joyce
Joyce so I hope you're right about the
Supreme Court Jo and I do think that
you're right about the Supreme Court
that they would be that last bastion of
hope for us but by the same token I take
the president's letter very seriously
he's and his tweets as well he's made
these sort of off-the-wall sorts of
claims before and people have thought
well he won't go that far no one's gonna
separate moms from babies at the border
and here we are so here's what I did as
a prosecutor though when I was looking
at a target in a case or a subject in
negotiating with his defense lawyer we
talked about whether or not there was
probable cause to indict his client we
never talked about whether his client
was above the law and this is the
dangerous sort of paradigm that
President Trump and his lawyers are
setting up this fundamental focus that
he is above the law we all know that the
Supreme Court will reject that they are
running it as a public relations
strategy trying to confuse the American
people and it's disgusting to see that
coming from a president who should be
protecting us and that's that's
important thank you you're not a legal
strategy it's a public relations
strategy and since we've already had a
blast from the past with Bill Clinton
earlier today it is important to
remember this is not the first time that
has happened Bill Clinton
James Carville Democrats in the House
Democrats in the Senate Democrats on
cable news Democratic special interest
groups savaged
savaged Ken Starr made Ken Starr out to
be the bad guy made Republican members
in Congress out to be the bad guys this
ground has been plowed before Joyce
Vance Stan thanks so much for being on
the story thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up to date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more for
morning joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
