the idea that you know our soldiers who
had fought and died together on the
beaches of world war ii on the mountains
of afghanistan and have stood
shoulder-to-shoulder in some of the most
difficult places in the world that are
always there for each other somehow this
is insulting to them the idea that the
Canadian steel that's in military
military vehicles in the United States
the Canadian aluminum that makes your
your fighter jets is somehow now a
threat the idea that we are somehow a
national security threat to the United
States is quite frankly insulting and
unacceptable yep Canadian Prime Minister
Justin Trudeau reacting to the steel and
aluminum tariffs president Trump imposed
last week on some of America's closest
allies Treasury Secretary Stephen
minuchin was reportedly confronted about
it by his counterparts during a
three-day meeting of g7 finance
ministers in Canada in a joint statement
summarizing the meeting the group
expressed collective quote concern and
disappointment in its American ally
adding quote collaboration and
cooperation has been put at risk Frances
finance and and economy minister was
blunt in his assessment saying quote I
would say it's been far more 8g 6+1 then
AG said well okay that's a bad sign and
Heidi I mean watching Kevin McCarthy's
pathetic pathetic inability to see the
difference between right and wrong
because I guess he's so desperate to be
Speaker I at least this issue and that
would be on the president's lying at
least this issue has Republicans finding
their voices right when the president
first announced these tariffs there was
a broad backlash on Capitol Hill
everyone from Speaker Paul Ryan to Mitch
McConnell Orrin Hatch Ben Sasse across
the board and here's the thing Congress
has a constitutional right to regulate
trade under normal circumstances but the
law that the president used to do this
which is based on national security
reasons which is highly disputed here
but nevertheless if
Congress did want to take action they'd
have to do it by a veto-proof majority
on that I just don't see how Congress is
going to muster the votes for this given
that this is not the same Republican
Party that we've seen in the past when
it comes to free trade so I think we'll
have to see how this plays out but one
important note I want to mention as well
that just baffles the mind on all of
this is that I did some reporting a
couple of weeks ago when this first
happened even the steel workers wanted
these tariffs to be targeted they were
concerned about exactly this scenario
that it would spark a broader trade war
so walk you know understandably incensed
about this but they point out for
instance that countries like Australia
exempted so what is the method behind
this we still don't know why the
president is doing this when his own
constituents the steel workers didn't
want this and Steve you have a look at
how some of the efforts of previous
administrations to use tariffs to reduce
imports have played out how did how did
that work yeah look the reason I think
why Republicans are willing to speak out
about this is because it's a truly bad
idea and history is not on the side of
using tariffs to try to advance yourself
economically or any other way so let me
make four quick points first let's take
a look at Bush's steel tariffs that he
put in in 2002 on imported steel and you
can see that the steel industry
employment was dropping pretty
substantially before he did it but then
he did it it plateaued for a short while
and then it just kept going down again
and the tariffs only lasted twenty-one
months partly because they were declared
illegal by the WTO and partly because
the EU imposed retaliatory tariffs who
were headed down headed down a spiral
now one of the reasons the steel workers
and other people like that are unhappy
about this is because while there are
jobs in the steel producing areas there
are many more jobs in the steel using
areas so if you take a look at this next
chart you can see that at the moment we
have 372 thousand jobs in total in the
areas of producing iron steel and other
metals we have 4.1 million jobs in
industries that use deals including
things like cars and
estimates that these tariffs could cost
the auto industry alone 45,000 sososo
see fit here let's go back to this chart
really quickly you would want to just
show everybody this is Steve not only do
you hurt ten times as many American
workers but even the 372 thousand
workers who are producers of metal those
workers are going to be impacted by
higher prices when they go buy a car
higher prices when they buy items at
Walmart higher prices when they buy
items anywhere exactly and if you take a
look for example at the next chart which
is an example from the Obama
administration of crafts that we put on
Chinese tires you can see exactly your
point Joe which is that they raise
prices to consumers of tires 26% on
Chinese tires 3% of american tires that
cuts into consumer purchasing power to
the tune of 1.1 billion and so according
to a study by the peterson institute
while 1,200 jobs were saved in the tire
area we lost 3,700 jobs elsewhere in the
economy so there was actually a net loss
and on top of that the Chinese
retaliated by putting tariffs on our
chicken part exports to the cost of a
billion dollars okay so so let's go to
had most Raveena's for one minute
Admiral not only does this hurt
Americans economically but obviously we
saw Justin Trudeau talk about the impact
that on our relationship with with
Canada but my gosh
our traditional Western European allies
so we depend on so much and have yeah
since 1945 you can just see a real wedge
being driven between the United States
and those countries some of whom have
already said that Russia is their
actions are even more dependable than
the United States troops from their
nation died there they spent billions
and billions of dollars they came along
with the United States because we stood
together as an alliance in the case of
NATO and as a coalition in the broader
sense to see this kind of wedge as you
say it driven particularly into the
Atlantic Ocean between us and our
European partners we will rue the day
that they drift away from us last point
if you
back a hundred years ago and we ought to
get a chart of this look at the
hawley-smoot tariff sin the late 20s and
early 30s how'd that work out well that
cracked the global economy and you can
drop a plumb line to the rise of fascism
see Madeleine Albright's new book on
this subject that's what leads to the
second world war this is America first
and protectionism this is America alone
when the French and others said the g7
has become the g6
the United States has spent 70 years or
longer building up an international
order economically and strategically
that has served our interests on balance
so this is not just bad economics as
Steve pointed out this is not it's not
simply going to cost more jobs than it
saves this is this is going to
contribute to the further unraveling of
a world that we have literally spent
three quarters of a century trying to
build it's a it's a slogan America first
it doesn't put America first it puts
America alone as you say but also Steve
it puts Americans last Americans
working-class Americans are the ones who
fill the disproportionate sting of these
higher costs brought on by the Trump
tariff tax yeah it's it is it is a tax
on Americans it's not a tax on some
foreign country it's a tax on americans
it raises the price of everything and
just one little point one of the things
that antagonize the Canadians as much as
anything and and the Prime Minister
referred to this is that we use this
crazy provision of the law which is
designed for national security
emergencies only used before during the
oil embargos in the 1970s against one of
our neighbors to whom by the way we
export more steel to Canada than we
import from it that's why the Trudeau
interview yesterday is are really
important yeah I really argue in so many
respects we don't meet geographically we
did this unilaterally and the fact that
we use national security it also sets a
precedent anyone else now around the
world if they want they can cite their
national security this is this is how
things unravel so go ahead I was just
going to say we also ought to look at
who is not involved in this and for
example the next summit in North Korea
is Bashar al-assad coming to see Kim
jong-un this would be like Tony Soprano
inviting Vito Corleone to the bada bing
Club listen there are no
actions flow in there and the bad guys
on the other team are going to use this
against us not just gia politically but
economically it's great
on that note Admiral James stavridis
thank you very much
and coming up rudy guiliani picks quite
the example when describing the scope of
executive power that the president can
shoot the man who considered who he
considers a political enemy without any
legal repercussions more on this
alarming escalation next on Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
