we can get to solve this long nightmare
for the American public over my fellow
Americans our long national nightmare is
over that is Rudy Giuliani over the
weekend borrowing a phrase from Gerald
Ford Nixon of course was pardoned by his
successor and Rudy was asked repeatedly
on Sunday would president Trump pardon
him himself
Plus remember when the White House
insisted over and over again that the
president had no role in drafting his
son's misleading statement about meeting
with Russia
Jay Sekulow of course who Robertson yes
religious freedom evangelical lawyer
swore right they never did that we now
know that was a lot yeah
are you kidding we know it was alive
because the president's own lawyers
admitted it confirming that good morning
everyone it's Monday June 4th welcome to
Morning Joe we have a lot to get to with
us we have veteran columnist and MSNBC
contributor Mike Barnicle
former Treasury official and Morning Joe
economic analyst Steve Rattner president
of the Council on Foreign Relations and
author of the book a world in disarray
and is it ever Richard Haass NBC News
national political reporter Heidi Prez
Bela New York Times reporter Michael
Schmidt is with us great group to start
off the week and there's so much to get
well there's so much to get to and and
you listen to what Rudy Giuliani said
over the weekend there's so many things
that are disturbing you team that with
the letters they wrote that actually the
president and his lawyers believe that
the bedrock American principle that no
man is above the law no woman is above
the law no person is above the law they
actually believe for the first time in
US history for a president it does not
apply to them and by the way they are
they are kidding themselves and will be
let down horribly if they ever decide to
try this on to take this and put wheels
on this and take it out for a spin to
the United States Supreme Court they
will be slapped down
every bit as much as Richard Nixon in
1973 and 1974 and if you don't believe
me go to the Supreme Court you may get
one you may get two votes that's it
you will be run over because this
Supreme Court does not believe that any
person is above the law thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
