look there's a big difference between
comments made in actions taken the
president is certainly not responsible
for sending suspicious packages to
someone no more than Bernie Sanders was
responsible for a supporter of his
shooting up a Republican baseball field
practice last year the idea that this is
at the hands of the president is
absolutely ridiculous anyone else
noticed the White House driveway it
passes for the new White House briefing
room they have a perfectly nice briefing
room right inside the structure we
haven't seen much of Sarah Huckabee
Sanders on camera in recent leaks but
today the White House press secretary
defended the president's comments
blaming the media for anger in America
just last night at his rally in
Wisconsin he called for all sides to
come together in peace and harmony his
words following news that these
explosive devices have been mailed to
top Democrats and to CNN Peter Baker and
Jeremy Peters of the New York Times
write quote upset the critics linked a
spate of pipe bombs targeting his
adversaries to his own angry messaging
mr. Trump abandoned the scripted call
for national solidarity he issued the
day before and lashed out at perceived
enemies for fomenting the toxic
political environment they say he has
encouraged earlier today former
Republican strategist Steve Schmidt said
to find the parallel to what we are
witnessing right now this week you'd
have to go all the way back to 1865
we haven't seen anything like it since
the night Abraham Lincoln was
assassinated this was a mass
assassination attempt including two
former presidents a former vice
president of the United States a former
attorney general of the United States a
former chairwoman of the Democratic
National Committee the person who is
responsible for sending bombs to all of
those people is the person who mailed
the bombs Donald Trump did not mail the
bombs but he created the atmosphere
where a sick person would look at those
individuals and see an enemy boy that's
saying a lot of nita kumar is with us
White House correspondent for McClatchy
Newspapers and the aforementioned Jeremy
Peters Ben
with us political reporter for the New
York Times Anita Steve Schmidt has this
way of focusing the mind and when you
hear it in those words when you hear the
list of recipients of these packages it
really focuses the mind question for you
is is the White House political
operation just continuing to go forward
unabated we had Wisconsin last night
presidents got North Carolina tomorrow
night are these parallel universes well
I don't think you're gonna see the
president stop campaigning he's gonna be
as you mentioned campaigning and Friday
and Saturday and I can expect him to be
campaigning every day for the for the
till the you know till the election
November 6
you know they felt like yesterday at the
White House that when CNN issued their
statement sort of pushing back on the
president's comments and I think Sarah
Huckabee Sanders as well they felt like
that that statement was over-the-top
that it just overdid it and that they
could go back to their message of the
long time strategy of pushing back on
the media that was the message that kind
of did it for them that statement from
CNN and they felt like okay they overdid
it so we can go back to bashing the
media the thing that's been working with
their base the thing that they've been
talking about you know for months and
months since they've been there in the
administration and talking about all
these campaign rallies the other thing
is that you saw a lot of Democrats also
you know agree with the media or agree
with CNN and so they went back to
pushing back on the Democrats this angry
mob so they've gone back to the same
strategy that they've had from the very
beginning Jeremie you and Peter Baker
quote John Brennan who tweeted this
today stop blaming others look in the
mirror this is directed at the president
who called Brennan a lowlife and pulled
his security clearance stop blaming
others look in the mirror your
inflammatory rhetoric insults lies and
encouragement of physical violence are
disgraceful clean up your act try to act
presidential the American people deserve
much better by the way your critics will
not be intimidated into silence
so that's John Brennan who as I said
last night doesn't scare easily former
head of the CIA long time overseas
station chief for the CIA
but Jeremy when he turns around who's
with him and would we know it if this
were gonna be a turning point I would
not expect a turning point at all Brian
I mean what was it 12 hours that it took
the president to abandon his calls for
reconciliation on national unity before
he was out seeing a victim in all of
this said that that victim being himself
so no there's not really going to be
another Donald Trump and I don't know
that there's going to be one for the
remainder of his presidency this is this
is the guy that was elected and he's
going to stay that way I think what we
have to come to terms with and expect
from now on is if we don't already is it
in situations like this we don't have a
unifier we don't have an empathetic
leader like we have had in these moments
of national trauma where say Bill
Clinton spoke to the nation after the
Oklahoma City bombings and said that he
rejected the voices that foment paranoia
the problem right now is that those
voices are in the president's ear every
day the president often gives platform
to them sometimes the President himself
is that voice and that's really what's
different about our political culture at
this moment I will add that when Bill
Clinton spoke out against those angry
paranoid voices after the Oklahoma sort
of City bombing it was widely assumed
that he was referring to people like
Rush Limbaugh who angrily reacted went
after Clinton spoke well yesterday what
Rush Limbaugh did 25 years later was
come out and say that these bombings
were likely a democratic ploy yep saw
that noted that on our broadcast last
night and the the notion you just gave
voice to is actually our last segment
tonight looking at other presidents at
other moments in our history Anita this
is what happens when Sarah Sanders when
the White House talks about this
president and his relationship to acts
or words of violence I'm going to play
for you Sarah Huckabee Sanders and then
will come out of that and I'll play for
you the president in Montana look the
president's can
violence in all forms has done that
since day one we'll continue to do that
but certainly feels that everyone has a
role to play and by the way never
wrestle him you understand that never
any guy that can do a body slam he's
Mike
bodyslam of course in that case was a
journalist anita those are those two
disparate elements are hard to reconcile
yeah i mean serah's right about one
thing which is the president sometimes
does do what what she's saying he does
occasionally uncertain in certain
moments after a mass shooting yesterday
briefly you know after a hurricane will
say something that she would call
presidential that unites the country but
it's for about five ten minutes right
it's for maybe an hour and then most of
the time he's the person you just showed
or just played in the rally so I mean
it's just it goes back and forth and
obviously the times where he's uniting
the country is much less frequent right
so he'll he'll say one thing and then
he'll go right back to talking about you
know body slamming a reporter or you
know locking her up or any of those
other things and so it's hard to
reconcile those things it's hard to
believe him when he can go right back to
saying something else Jeremy you got
this other colleague there at the Times
named maybe Maggie Haberman who tweeted
this tonight Trump's tweet this morning
wasn't a one-off this is about the
southern border and the caravan and
immigration he is looking at closing the
border entirely as a pre-election effort
to stoke his base not clear that this
would ever actually happen only that the
White House will likely drive it till
November 6th we should probably say
Jeremy as a viewers guide closing the
booed southern border it's 2,000 miles
long it is likely that if we called home
every deployed member of the US military
we still could not close the southern
border it appears to be a shiny object
but Jeremy this could be the next topic
they'll roll out a shiny object perhaps
and a prelude to the arguments I expect
to hear from the president and his
allies in Congress in the months ahead
to build his wall
to get the funding from the Congress for
that so yes yeah I mean this is really I
think in an effort to gin up the base
before the midterms the
president can close down segments of the
border sure we saw Reagan do that George
W Bush did that at certain ports of
entry after 9/11 this president however
is fond of talking of using the military
to execute border control operations and
that's something that it's not clear he
has the legal authority to do what's
more as my colleagues pointed out in
their piece tonight on Trump's plans as
to his talks of shutting down the board
or whatever that means there certainly
would be legal action that would follow
any steps the president took along these
lines so III don't think this is
concrete by any stretch of the
imagination yet hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
