great to NBC News Kerry Sanders live in
Panama City Florida Kerry good to have
you with us we saw your coverage
yesterday obviously saw that image of
you being blown around by the powerful
winds gives us a real sense of just how
strong some of these winds are what are
the conditions like there this morning
and talk to us a little bit about that
experience in terms of covering it
yesterday we talked about and we made
the point about how quickly this storm
grew and how quickly it moved I did that
give enough folks on the ground time to
prepare or get out well preparation
really was flat-footed people thought
that a category 2 was coming and they
didn't do what they normally would do in
the category 4 or 5 I think perhaps when
you want to talk about the power of the
wind beyond me getting blown around this
really tells the story here we're at a
marina here or this is called legendary
marina and you can see the damage that
was created by the storm now right now
yeah I know it's Alex it's amazing and
what you realize is when you look at the
the rotation of the of the hurricane
winds this is actually coming off of the
intercostal waterway
as opposed to coming in from shore
getting around right now is very
difficult now they did get a little bit
of an early assessment because the storm
passed through along the coast here
before the sunset but since then in the
darkness it's been very hard to really
get a handle on what this community has
really been hit with they do know that
there are some schools that lost
rooftops they know that there's at least
one hospital where the windows broke out
and they had to move the patients to
another portion of the hospital they
know that there is mostly power out in
the region remarkably there's a few
areas that do have power and roads are
extremely difficult to get through
that's important because there are folks
waking up this morning who are watching
what we're reporting who want to know
can I go home you cannot return
immediately even if your home survived
and everything looks like it's good
because those power lines are down roads
are blocked it's very very easy to get
yourself into trouble
something as simple as a flat tire
stranded out here nobody needs you with
a flat tire gumming up the works when
they have the power crews coming in Duke
Energy and other power companies are
responding they've got more than 5,000
linemen that are gonna be out trying to
restore power in the affected areas but
that takes time because you have to
remove down trees remove poles reset
poles get the lines up so if you are
somewhere else because you did evacuate
you probably want to take a day or so
before you really assess coming back
yeah and just on Panama City Beach about
24,000 people stayed put and so they're
waking up without power there are no
reports from the fire department here
that there were any serious injuries
during the storm but they did say that
their phones were ringing off the hook
people calling asking for help
Fire Department says I'm sorry we asked
you to evacuate we give you a mandatory
evacuation you can't call us in the
middle of the storm and say help guys
yeah you were almost blown away I mean I
can't even believe that video that we
saw I know you don't want to be the
story but wow very glad you're standing
upright and safe and sound this morning
that's for sure thank you all right
Kerry Sanders live for us in Panama City
Florida thanks Kerry hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
