Willie I want to take you down memory
lane I'm gonna put up a picture here of
a Newsweek magazine cover from 1999 and
ask you about your friendship with Rudy
Giuliani both of you former mayors you
know New York and San Francisco
respectively do you think he's
tarnishing his past with this fronting
of the president's arguments I mean we
have this cover it shows the both of you
on it and it's kind of fun to think back
on well you got to know that Rudy
Giuliani was on the way out frankly in
2001 the business of what happened there
in New York in 2001 resurrected him they
delayed the election by at least a
couple of weeks and in delay in the
election he managed to steer the
Democrats out a fella named green and do
Bloomberg in and then from that point on
he went about to make millions Rudy
Giuliani is a talented guy and believe
me he's the best thing that chump has
got going for him
all those other people don't count Rudy
does count and believe me in my
knowledge and my acquaintanceship with
Rudy and my occasional visit with him
when I'm in New York or seeing him when
he comes to California I'm telling you
this guy doesn't need meds he knows what
he's doing
ok Willie Brown will take your word for
it thank you very much always good to
see you sir appreciate it all right Alex
nice to see you too thank you hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
