the salut caminando imminent appearances
he a mastaba caminando canola faraway
topics appear pareidolia ketosis le mi
persona Mohini como si mama mr. Kouri
por que no se para don't even River as
the Trump administration continues its
zero-tolerance policy on families
crossing the border illegally 11,000
migrant children are being held in
government custody without their parents
according to federal health officials a
22% increase since April protesters
gathered in more than two dozen cities
on Friday to condemn the Trump
administration's policy but earlier this
week homeland security secretary Kirsten
nielsen slammed critics of the policy
during a visit to the us-mexico border
in Nogales Arizona they think illegal
aliens should get different perhaps
better treatment than US citizens
because they happen to be illegal aliens
no jail if they have a family no
critical consequences if they have
children if you smuggle illegal aliens
across our border we will prosecute you
if you cross the border illegally we
will prosecute you and if you make a
false immigration claim we will
prosecute you joining me now to discuss
is soluble Juan a founder and president
of new American leaders in Anusha
Hossein contributing writer for women in
the world and forbes thank you both very
much for being here saw you let me start
with you what we just heard secretary
nielsen say is an echo of what we heard
the Attorney General say about this time
last month let's take a listen if you
cross the border unlawfully then we will
prosecute you
it's that simple if you smuggle illegal
aliens across our border then we will
prosecute you if you are smuggling a
child then we will prosecute you
and that child may be separated from you
as required by law to tell you given
what we just heard the secretary say and
the Attorney General say just now what
kind of impact has that had on on the
immigrant community and those migrants
who are coming over well can we just
first say they're definitely on message
it's just that the message is wrong that
many of the families who are coming are
seeking protection not persecution and
instead what we're doing is stopping
them and saying that they're coming
unlawfully when in fact the right to
seek asylum is a completely legal thing
under US law so we need to be really
really clear about that and because of
that because we are being called illegal
when no human being is illegal because
we're our actions are being called
illegal when in fact the action of
seeking protection in a country that has
always been a beacon of hope is being
called illegal people are very very
frustrated and afraid which is a very
distinct impact of the message that they
are sending by separating children and
families we are trying to instill fear
and they're succeeding in making people
fearful except they're not succeeding in
making us be quiet so they are making a
point of saying that people are these
migrants are illegal but there's another
word that's being used by the President
to describe them let's take a listen I
have to listen to Pelosi in these people
saying we have to respect them they're
human beings and not human beings
they're not giving
and this is why we call the bloodthirsty
ms-13 gang members exactly the name that
I used last week what was the name
Animals an O'Shea I am speechless this
this entire situation Jonathan breaks my
heart and I think all around the world
just just as mothers the u.s.
immigration the history of u.s.
immigration has always been rooted in
keeping families together and it is so
shocking and disgusting that the u.s. is
now in a position of being anti children
and the president's language and this
doubling down of the terms like animals
and that these people aren't human is
completely dehumanizing immigrants and
you know I don't want us to get the
numbers lost in kind of our shock and
horror over this 11,000 kids currently
being detained by the US government
1,500 children lost an encounter four by
the US government and 600 kids rounded
up just in this past month this is a
cruel and ineffective policy in fact
that footage that you showed of the
mother that they were interviewing at
the border they asked her later on in
that interview if she knew she was going
to be separated from her son which she
still had tried to cross into the u.s.
and she said that the situation is
really bad back home in the situation is
equally bad in America so it's not
deterring these immigrants in fact it's
just making their plight worse and
actually that's something that I hope
viewers if they don't appreciate this
that they do appreciate it now that by
the the reason people are leaving is
because the conditions at home are so
bad but by the time they get to the US
border they have endured so many
hardships so not leave obstacles don't
even describe what it takes to get from
where they're leaving to get to the
American border but sorry your reaction
to those numbers is what knowshe was
saying and to what the president said at
that rally well so let me just say that
you know I want to follow up on what
you're saying Jonathan that they are
coming here striving in the very same
way that generations of people have come
to America striving including the
fathers like what we should be doing is
not having a zero tolerance policy but a
welcome aboard policy because why
wouldn't we want people who have worked
so hard and endured obstacles to be here
why wouldn't we want them to go through
a system that helps determine whether
they are in fact eligible for asylum I
want to clarify on the issue of the
numbers because there's a lot of
conversation about the quote/unquote
lost children and that you know they're
it's really important that our viewers
understand that that they're not
necessarily lost by the government but
they are unable to be tracked and there
are multiple reasons why we aren't able
to track them on track yes so it's it's
not so much that the government lost
those folks is that they are unable to
locate the children the numbers aren't
working that they're the phone numbers
that they're using to find the children
aren't necessarily working that does not
necessarily mean that they're lost that
sometimes it is in there in the
children's interest that they are not
able to be tracked I know should give
you the last word I think that whether
they're literally lost or not it is very
clear that the US government cannot
handle the amount of children that's
coming into their care and they have no
process there are risks and reports
about these kids going off to
traffickers so it's a very dangerous
situation that is cruel and ineffective
and with that we'll leave it there sorry
butch Ronnie and I know Shay I noticed a
new say who's saying Hossein thank you
very much for being here more ham joy
after the break hey thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there for
more am joy and the rest of MSNBC and
click on any of the videos right here to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights and you can get more videos
from MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
