regardless of recommendation I was going
to fire coffee knowing there was no good
time to do it and in fact when I decided
to just do it I said to myself I said
you know this rushar thing with Trump
and Russia is a made-up story welcome
back to am joy Donald Trump is again
trying to rewrite history contradicting
his very own reason for firing James
Comey as FBI director in a tweet
Thursday Trump insisted that he never
fired Comey because of Russia that's
despite his own words to Lester Holt
that you just heard and the New York
Times reporting that Trump told Russian
officials whom he had invited to the
Oval Office
the day after Comey was fired that he
had relieved great pressure on himself
by kicking Comey out of his job and
we're learning more details about the
circumstances around commis firing this
time from fire deputy FBI director
Andrew McCabe the New York Times reports
that mccabe wrote a memo last year
describing a meeting with Deputy
Attorney General Rod Rosenstein who
added a new detail about commis firing
and the memo written by Rosenstein that
Trump used to justify it according to
The Times Rosen Stein said the President
had originally asked him to reference
Russia in his memo the people familiar
with the conversation said mr. Rosen
Stein did not elaborate on what Trump
wanted him to say to mr. mchabe that
seemed like possible evidence that mr.
commis firing was actually related to
the FBI's investigation into the Trump
campaigns ties to Russia and that mr.
Rosen Stein helped provide a cover story
by writing about the clinton
investigation
joining me now MSNBC legal analyst and
professor of law at Georgetown Law
School Paul Butler senior vice president
for social justice at the new school
Maya Wiley and joining us now is the
host of MSNBC's much CTV the last word
one lawrence O'Donnell Lawrence I'm
sorry thank you very much I would start
with you because among the people who
are undercutting Donald Trump's new
defense that he didn't fire Comey
because of Russia are Donald Trump in
the past in his past statements but also
Rudy Giuliani who was ostensibly his
lawyer
here's Rudy Giuliani on sean hannity
show on may 2nd he fired call me because
Comey would not
among other things say that he wasn't
they targeted the investigation he's
entitled to that Hillary Clinton got
that and she he couldn't get that so he
fired him and he said I'm free of this
guy the investigation being the Russian
investigation Donald Trump and Rudy
Giuliani have are now in the middle of a
contest for who can say the stupidest
thing about the firing of the most
harmful thing about the firing of Comey
on TV most harmful to Donald Trump and
and you know I when I sit here in this
by the way very relaxed pose as the
guest just watching that and I feel none
of those anchoring pressures I was just
able to take it in in a way I haven't in
a long time Lester holds position in
American history is now set he is the
anchor person in the history of American
television who asked the most important
question ever asked of a president on
television and got the most important
and most revealing answer ever obtained
yep from a president on television yeah
absolutely and and the problem being
that obstruction of justice stemming
from the firing of Kobe is part of
Donald Trump's biggest problem right now
that's right and so what prosecutors
think about is criminal intent was this
ops the asking call me to step down was
that part of a way of impeding the
investigation and we have smoking gun
evidence from the president that he
fired call me because of the Russian
investigation so again as a prosecutor
it doesn't get much better than that and
then on top of that Meyer you you have
an ongoing crisis inside the Department
of Justice and an ongoing I guess public
worry of who's the next person to be
fired Andrew McCabe's already been fired
people who witnessed me who Comey told
about his encounters with Donald Trump
in the Oval Office all either reassigned
or fired here's former attorney General
Eric Holder on Friday in New Hampshire
about the state of the Department of
Justice and the potential that this is
careening toward a crisis I suspect that
we are on
a path where there's gonna be an
inevitable clash we're going to get to a
point where the Justice Department
simply will not go any further
I've been rod will nothing further and
some things that happened I don't know
who gets fired or what happens but we're
gonna be you know buckle up your seat
belts we're gonna be in the middle of
some kind of crisis and that's again
because of the threat that Donald Trump
will continue firing people again
because of the Russia problem right I
mean the real question here are the
Republicans in Congress because as we
talked about earlier what's really held
Trump at bay are the Republicans are
people like Mitch McConnell saying okay
I may not sign on to this legislation
that says you can't file it fire the
special counsel but I do expect you not
to fire folks right I mean the whole
question about protecting Jeff Sessions
at the same time so it's become highly
politicized if the Republicans continue
to sort of say while we won't publicly
in the ways I think that would be
appropriate under the conditions that
we're in which is a president who's
violating all our constitutional norms
and societal norms say we are going to
actually hold the line though
politically even if we won't institute
legislation that will help us hold that
line but if they shift if they founder
then I think it's a very different
question and just to go back to
something that Lawrence said that I
think is so important it's Donald Trump
did something amazing because he
actually probably told the truth big
Lester Holt interview which was as
astounding as the question was that he
actually answered it honest yeah I mean
and you know Lawrence to that point
about the hill you know the hill very
well Republicans seem to have one line
which is you can't mess with our friend
Jeff Sessions is that what winds up kind
of saving Bob Muller it possibly the way
it was just a throwaway sentence
literally in a recent New York Times
report that said Republicans Republicans
in the Senate have told the president
they will not confirm another Attorney
General if he fires Jeff Sessions if
that is true that is the single most
important thing that Republicans in the
Senate have
in a presidency where they have
literally done nothing else yeah like
it's the only important thing I've done
but you know I'm always trying to stare
at these tea leaves and when I notice
Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell separating
from the president very clearly on
tariffs this week in the way they've
never separated with them on any policy
before and then we hear Mitch McConnell
yesterday in Kentucky in local TV and
Kentucky saying well you know this North
Korea thing you've got to be very
careful you can't want the deal too much
he doesn't say he's describing the
president but he is describing right and
he's criticizing the president's
approach to North Korea that's something
that's the kind of note you weren't
hearing from Mitch McConnell even months
ago never mind to hear ago yeah and I
guess the question is because you know
those of us who very dubious about the
idea that Republicans whatever impeach
Donald Trump yes if Democrats did it and
Donald Trump then let's say had created
so much enmity everybody needs a 60 cent
what you would need is 67 votes in the
Senate that doesn't seem even in the
realm of possibility right now with
these Republicans but does what Lawrence
is describing the creep away is that
also a threat to Donald Trump that if
they creep away and Democrat then have
the house yeah so it's a concern so
impeachment is largely a political issue
rather than a legal issue there's legal
high crimes and misdemeanors that's the
standard but ultimately the house
charges and then the Senate has to
convict by a two-thirds of margin and so
whether that can happen is I think very
dubious you know one segment one issue
that that segment raised were wrought
Rosenstein so the FBI former FBI
director has said that President Trump
asked Rosenstein to air Russia to the
memo justifying the firing of call me
that makes Rosenstein a fact witness and
mothers investigation so at some point
what he had three kids at some point
he's gonna have to seriously way that
what are you saying now is he's talked
to Muller and talked to ethics officers
at the Department of Justice and they
say at this point he's not required to
recuse but at some point he might be
okay what happens then well it then goes
to arson down the list but I think
the question there's so much that we
know that's in the public view right now
that points directly to corrupt intent
which is which is what robert muller has
to show in order to say that he has an
obstruction of justice case against
donald trump yeah there's tons of
evidence of that already Trump himself
has given that evidence actually
Giuliani himself as his legal
representative is essentially saying
yeah he did it yes he did well I mean
he's not acting as a lawyer because
anything that he's doing is astonishing
as I mean I worked in the US Attorney's
Office for the Southern District on the
civil side and I've never seen anything
like this yeah but I think this is the
point is there already is an obstruction
of justice case so very well maybe they
don't need Rob Rosen Stein right as a
witness oh so that's number one so I
think that will come into the calculus
because Robert Muller has been an
extremely astute political actor in this
and by that I mean not that he's been
playing politics he's going to very
astute at not playing politics but at
also making sure he's covering his bases
with his filings in court that become
his way of demonstrating what he's doing
how he's doing it in a sense making an
argument to the American public that he
can't go to the press and make publicly
and that has been one of the tactics
Lawrence has been to try to degrade the
public's view of robert muller in that
case right that anything he comes up
with his tainted because he's tainted
and I wonder if I wonder if that
strategy can help if at the same time
constantly berating and threatening Jeff
sessions you know dollar really has an
audience mostly of the Congress because
the public can't impeach they can't get
throw it on Trump out only the Congress
can do it it is weird it's a weird
strategy yes so one clear thing that
originally Ani has said is that this is
all about impeachment that that and and
so because it's all about impeachment he
has said we are trying to appeal to
Trump voters and we are hoping and he
said basically he said this that we're
hoping that the voter then puts pressure
on the Republican office holder in the
house representatives right and on the
Republican office holder in the Senate
and so so their jury as they see
is this is this bank shot you know from
from from the voter to the officeholder
we've never seen anybody try to play
that bank shot an impeachment before but
it's it's already it's working already
because you know trumpism is
republicanism now and so you you don't
have anything like what you need in
terms of political strength and the
house to do anything but I am one person
who has never said these Republicans
will not impeach him and the reason I
haven't said it is having worked in the
Congress worked in the Senate I can tell
you that the very last people know what
a member of Congress is going to do or
what a senator is going to do is that
Senator and that member of Congress
they're the last ones to know what
they're going to do because they
basically all operate out of last minute
fear calculations and really last night
to that very point justice a with you
were just saying lord the trade thing
talking about bank shots if that if
those tariffs start hurting Kentucky if
they start hurting Texas right then that
could be a big shot that hurts the
present no matter what he does and how
much they want to appease his voters if
his voters are also being hurt by him
then they're in a weird political
position yeah my guess about that is
that Kudlow and the people understand
how bad these tariffs are in the White
House will pull the president off of it
because it's it's political harm to the
president to I mean the president can't
you know it's it's not good for Mitch
McConnell in Kentucky it's not good for
Donald Trump in Kentucky he runs in all
50 states yeah so so there isn't a place
where the tariffs are good for Donald I
think the news that was made today is
more so Donald saying that he that it is
not true to say that these will never
install Trump I have been any never ever
ever they won't do it but you never know
they never know I mean and when you look
at the the Nixon Republicans but just to
say the Republicans are turned against
Nixon they didn't know they were going
to turn against him two weeks before
they did yeah and that's the kind of
time frame that works in in the Congress
is on the big ones on the big decisions
most of them don't know what their
position is until a week or two before
not the earliest I'm keeping all these
guest
our guests will be here longer and next
up Barack Obama this is interesting
things he may have been ten years too
early to us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
