fing ones and I present Trump is on a
non-stop crusade to discredit the Muller
investigation and today he introduced a
new line of attack tweeting ap has just
reported the Russia hoax investigation
has now cost our government over 17
million and going up fast it's actually
sixteen point seven million but rounding
up is fine that is a big chunk of change
you could do a whole lot with seventeen
million dollars you could buy this nice
private jet still have a few million
left over or this luxury estate in the
Bahamas boat not included or if your
present Trump you could golf like a
handful of times and that's thing to in
sixty Seconds during the 2016 campaign
Donald Trump loved to attack Barack
Obama about his golfing you need
leadership you know you can't fly to
Hawaii to play golf Obama it was
reported today played 250 rounds of golf
Obama went golfing every day Dolph scoff
scoff scoff norm or learning how to chip
learning how to hit the drive learning
at a putt I want more if you become
president and you go to the White House
why would you want to leave the White
House when you're in the White House who
the hell wants to play golf I'm gonna be
in the White House okay now Trump's
hypocrisy on this issue has been well
documented on this show for one as much
as they try to pretend he's working
there have been 56 confirmed golf
outings since he was elected that's
mostly fine but while you're complaining
about the cost of the mall investigation
consider that every time Trump zips down
to Mara Longo for a golf weekend it cost
the federal government an estimated 1
million dollars every time and don't
forget all the incidentals like the
nearly 150,000 dollars the Secret
Service has to pay to rent golf carts
from Trump's clubs that money is going
straight into Trump's pocket which is
offensive to the public trust
also he drives his cart on the greens
which is offensive to the game of golf
it's almost like he didn't mean anything
he said in that campaign my money
fraud and abuse all over the place waste
waste fraud and abuse we will cut so
much your head will spin hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
