too many unexplained contacts between
the president's associates they'll be
Trump people and the Russians they would
be Putin's people was a secret meeting
just before Trump's inauguration back in
January of 17 held in the remote island
nation of the Seychelles look at it way
out there an Indian Ocean anyway it was
there it was there that Erik Prince an
informal Trump advisor met with Crown
Prince Mohammed of the United Arab
Emirates and his advisor Jorge nadir as
what was with a Russian oligarch with
close ties to mr. Putin himself there he
is the reported purpose was quote to
establish a back-channel between the
incoming administration of Donald Trump
and the Kremlin
well now NBC News is reported as special
counsel Robert Moore is scrutinizing
another figure who happened to be
happened to be in the Seychelles about
the same time as that meeting according
to NBC News that figure in New York
hedge fund manager named Rick Gerson is
a close friend of Jared Kushner's this
president's son-in-law most intriguing
harbors that Gerst is also connected to
at least two participants of that
meeting about a Kremlin back channel hmm
quote while in the remote Indian Ocean
island nation Gerson met with Prince
Mohammed also known by his initials as
NB C Z and communicated with George
nadir who had organized that Erik Prince
meeting itself the development adds a
new layer of intrigue I'd say to an
already strange set of circumstances and
as NBC News reports mowers team has
asked witnesses about Gerson's proximity
to that such salesmen Seychelles meeting
as well as another meeting a month
earlier in New York City
a spokesperson for Rickerson told NBC
that mr. Gerson was on vacation in the
Seychelles prior to the meeting you
referenced he knew nothing about the
meeting well however Kurtz declined to
sate with his lawyer to decide to
decline to say where the gerson has been
personally contacted by mower
join me to break this down as Ken
Delaney investigative report for NBC ken
you know it has an aspect of you know
connections to Kevin Bacon you know how
many degrees of separation but it's
always how many people go to the
Seychelles does more believe it's a
coincidence that this buddy of Kushner's
the president's son-in-law happened to
be right near that meeting with
apparently the
Bank China with the Russians was being
set up well you and I both know Chris
that prosecutors don't tend to believe
in coincidences and that's why they are
scrutinizing this very closely because
this is a close friend of Jared Kushner
and well there are some nice beaches in
the Seychelles it's not an obvious place
for an American to go on vacation and be
in text communication with this guy
Jorge nadir who is a very important
figure in setting up this apparent
back-channel well let's talk I'll be
I'll be a little bit skeptical now why
we have meetings that have occurred
beginning in 16 well before the
nomination of Donald Trump when he was
just a candidate there were meetings of
course at the the rent at the Mayflower
Hotel here in Washington the meetings of
the famous one in their infamous one in
June at the Trump Tower there were
meetings at the RNC convention
Republican convention would kiss alike
the Ambassador from Moscow and all these
meetings there was the meetings in the
office the Senate office of Jeff
Sessions all these meetings in public
daylight and then they have to meet in
the seychelles with tertiary partners
representing each other why would they
be so scared to have to meet over there
if they're walking around in daylight of
the United States meeting I think that
is a fair question a good question but
we know that the Seychelles is a place
where this crown prince of Abu Dhabi
liked to do business it's closer to his
home turf and the fact that Eric Prince
of Blackwater Fame was involved and does
a lot of business in the Middle East may
have factored in but the bottom line
here is the reason Muller is interested
in this is because Jorge nadir this
lebanese american businessman is
cooperating with Muller and is telling
him this was a back-channel this was a
way for the Russians to meet with
officials and the Trump administration
or send messages to them about better
relations with Russia don't forget this
is after the election before January
anyway according to NBC's reporting Rick
Gerson has been friends with Kushner for
more than a decade however Gerson first
met George Nader just weeks before his
trip to the Seychelles at another secret
meeting at the Four Seasons Hotel here
in New York in mid-december right after
the election the participants of that
meeting included Gerson Jared Kushner
Jorge nadir and the crown prince of the
UAE along with Trump's national security
adviser Michael Flynn and Trump's
political advisors Steve Bennett so what
everybody's watching there aren't the
experts and nobody is like you can do
you let me just ask you about as we move
towards a declaration
of guilt traps I expect to have one from
Robert mower we know it's gonna deal
with obstruction and First Instance is
he still building a heavy body of
evidence regarding collusion with the
Russians it sure looks the same time
because subpoenas are going out you know
even as a few weeks ago on the Roger
stone aspect of potential collusion and
now we know that he's looking at this I
mean what we don't know what evidence
he's already gathered particularly what
goes to for example what Donald Trump
the the candidate knew about that Trump
Tower meeting that his son set up but he
is clearly still investigating that the
question is what does he have I've
called him the iceberg because since we
were kids we know that they I spray
including the one that sunk the Titanic
you don't really see it you only see
about 10% is that the way that's why I
look at Bob flowers operation yeah you
know it's like I knows less about it as
time goes on I mean just the idea that
Jared Kushner got a security clearance
some people believe that means he's in
the clear he's not in criminal jeopardy
other people say that's absolutely not
gonna tell you there's never been any
look the person who looks more like not
even God Himself can sink me than Donald
Trump
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
