so let's get a lot more in the storm now
we're going to you Michelle dress room
to find out what's the very latest on it
yeah hi there guys well yeah the
destruction is not over we're still
looking at a pretty active day in parts
of Georgia also the Carolinas and we are
looking at a tropical storm status so
keep in mind this came on shore
yesterday around 12:30 1:00 12:30
Central time 1:30 Eastern Time and we
are still keeping the status of 60 miles
per hour so as we go throughout time
here we're gonna see it moving very fast
that's a good news it really picked up
speed it's not gonna be like Florence
that's gonna sit and spin and drop all
this rain it's going to move very
quickly but in the meantime it's going
to bring some very heavy rain and it's
also going to bring some of the chance
of tornadoes now we want to go to Matt
Bradley he's live in Tallahassee Matt
how are the conditions there this
morning
well Michelle as you can see this is
gonna kind of damage that's been typical
here in Florida State Capitol these
trees are actually the pride and joy of
Tallahassee I don't know if you knew
this but trees are kind of Tallahassee's
thing they are covered with about 50% of
the city by tree cover and so that was
the main damage that we saw here were
these felled trees and branches and the
big problem of course then is that you
were destroying property destroying cars
houses and most importantly electrical
lines so we saw about nearly 80,000
residents of Tallahassee without power
and if you look at this you know tree
like this this is a parking lot this
could have crushed some poor guys car
but a lot of Floridians especially a lot
of residents of Tallahassee they very
sensibly decided to evacuate and that's
why this town was a ghost town yesterday
and it still is today we were driving
around and a lot of it seems almost
completely uninhabited there's a lot of
power outages we were hearing some of
the power breakers breaking yesterday
and so this is kind of typical the
damage we've been seeing even though
Tallahassee did feel as though it was
spared the worst Michelle that's true
Matt and I have heard about the trees
being that beautiful landscape there is
their concern this morning once the Sun
does rise to see destructive damage that
we didn't really see yet I know it
happened in the afternoon but we were
kind of hunkered down then the Sun set
are we worried about this morning us are
concerned among the residents there
well we haven't really gotten out and
talked to a lot of the residents yet
it's very early in the morning what
we've been hearing from local media is
that people here in Tallahassee are
grateful they feel as though this
historic storm and we're really talking
about historic I mean a storm of this
magnitude has never really hit the
Florida Panhandle in recorded history so
that that that level of threat given the
amount of damage that we're seeing this
morning that we're hearing about there
could still be more that's reported but
right now everybody here feels as though
they've been blessed with with a lack of
damage and a lack of destruction
Michelle yeah we do love hearing that
Mexico Beach not so lucky
Matt Bradley thanks so much we'll check
in with you a little bit later this
morning but I do want to give you the
latest on this we mentioned 60
mile-per-hour winds that's a pretty
strong tropical storm now as we go
throughout time by 8 o'clock still a
tropical storm 40 that's right at the
edge of a 39 that's where you do
classify as a tropical storm it's going
to move into the Carolinas then
eventually into parts of Virginia just
the southern parts of Virginia so this
is what we're going to watch over the
next several days will be the big story
for today in terms of the rainfall we
could see anywhere from 3 to 6 inches up
to 8 inches and that could be a problem
especially in the Carolinas where they
had they're still recovering from
Florence the ground is so wet the rivers
are still so saturated we could see some
trees coming down and additional power
outages as we go throughout the day
right now about 650 thousand 50,000
customers without power so here are the
alerts we do have a tropical storm watch
through the Carolinas this is something
we're going to watch throughout the day
impacts extreme winds that's probably
gonna be the biggest threat the rain not
so much it's moving pretty quickly at 20
miles per hour but we could see
damaging winds again bringing those
power lines down and we could be a
couple days without power seeing winds
near 39 even up to 48 miles per hour in
some spots we'll talk more about this
we'll talk more about the unprecedented
storm yes
the Panhandle seen nothing like this in
history it's really been such a one-two
punch thank you so much for that
Michelle hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
