what do you think about that where I
mean if the Republicans are napping
what's gonna shake them away
what's gonna be the thing that shakes
them awake yeah well I like to fright
the that phrase conscientious crisis or
crisis of conscience I think there's a
lot of people who are setting aside a
lot of values they've advanced for a
very long time for the sake of attaching
themselves at least for now
to the Trump administration the question
is you know what does it take to kind of
change the dynamic I tell you what it
takes really and truly it takes election
results one of the things that really
has costed an awful lot of people who
sort of held their nose and voted for
Trump to now be enthusiastically behind
him is they never expected that he would
win and 1:21 it delighted them it shook
up their expectations and these things
happen in cycles will the Republican
Party love Trump as much if there's a
midterm disaster I doubt it if there's
midterm success then this would be much
more of a Trump party there's an awful
lot of people in Washington people I've
talked to who are kind of hanging back
right now what they're doing is they
don't love Trump they don't know what
the future holds they don't know what to
think and that's not exactly a Profile
in Courage but it's also not rapping
both of their arms around Trump there's
a lot up and shrunk ran on being an anti
politician he ran on politicians lying
not being truthful not really being who
they are and doesn't his ascension and
and all the things that he's done in
this White House lied repeatedly broken
norms doesn't that really pull off the
masks for Republican politicians more
than anyone else to say that they really
only care about getting reelected and
keeping their seats as opposed to what
they actually signed on for which was
protecting the Constitution and doing
you know what is rights being being
putting they're putting country over
politics well you only know you have
values when holding those values has a
cost for a long time it was easy to say
that you believed in those things and
get elected as a Republican and to say
that you believed them then when Donald
Trump comes along and you say well
character matters and a politician lying
matters even if the economy is good and
then that has a cost and people go
silent then I doubt that they ever
truly had that value in the first place
a lot of values are being tested here's
where the Republicans have not gone
silent suddenly a lot of them woke up
for their will use banners word their
nap when it comes to tariffs and trade
Kevin Brady Texas Republican these
tariffs are hitting the wrong target Ben
Sasse Nebraska this is dumb
Lamar Alexander Tennessee senator these
tariffs will raise prices and destroy
manufacturing jobs Speaker Paul Ryan I
disagree with this decision Senator Mike
Lee I'll be co-sponsoring a bill I'm
sorry this is Pat Toomey saying is gonna
be co-sponsoring Senator Mike Lee's bill
to rein in the executive branch's power
to impose unilateral taxes tax increases
like these why is this the issue that
woke Republicans up well this has always
been the disagreement right that that
traditional Republicans have had with
the president dating back to the actual
campaign trade was something that the
president will look at the people who
were making those statements it's about
their jobs this is where they get to say
I'm gonna stand up because my
constituents that will vote for me
somewhere down this is what they care so
it is the question is what kind of
impact is that actually going to have
it's not going to have anything why is
that they've already voiced these
concerns and the president goes ahead
with it anyway and again what is the
political consequence their votes their
vote if they hold it against the
president when he's trying to get
something passed that's what they that's
their only chip well they're they're
trying to protect the economy they
believe that protectionism hurts the
economy I think they're right about that
by the way and but that is an indirect
way of saying I want to get reelected
because if the economy goes south over
the summer you know their constituents
are not going to be happy and it would
be worse for the Republican Party what's
interesting is that they chose to take
an issue like trade which is really not
a matter of deep constitutional
consequence and speak out on that rather
than on these assaults on our system
assaults on integrity assaults on the
truth that's why they are deserving
to be called banana Republicans they're
acting like they're living in a banana
republic not in a republic like we have
in the United States hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV Bailey and MSNBC you
get more meet the press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
