the White House the president are
pointing to a double standard
referencing of course the Roseanne Barr
racist tweet that ended up getting her
show canceled after a ton of outrage
about that would he make it that
argument well let's put it this way do
you think Roseanne would have gotten
fired if she had called Valerie Jarrett
what may have to be called a vodka I
don't think so
I don't think she would have been I
think we would have just brushed it off
as like Roseanne using vulgar language
which she's done a lot and the president
himself by the way reportedly has called
someone the c-word Sally Yates as a
matter of fact that was in fire and fury
my personal position on this is that if
I had been at the bees position I don't
think I would have used that word
because I think the real insult in the
passage is that is feckless and I think
the real obscenity is of course the
immigration policy that she was
commenting on to use any almost any
other word in place of the c-word would
have made the point that she wanted to
make I also will point out as other
women have pointed out that the fact
that we consider the c-word to be one of
the grossest things you can call
somebody says a lot about what our
society thinks of women and also to
point out the president of course is
perfectly comfortable using this kind of
language and not just talking about
women's private parts but actually
assaulting them so I mean I think
there's a lot more vulgarity and a lot
more obscenity happening in the Oval
Office and there is on late-night
television that said Samantha bee did
herself no favors by using the word I
want to play for the president courses
denied allegations of sexual impropriety
of sexual assault but I want to play for
you what Kelly machination she speaks
for the RNC she speaks for the
Republican National Committee and and
she was out this morning and it was an
interesting comment that I want to get
your reaction to here's what she said
it's an evident hypocritical double
standard Roseanne Barr loses her job
Samantha bee stays and thrives also want
to quickly point this out she's not a
feminist and the women who are
celebrating her she is a hateful
provocateur that should not be given a
platitude Sam B not a feminist is that
an argument it seems credible to you
coming from no it's not credible at all
okay I'll just point to the different
standards here one is that the thing
that Roseanne said has the weight of
hundreds of years of the dehumanization
of black people behind it
and the thing rose in that and the thing
Samantha bee said is a word that is only
a bad word because of how society views
women and I will also point out that
Samantha bee talks about women's
reproductive organs all the time usually
in celebration of them and usually
talking about the government system to
control them so I think that she's
definitely a feminist that's that's
crazy to think say that she's not I'm
not a body language expert but if I were
I would say Shawna Thomas has a thing or
two to say about this conversation and I
want to let her jump in yeah you know I
think one of the things is they put a
lot of this stuff aside there's a
cost-benefit analysis for these couple
of companies right TBS and one case ABC
and another
Roseanne Barr went out is someone in her
personal capacity on Twitter and called
Valerie Jarrett compared her to a
gorilla right blatantly racist in her
personal capacity ABC as a large company
is like is is her show and the viewers
and the dollars we get worth the
backlash we are gonna get from so many
people whether that be African American
groups whether that be you know allied
white groups whether that be anyone is
it worth it to keep her on the air and
they said no TBS Samantha bee is show
way less people were watching it but her
audience to a certain extent kind of
likes this and it was done in the
context of her show and as a comedian
and you know what if the backlash is
huge and more companies pull their
products and pull their ads from
Samantha bee show she might be in
trouble too but some of this is a money
decision an ABC wasn't willing to risk
the overall amount of money TBS may be
willing to risk it because more people
might start watching Samantha bee which
I know sounds crazy but they might so
can I also ask you guys about it yeah
it's real quick Anna go ahead oh I was
gonna say that that also Roseanne Barr
what it wasn't just one tweet it was in
a history like awful things that she
said in crazy behaviors she's had so
this was like kind of a final straw for
ABC whereas Samantha bee is for the most
part I think been kind of a jewel of the
network I mean she has a great show
she's done some really serious reporting
on Puerto Rico for example so this is
just like a blip on the radar for
Samantha P whereas Roseanne Barr had a
whole resume of hate to like is the
rumor
is there also a different double
standard here perhaps on the part of
President Trump who is demanding now
apologies for all of this and this is a
person just to point out who has not
apologized very sort of notably and let
me get Eugene in on this too very
notably has not apologized for the 459
people places and things that he has
insulted on Twitter during his time in
the public sphere how does that play
into this it you they talk about a
double standard in the White House but
it's one that they themselves are
implementing I mean he has called
American football player Sansa Kelley
Sadler supposed to apologize to John
McCain that certainly didn't happen and
when Ted Newton caught Hillary Clinton
the C word and the B word and the W word
in one sentence he was invited to the
white that is a lot of letters thank you
for checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
