so we've got breaking news with the
release of the monthly jobs report
CNBC's Dominic Chu has the numbers for
us and MSNBC Stephanie ruhle is here
with a trump tweet about that number two
hours before it became official but Dom
let's start with you pretty good numbers
we always heard through the Obama
administration you want to be around
200,000 you need to stay around 200,000
we haven't seen that all the time in the
Trump administration but today a good
day for job seekers correct and so the
reason well let's get that headline
number first it's plus two hundred and
twenty three thousand jobs so that comes
in handily better than expectations from
economists unemployment stays steady at
three point eight percent which is the
lowest since we've seen since April of
2008 a lot of attention we pay to up
side revisions over the last two months
the Labor Department has now revised
upward their count for jobs created by
15,000 that's over the last two months
prior to May wages a big thing for a lot
of employers out there and employees as
well three tenths of a percent better
than last month but 2.7 percent better
than it was year-over-year so yes wages
are growing albeit at a stubbornly slow
rate a couple of other highlights to
throw in there a lot of this was driven
by private sector employment the biggest
gains came in retail where 31,000 jobs
were added health care where around
29,000 jobs were added and then again
construction as well 25,000 the u6
unemployment rate it sounds jargony but
this is what many consider to be the
real rate of unemployment that is
underemployed people as well seven point
six percent lowest since May of 2001
also want to point out that again
President Trump likes to tout this
african-american unemployment at five
point nine percent remains at the lowest
on record since the Labor Department
started keepin track of this this does
bring in total the average gains in
employment for the past three months to
around a hundred and seventy nine
thousand so Joe to your point it is not
yet at that two hundred thousand mark
but the gains continue but that's going
to be a source of huge debate about
whether or not the job growth situation
is slowing at the
stage Joe there's something else to
debate you can rock on it and say these
numbers are great and they are the issue
is that the president told the market
they were great an hour before it was
public the jobs number lock up could not
be taken more seriously in Washington
the president is in a position to move
markets and if president if precedent is
what it normally is the president gets
those numbers last night and he doesn't
say a word because you do not want to
impact markets at the very least he said
that over an hour ago because he wants
all eyes to be on the market so we're
focused on it so we can say great job
the markets great which were doing at
the absolute worst
he tipped off the market and you will
look back on this and see where algos
started to trade as soon as he put that
tweet out and then I'd like to knock on
the door of the SEC and say pardon me
sir did the President of the United
States just move markets cuz if he did
that's a big old problem I wonder if the
SEC also might be looking at some of
Donald Trump's closest friends
billionaires to see their trading
patterns then you know because the
president receives the information down
the night before be very interesting to
see certain investments among Donald
Trump's closest friends in the future
but but I let me ask you about a couple
things first of all have you ever heard
of a president or anyone tipping their
hands about a jobs report up until today
and number two Dom give me the job as
the participation rate it's been at
historically low levels low 60s if you
have any information on that today yeah
absolutely so let's tackle the first one
the first point of yours which is we
don't know about what the trading
developments are with regard to some of
president Trump's perhaps closest
friends and allies what I can say is
this will fall somewhere in the middle
of the spectrum with what Stephanie just
described I went back to the tape so to
speak to take a look at how Futures
Trading evolved at 7:20 a.m. which was
just before President Trump tweeted that
jobs number tweet at 7:21 a.m. Eastern
Time we did see a little bit of pick up
in vol 4 futures trading for S&P
contracts
it did start to accelerate a little bit
in terms of volume by around 7:25 a.m.
Eastern Time however we did not see
prices move significantly during that
time so just to put it in a little bit
of context there is a obviously a very
large conceptual debate about whether or
not the President of the United States
should be out there putting out for
public dissemination
market-moving news ahead of a release
however in this particular instance I
did go back to check the tape and there
was yes a noticeable pickup in volume
but not a noticeable pickup in terms of
price action I will put that out there
to your second point the labor force
participation rate yes is at sixty two
point seven percent it does indicate
that a lot of people out there are
perhaps not looking for work as actively
as they could be that's going to be
something that the Trump administration
has to try to figure out is to try to
get more people back in the work stuff I
want to pick up where Jo Jo we brought
some very interesting thing up we forget
that this guy just the other day well
before I put tariffs out there but you
know I I think Jo it was a fascinating
thing take the ten billionaire's we know
the names I'm not going to mention names
that Trump is close to price a small
flake on give me a job and we could name
the more you come from this world he
would not be beyond the thought for him
to say hey guys the numbers of 223 you
live in this world that is so far for
preposterous and I think Jo really
brings an interesting message to the SEC
it's an interesting message but we don't
know if that's true Nick yes could
Donald Trump be spouting this while he's
on a golf course while he's at
mar-a-lago absolutely we don't have
evidence I think you just think thing to
be look at the trades secretary even
weighs in saying I'm bullish on stocks
but here's the thing the question didn't
eyes point not to take any of the air
out of your conspiracy theory but if
Donald Trump wanted to enrich his
friends he has enough to go on Twitter
to do that he'd call him in midnight no
but that's not John that was not my
point it was not about his Twitter it's
a guy who has
question I would like to respond when
you tell me what I was just saying was
was a conspiracy play this proceed thank
you very much saying is that how much
information on daily basis is he passing
along to his inner circle that is
enriching people by the billions and I
think that can be looked at it
absolutely can be looked at think about
this President Trump and Wilbur Ross
each other on a regular basis Wilbur
Ross was the one who wield his way into
the White House on that Wednesday and
said by the way tomorrow we're having a
bunch of Steel executives here and then
Trump mentions the steel tariffs yes
there is a pattern that we are
uncomfortable with the question is what
is the SEC doing well the question I
have for both of you at least and
Stephanie both to get back to the course
now actually want to ask before Donna
needed to clarify himself is the
question of put aside the question of
whether what Donald Trump might do with
his friends which I agree a totally
relevant question what is the point of
tweeting this in the morning wait what
what do you get from that right if
there's not some some kind of construct
intent what is it he's actually doing by
getting ahead of the market in this way
what objective of his does he serve well
I'm just gonna speak as a staffer in a
normal White House and I remember being
working on speeches and being involved
in the speech writing process for
announcements that would move markets
the announcement of the new SEC chair
we weren't literally sworn to secrecy
it was impressed so strongly upon a
young staffer that nothing could be holy
and at the very least totally bill at
the very limit even if he's not looking
to move markets he's looking to turn the
news to positive news to pay attention
to a Trump win and the jobs number is a
trump win so there's he's going pay
attention to my good morning we agree
but what is the benefit of again I'm not
really trying to get it what the precise
thing is because the job numbers are
going to come out go on Twitter he can
go on Twitter and brag about them later
so why it's more conformer he is setting
the stage to make sure all eyes are on
the jobs number and he doesn't care
about fairness he cares about his
feeling in the moment of self a grand
asian grand izing himself and being
first with some hey guys I would also
point this out to Elise's point really
quickly we just had Austan Goolsbee on
our air just about maybe 10 or
fifteen minutes ago 20 minutes ago and
he was saying what you guys were talking
about I mean obviously he was the chair
of the Council of Economic Advisers
under President Obama he was calling
into question whether or not the
authorities and regulators should also
be looking at this particular instance
as a way of kind of are you tipping your
hand to Wall Street so this is this is
certainly something that's getting a lot
of heat in Wall Street right now should
the president actually be out there
doing this kind of thing when it comes
to market moving data like the jobs
report which is arguably the granddaddy
of all economic reports globally well
Eddie I mean this is just one more
example of Donald Trump being about
instant gratification making everything
about himself breaking all the rules
seeing what he's doing is as he said the
day before its inauguration it's a
reality TV show where I vanquishing all
comers by the end of the day I mean this
is a guy after all
who started the week with a Memorial Day
Memorial Day tweet about himself right
and about his successes and ended it
with the word nice exclamation point
it's just a bizarre Memorial Day tweet
I've accused Donald Trump of being a day
trader he's not a day trader he is a he
is a minute-by-minute writer
well that that seems to me to be true Jo
I mean in fact it doesn't seem to me to
be true it actually is true one wonders
does his narcissism have any limit any
bounds it doesn't seem to be the case
and then one asset has to ask yourself
the question can we survive this there's
kind of this daily attack on basic norms
basic norms that guide how this
democracy functions and it's not
happening just simply at the at the
presidential level it's happening all
around him and how folks are complicit
with this and this is just the latest
and how he's trying to tip the markets
whatever we however we read it but
there's something going on here so I'm
just sitting here wondering as we
debated the particulars
how will we bounce back from this Joe I
know you have undying faith but I'm just
wondering how do we bounce back from
this experience with Donald Trump yeah
Joe you look at this recent story by
Ileana Johnson and Politico about Donald
Trump being at a fundraiser and
disclosing classified information about
a sensitive operation in Syria and you
wonder will win
I'm sure low-level people are going to
continue to be prosecuted for such
offences but are those in the upper
echelons of power just completely immune
and don't have to follow the law yeah I
got to say to eddies point I do have
faith I have undying faith in the
American people and undying faith in the
American people's ability every two
years to punish extremes at the ballot
box and if you look at recent history
that is exactly what they've been doing
over the past decade and I suspect
that's what they're gonna do this fall
CBC's Dominic Chu thank you so much and
Stephanie ruhle we are going to be
handing off coverage to you precisely at
9:00 a.m. or as soon thereafter still to
come
Kate snow is here with a report you'll
only see on NBC she joins the
conversation straight ahead on Morning
Joe thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
