angle former Undersecretary of State for
public diplomacy and public affairs and
MSNBC political analyst and Danny
Russell the former Assistant Secretary
of State for East Asian and Pacific
affairs under President Obama the senior
advisor on Asia as well Rick the rush to
the summit mmm you know that's the
president speed and embracing it when he
barely knew the details and when the
South Koreans first came to him now
nervousness and some on the White House
staff that president moon is too eager
and is too aligned with Kim jong-un they
had that rush meeting to get it back on
track over the weekend at the DMZ but
this all the positive signals from the
president we're expecting to hear
momentarily in the next hour so from
secretary Pompeo I'm gonna be rushing
over to that news conference they are
now talking about having kim youngchul
who you know general clapper described
as this terribly aggressive spy chief
when he met with him in 2014
coming to the White House tomorrow well
Andrea as President Obama used to say
about international negotiations we
can't want it more than they do well we
seem to want it more than Kim does maybe
not more than president moon does and
what that does is it gets you into
errors I mean he has always put the cart
before the horse since the beginning the
biggest deliverable of any negotiation
is the President of the United States he
agreed to be there before anything was
ironed out we don't know what they mean
by denuclearization there's been no
understanding of the terms and in fact
what's worried now about salvaging a
meeting is the meeting is the beginning
not the end of things and that's why we
can get in big trouble
and we're looking at live pictures from
a Coast Guard Station in San Antonio the
president is going to be meeting with
the families of survivors of the Santa
Fe's shooting so we will of course bring
that to you if he has anything to say we
do expect to hear from in a bit Danny
you've seen this from the inside as well
as Rick has we're hearing first of all
that the top diplomat the acting
assistant secretary for Asia
Susan Thornton may in fact be replaced
or moved elsewhere she's a veteran of 30
years but she's not been on any of the
trips she wasn't with Pompeo today
she was very close to Joseon and
traveled everywhere with him but she's
never been confirmed by the Senate and
people like Marco Rubio are saying she
never will be they thought she was too
soft on China and Korea we don't have an
ambassador yet in Seoul we have a
nominee Harry Harris the Admiral from
Pacific Command highly regarded likely
to be confirmed but it's pretty late to
get confirmed before Congress rushes off
he doesn't have the whole team in place
but he does have a Secretary of State
that he's listening to now that's a big
change
well Andrew we haven't seen a lot of
evidence that the president is actually
listening to advisers let alone at
levels below the cabinet and he doesn't
seem to be hungry for expertise he seems
to be hungry to have a hand-to-hand
engagement with an adversary with kim
jongwan the difference is Rick pointed
out is that the North Korean side has
been preparing for this moment and
seeking meeting with the President of
the United States for generations the US
side seems
unprepared life is full of surprises
when you make impulsive decisions and
putting the cart before the horse is the
right metaphor I'm just not seeing the
horse well there seem to be a shift
though from the president because
starting last week he started saying
well it may take a while to get this all
accomplished first he was saying we want
denuclearization upfront before we make
any concessions all or nothing now he
today is saying for the first time it
may require two or three meetings he has
a tremendous amount of confidence in
personal diplomacy and there's something
to be said for that
we saw how Ronald Reagan connected with
Gorbachev and a lot of other things
flowed from that but there was a lot of
preparation and expertise surrounding it
but how hard is it to find out what
they've got what is hidden plutonium
program that might be more dangerous
than uranium where are their warheads
you know how do you verify it this is so
much more complicated than people are
letting on and the best experts say it
could take 15 years to get it all yes I
mean that was the reference to the
Stanford professor who is the head of
the Los Alamos
who basically said to even dismantle one
uranium enrichment plant takes 10 to 15
years and they have hundreds of them so
I think there's a the expectations are
too high the timeframe is too short and
to go back to the beginning part of your
question is Trump sees it as a
television show
he's already scheduled in the sequel and
that and the show after that but but the
point is is the the hard work comes
before the meeting not during the
meeting and Danny do you think that they
can hold a summit even if it is a photo
opportunity Plus satisfied president
moon of South Korea who's got so much
invested in this without really scaring
Prime Minister Robi and Japan is very
nervous about it China has got a lot at
stake Lavrov met with Kim Jong on today
so the Russians are certainly worried
about it the Russians were in Pyongyang
only today we've got a whole region to
worry about well both leaders in North
Korea in the United States clearly want
to have this meeting and I think that
means it will happen they're also going
to declare it a success but each of the
other surrounding countries are gonna
have to analyze what this means for
their own national interests now Japan
has been badly disadvantaged as an ally
from the impulsive decision to hold a
direct summit without any diplomatic
process the best that the US could hope
to get out of a summit without
preparation with North Korea are
promises and promises in the case of
North Korea have proven to be empty
China has already shifted gears
radically to protect its interests and
welcomed Kim jong-un like a returning
hero to different times now we have
foreign minister Lavrov of Russia in
Moscow trying to ensure that Russia
isn't sidelined so what we've done is to
move Kim jong-un from being a pariah to
mr. popularity and people are beating
down the door trying to cozy up to him
when in fact what we should be doing is
applying pressure you leave it there
this is a fascinating story thank you
Danny Russel thank you Rick Stengel for
your expertise hey there are Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC
on youtube if you want to keep up to
date with the videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
