day 497 of the Trump administration and
the president is making waves with
another controversial pardon as he
considers even more clemency for former
members of The Apprentice family Martha
Stewart who's done time and former
Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich who's
still doing time earlier today President
Trump pardoned conservative author and
filmmaker Dinesh D'Souza who pleaded
guilty back in 2014 to making illegal
campaign contributions at the time
D'Souza argued he was being politically
targeted because of his opposition to
President Obama the White House released
a statement that read in part quote mr.
D'Souza was in the president's opinion a
victim of selective prosecution for
violations of campaign finance laws
former US Attorney for the Southern
District of New York Preet Bharara who
oversaw de Souza's case wrote this on
Twitter today quote the president has
the right to pardon but the facts are
these D'Souza intentionally broke the
law voluntarily pled guilty apologized
for his conduct and the judge found no
unfairness the career prosecutors and
agents did their job period D'Souza
wrote back on Twitter quote Barrera and
his goons bludgeoned me into the plea by
threatening to add a second redundant
charge carrying a prison term of five
years President Trump also flew to Texas
today to meet with families affected by
this month school shooting in Santa Fe
and during the flight the president
returned to the subject of pardons he
told reporters on board Air Force One
that he's considering clemency for
Martha Stewart and rod Blagojevich
Martha Stewart was convicted in for on
charges related to insider stock trading
including conspiracy lying to
investigators and former Democratic
governor Rod Blagojevich is serving a
14-year prison sentence on corruption
charges including trying to sell
President Obama's Senate seat once
vacated Jill Colvin of The Associated
Press writes tonight quote in the Trump
administration the odds of a pardon have
heavily favored those with a celebrity
backer those who have become a cause
celeb among conservatives and those with
a reality TV connection Trump has been
particularly drawn to case
is where he believes there was a
political motivation to the
prosecution's the situation that may
remind him of his own predicament at the
center of Special Counsel Robert
Muller's investigation into Russian
election meddling both Blagojevich and
Stewart have ties to Trump's reality TV
days of course Rob Blagojevich was
famously a contestant on Celebrity
Apprentice back in 2010 you had the
project manager right I know and
governor I have great respect for you I
have great respect for your tenacity for
the fact that you just don't give up but
rod give fire thank you thank you thank
you very much
who could forget that and in oh five
Martha Stewart hosted an apprentice as
Prentiss spin-off series it was the same
year the president and his wife Melania
made an appearance on Martha Stewart's
show and I'm here with Donald and
Melania Trump and we're going to make a
scrumptious meatloaf sandwich which is
Donald's favorite sandwich according to
Melania it's very good aside from
pardons it was another whirlwind day of
fast breaking news from the president
with no particular focus the president
wrote on Twitter today and this is
important that he never fired James
Comey because of Russia
when I decided to just do it I said to
myself I said you know this Russia thing
with Trump and Russia is a made-up story
the president had a big day today went
back on the attack against ABC over
Roseanne and prior to departing for
Texas and his meeting with loved ones
from the latest mass school shooting
there he said we're gonna have some fun
today on the diplomacy front the
president also broke some important news
on North Korea in an exclusive interview
he told Reuters reporter Steve Holland
on board Air Force One that a nuclear
deal may take more than one meeting with
Kim jong-un
and Axios is reporting tonight the
president Trump pressured Attorney
General Jeff Sessions to reclaim control
of the Russia investigation on at least
four separate occasions well with all of
that let's bring in our leadoff panel
for a Thursday night we welcome to this
broadcast the aforementioned steve
holland the veteran White House
correspondent for Reuters Sam Stein
returns with US politics editor for The
Daily Beast the aforementioned Joel
Colvin White House reporter for The
Associated Press and Michael Steele
pretty much a veteran of everything
including former chairman of the
Republican National Committee welcome to
you all
Sam I'd like to begin with you based on
the strength of your journalism and
headline today the headline on your
latest piece reads the formula for a
trump pardon reward celebrity and punish
thy enemies Sam what on earth could you
mean by something like that well we were
trying to divine what the formula was
because this is definitely in an
Orthodox presidential pardon pattern
that we're seeing here in the past I
think it's important to note these
processes took a lot a lot of time to
actually put into effect of Barack Obama
it took many many months if not years to
get his process for pardons going in
part because it goes to the Department
of Justice to the White House counsel's
office and then to the president's desk
with Donald Trump it's been entirely
different if anything it's been
impulsive he finds a cause that he likes
and jumps on it with a part and so we
saw that with Jack Johnson the boxer but
by and large what we see are people who
are quasi celebrities in his sort of
weird universe of you know politics
entertainment reality TV and so today
was just a whirlwind the dinesh d'souza
pardon came out of nowhere but it is
something that was put on his radar by
Ted Cruz something that conservative
activists have boom owned it's something
that he himself has talked him privately
with aides comparing it to Rosie
O'Donnell dan donation is that she made
there over the legal limit totally
different thing but still it's something
compared to and then the stuff with
Martha Stewart and Rob Blagojevich all
tied into The Apprentice so it was a
whirlwind a was a little bit crazy and
trying to make
there's only two threads one was that
his enemies get punished and his
celebrities get the benefit and Jill
even staying in your lane as a
straight-up
day-to-day deadlines journalist you kind
of put it into categories today noting
that this lacks the usual rigor the
usual process we've seen in pardons and
acts of clemency yes Sam was saying the
way that this is supposed to work at the
way it's traditionally worked in other
white houses is that there's actually an
office within the Department of Justice
and attorney there who's supposed to
handle pardons there it often takes
years to vet these cases it supposed to
go first through that office then it
heads off to a Deputy Attorney General
who's supposed to then refer cases to
the president now there are hundreds and
thousands of these cases that are
brought to the Justice Department and
they're supposed to be a very thorough
process of looking at who deserves
clemency the Obama administration for
instance made a priority of trying to
give pardons or at least a grant reduced
sentences to low-level drug offenders
who'd committed nonviolent crimes the
president has obviously gone about this
entirely differently maybe not just the
announcement today on Twitter about
D'Souza but yesterday it was just
yesterday that Kim Kardashian the
reality TV star was at the White House
not just visiting Jared Kushner but also
in the Oval Office posing with the
president to talk about another case
involving a woman sheep stumbled upon
this woman's story on Twitter and was
there asking the president to reduce her
symptoms this is really a very strange
way going about things where the
president will you know his first pardon
was for Joe Arpaio that was somebody who
was a big campaign supporter who
appeared with Trump at his rally as the
president didn't even wait for our
peyote to be sentenced before deciding
to issue that pardon so it's just a
whole different ballgame or as we call
it Jill just an average week in the life
of this presidency which brings me to my
old friend Steve Holland Steve will talk
about your conversation with the
President on North Korea specifically
later in the broadcast but I'm looking
at the whirlwind day you had especially
having made this flight out and back to
Texas with him you had subject areas
Comey North Korea pardons trade war to
use the president's own tweet these
shooting victims that were in the
background can you describe his state of
mind
bored that airplane enroute to this day
well he Brian he's in a very good mood
he feels like things are going very well
with North Korea the US economy is doing
well we went into this trip thinking it
was going to be a nothing burger because
it was just a couple of closed
fundraisers in Houston in Dallas but
little did we know that we were going to
get so much news out of the president we
were surprised that he brought up rod
Blagojevich and Martha Stewart as
possible possibly getting pardons but he
is in a very good mood he's you can tell
he's upset with Jeff Sessions about the
the whole Russia collusion investigation
but he is moving on and he he feels like
he will eventually get out of that when
we don't know but he did have an
emotional meeting in Houston with the
families and those impacted by the
shooting at Santa Fe High School he told
us he was deeply moved by that now
whether that will lead to any action to
change the situation that was left
unclear but he did have a very lengthy
meeting with these people Michael Steele
you used to run this party mm-hmm we
sorry did
sorry for that vivid reminder we just
talked about Kim Kardashian in the Oval
Office yesterday after the members of
The Apprentice family are in the news
today a dandy recipe there for a
meatloaf sandwich does any of this look
familiar to you is this just as I said
to Jill an average life president hours
life for Trump it's you know this is
playing out just as we drew it up back
in 2010 yeah we we forecast you knew it
we knew it but this is this is the deal
this is a reality TV presidency and
everything is an episode every day is an
episode and events big events become
part of the series so he's already set
up a future series when he talked about
you know that there may be more
meetings with kim jeong-hoon down the
road so you know you're building up to
june 12th which is a big day and then
there's going to be you know series you
know after that and that's how he does
it and and i think you know as he was
just saying about didn't expect this to
happen how can you because for him it's
a spontaneous moment he probably thought
about these pardons on the flight from
Washington to Texas he may have thought
about them five minutes before he got
off the plane no one knows not even his
own staff how this plays out the
administration is enlarged in large
measure in a reactive mode the press
absolutely is in a reactive mode and the
American people by and large find
themselves sort of waiting waiting for
the next thing to drop hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
