Michael a final word the the pardon of
dinesh d'souza specifically what does
that say to you about Donald Trump about
this process I think it says that he
recognizes you know again this was
brought to him by Ted Cruz and and I
think this is a homage to the base is
sort of an olive not in the olive branch
but here here's one more piece for you
you know I'm out here fighting for you
he was wrongly convicted he was he was a
victim an important word here a victim
of the Obama Justice Department the
Obama FBI and even though he did plead
guilty you know if I didn't do something
I'm not gonna plead guilty I don't care
what the FBI says to me but that's but
that's the reality that he's playing
into right now and I can't help but
think in listening to this conversation
unfold particularly the last point that
all of these roads all these pieces lead
to one point and that is the moment that
Donald Trump pardons himself Wow
I know a place to end a conversation on
when I hear one with that to Steve
Holland to Sam Stein to joel Colvin to
Michael Steele our thanks for rob a
thought-provoking initial conversation
for tonight's broadcast
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
