I want to talk to you about what's
happened with the Republican Party there
is no Republican Party there's a Trump
party the Republican Party is kind of
taking a nap somewhere those former
Republican House Speaker John Boehner
today enjoying a Bloody Mary and some
good conversation with Devin skillion a
broadcaster in Detroit in the Upper
Peninsula region of Michigan we're back
to talk about what we just witnessed
with historian and author Doris Kearns
Goodwin Doris why is it Boehner Gowdy I
made a list flake and corker where we
hear on occasion these flashes of
honesty why is it all people out of the
game or have already bought their
tickets out of Washington second
question is he right where is the
Republican Party residing these two
taking her second question first I think
he's dead right that it is the Trump
party rather than the Republican Party I
mean think about how Trump won the
election he run the election by going
against almost all the Republican
candidates claiming they were
politicians and politicians can't run
the country and what you need is
somebody outside the country outside the
party in a sense and that's what
happened to our parties when they lost
control over who they could choose as
their candidates at conventions remember
those old days are about maybe with some
mediocre presidents but there was
Lincoln there was Teddy Roosevelt there
was Franklin Roosevelt I almost would
rather the old parties choose them
what's happened to the primaries it's
more democratic but people are choosing
based on who does well in a debate who
raises more money who makes a good
comment who is a celebrity if we go into
celebrity politicians from now on and we
don't value who our political leaders
who have given their lives to politics
it used to be an honorable vocation and
I think that's what's happening these
people when they get out they feel free
we can now talk as human beings and say
what we really believe I'm remembering
FDR was handed Truman Truman you know
met the old man once or twice and was
not told about the bomb for instance I
mean they had the choice over who a vice
president would be they had but they
they had an institution and they tried
to produce somebody who would run for
office they could satisfy the various
factions of the party that's what they
wanted consensus and they did that
pretty well I don't know what we're
gonna do about our whole electoral
system but I
it's really in trouble today when we if
we go back again now and we produce
another Trump then the citizens are
responsible that also assumes what you
hear people saying which is leave it to
the Democrats they could still screw up
what people are already predicting will
be a blue wave come the midterms and
then the Democrats have to put up a
presidential candidate what the
Democrats have to do most of all is to
frame the story right now the story is
not simply about Russia not simply about
the corruption it's about what's
happening in every department in the
country right now what's happening at
the EPA what's happening in the Justice
Department fair housing is being undone
in the in the 19th century when you had
the muckraker journalism they made sexy
the stories about the corruption of
Standard Oil and the railroads we should
be hearing about those we should care
about those we should care about what's
going on in Medicare we're so obsessed
right now with an investigation which
will happen no matter what we do we
don't have control of that the Democrats
have control over the narrative but
they're not winning it I'm not sure
what's gonna happen in November it seems
like of course it'll be a blue wave but
it may not be unless they control the
narrative which they are not doing right
now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
