leading off our discussion now Matt
Miller former spokesperson for Attorney
General Eric Holder on MSNBC contributor
david korn washington bureau chief for
mother jones and co-author of the new
best-selling book russian roulette the
inside story of Putin's war on America
and the election of Donald Trump David's
also an MSNBC political analyst and my
Wylie is well as she's a former counsel
to the mayor of New York City and my I
want to start with you on these Michael
Kohn tapes and let's just remember that
also within this tape we didn't play
this part he insists that it is legally
impossible to rape your wife and the
reporter Tim Mack who he was talking to
corrected him on that and there's this
long moment of silence where Michael
Cohen apparently is having another
law-school moment where he's discovering
for the first time that no you can
legally rape your wife to treat your
wife in such a way that constitutes rape
but but this Michael Cohen this is the
Michael Cohen who is go we're gonna
learn a lot more about in this
proceeding in the Southern District of
New York this is the Michael Cohen that
Michael avenatti the attorney for stormy
Daniels Stephanie Clifford calls a thug
and calls his tactic tactics thuggish
this is the first confirmation we have
seen from actual tapes that yes he in
fact is extremely thuggish he's
threatening he's not just having a legal
argument to your point lawyers he's he's
not just saying look here is the
possibility of a defamation suit against
you because here's where I think you do
not have facts that support that's not
what he's not having a lawyer Lee
conversation he's he is literally
threatening he is extremely aggressive
and abusive and remember that we have
also been told we don't know yet have it
confirm but we've also been told by
Michael avenatti that he knows Donald
Trump is on at least one of those
conversations about what we don't know
it'll be very interesting to see what
the exchange and what the kind of
communication is like if that ever comes
to light and david korn to tim max the
credit he has completely calmed
throughout this none of the threats that
Michael Cohen issues work in any way and
the early beast then goes
head and not only does the article but
they include in the article all of what
Michael Cohen had to say including using
that repeatedly using the phrase rape
with Donald Trump because in his
statements he's constantly saying you
can't use the word rape with Donald
Trump and so in the article the word
rape with Donald Trump appears most
frequently from the mouth of Michael
Cohen because he's so horrifically bad
at what he does well that's the point
you know the headline here is you know
what Michael cone did in the news
business we have the deck which is sort
of the secondary headline and that deck
should be Michael cone is a really bad
fixer he kind of had one job and he's
totally screwed it up he you know I
think he thinks that he's better at this
than he is that if he adopts the persona
of what he thinks a fixer should be and
do that's good enough but you know it
he's no Roy Cohn who was the mentor for
Donald Trump years earlier who was a
fixer who was a thug who represented the
mob but you know he was able to keep
things quiet and do things I think
Michael comb believes that bluster is
ninety percent of the game and it really
isn't you gotta know the law you gotta
know how to deal with people
individually he totally blew it with Tim
Mac he's blown the stormy Daniels case I
mean he's the opposite of a fixer
whatever that might yeah he's obviously
a weak small minded man of no real power
whatsoever who's watched way too many
Sopranos episodes but cannot write like
David Chase nor I want to move to the
Jeff Sessions issue this this notion of
the president switching from discussions
in his first year as president about
trying to fire Jeff Sessions two then
moving on to okay let's get him to
reverse his recusal and the president
spending the better part of a year
trying to do that yeah what you see in
those conversations with Jeff Sessions
are the epitome of Donald Trump's
approach to federal law enforcement and
that is he expects federal law
enforcement to exist to go after his
political opponents you see him asking
sessions to prosecute Hillary Clinton
and to back off investigations into
himself
it's an
a damning piece of evidence because
sessions had must have told him at some
point or must have told him through
staff that the recusal was not a
discretionary act on sessions part this
wasn't some close call where he recused
himself for the voidance of conflict or
just because if someone might question
him after the fact
it's literally written in the Department
of Justice regulations if you worked on
a campaign you cannot subsequently serve
in an investigative capacity into that
campaign which is exactly the session
the the the the position sessions found
himself in so when Donald Trump is
coming in asking him to withdraw his
reclusive he is basically asking him to
violate DOJ regulations and for what
purpose there can be no other purpose
that for him to want sessions to be
recused but to shut down the
investigation otherwise you shouldn't
care who's conducting the investigation
because you're not worried about where
it's going to go and maia so now the
firing of James Comey which the
president today tried to rewrite as
having nothing to do with Russia the the
firing or James Comey and the harassment
or whatever you want to call it ongoing
of Jeff Sessions has become part of the
obstruction of justice investigation of
the president absolutely it part of what
the Justice Department has to
investigate in this case is whether
Donald Trump has what's called corrupt
intent right whether he intended to
actually interfere in order to protect
himself that would be corrupt intent he
has actually been fairly explicit as
these reports are coming out in trying
to protect himself that if one of those
sources reported reportedly saying that
he said this would you would be a hero
to the Republican Party if you reverse
this recusal I mean he's clearly
indicating that what he is looking for
it's about as subtle as a volcano in
Hawaii right what he's really looking
for is protect me protect to the
Republican Party in this investigation
in fact deflect it back to Hillary
Clinton emails which has already been an
investigation that's said and done and I
think that's really really clear in fact
even before some of these statements
there was a pretty strong case at least
just in the court of public opinion that
there was some pretty intentional
efforts by the president to make this go
his way david korn I know you've studied
the war
if we could call it that of dinesh
d'souza and the president began his day
by announcing that he intends to pardon
him and called him on the phone last
night and had spent a few minutes on the
phone with him telling him that he's
gonna pardon him and it does look like
the president is trying to get this
country very accustomed to I don't know
maybe a pardon a day well what it seems
he's trying to get the country
accustomed to is the political use of
pardons you know his major pardons have
been scooter libby sheriff joe arpaio
and now dinesh d'souza these are all
martyrs of the right heroes to the right
who all made the case they've been
politically persecuted in their
prosecution's by the federal government
so as Trump and his minions you know
accused a deep state of trying to
politicize the Russian investigation
basically undermine federal law
enforcement he's now pardoning people
that he is defining as victims of
federal law enforcement to further D
legitimize the notion of federal
prosecutions so yeah he may be sending a
message to Michael Kohn and Roger stone
and Michael Flynn and everybody else
I'll take care of you but at the same
time he's also discrediting this
institution of his own government and
Matt Miller he's bypassing the pardon
office in the Justice Department
completely yeah which is supposed to
weigh pardons and weigh pardon
applications and make recommendations to
the president look this is a complete
perversion of the pardon process bought
by President Trump pardons are supposed
to exist to correct and justices or to
show mercy to people who have you know
maybe committed made a mistake and
committed a crime but have shown remorse
or you know want to get their life back
together that's not true for any of
these pardons that the president has
issued it's kind of the same you know
what I said about the way he views
federal law enforcement he views
pardoned the pardon power the same way
as he does every other aspect of law
enforcement and that is a way to punish
his for his critics in this case the
prosecutors who brought these cases
people like you know Preet Bharara who
brought the case against Nestor Souza
Pat Fitzgerald who brought the case
against scooter libby who is a close
friend and now the lawyer for james
comey enter reward out allies and and
you know people who are supportive of
him
you know it's very hard to justify any
of these pardons on their own and then
when you lay over the top of that the
message he's sending and it's a very
clear message he's sending to people
involved in the Russian investigation
that is I am ready and willing to use
this power to my benefit if you look at
the Washington Post tonight to have a
quote from Roger stone one of the
subjects may be a target of this
investigation who makes loud and clear
makes it makes it clear to the post that
he got that message loud and clear that
the president is willing to use his
pardon power in in these cases and
potentially in the Russia investigation
and maia he talked about the possibility
today of pardoning Martha Stewart where
it seems like he's trying to in a
certain sense turn this into a reality
show a game show the pardon power well I
think it's a couple of things I think
you're right I think it's also that
Martha Stewart was prosecuted by James
Comey and in the Southern District of
New York where Michael Cohen is now
under investigation so I think there's
also a clear wink wink nod nod there as
well as a bit of a punishment to call me
who is you remember when he came out
with his book actually talked about
making the principled decision to
prosecute a wealthy person if he was
going to prosecute a black pastor for a
low-level crime he couldn't pass over
prosecuting a Martha Stewart for a
white-collar crime and remember Barack
Obama actually has one of the highest
numbers of clemency decisions of any
president other than Gerald Ford who did
Vietnam War draft evaders but but
because it was the principle of people
who were low-level offenders who'd spent
a long long long time in jail who were
not able to take care of their families
almost 2,000 people in total that he
pardoned but very much around a societal
issue Donald Trump said he was going to
clean up the swamp and here he is dinesh
d'souza campaign finance reform pled
guilty allocute it to it said he was
remorseful and then suddenly now as a
result of the pardon is saying oh I have
restored faith in the American system I
don't
my Wylie gets the last word on this
segment david korn my Wylie thank you
for joining us thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights and
you can get more videos from MSNBC for
free every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
