a backlash is growing tonight against
the Trump administration's inhumane
policy of tearing immigrant families
apart of the border taking away children
as young as one year old from their
parents but the separation sometimes
lasting months with little or no contact
today Senator Dianne Feinstein of
California announced that she will
introduce legislation to stop this
practice across the country people are
organizing rallies and protests tonight
tomorrow one of the people organizing
protests against his practice I shampoo
director of the National Domestic
Workers Alliance also with me legal
learned the deputy director of the
National Immigration Rights Project the
ACLU who was just recently in El Paso I
shouldn't let me start with you tell me
about what you are organizing for
tomorrow so I think the Trump
administration's policy of separating
parents and children is creating a real
moral crisis and choice point for us in
this country the fact that in the span
of 13 days 658 children were separated
from their parents is absolutely
outrageous and I I think every parent
can identify with this experience of
having been in a grocery store and
suddenly your child ducks behind an
aisle and you can't find them and that
feeling of panic imagine what these
parents are experiencing as they're
leaving their home countries escaping
violence to try to bring their children
to safety
the trauma of having to venture into the
unknown to find safety than to arrive at
our border and have your child torn from
your arms babies toddlers and not
knowing when or if you will see your
child ever again and that is what is
happening an average of 66 children are
being taken from their children every
day and I think parents started to
awaken to that this weekend and almost
broke the internet with outrage and what
you're going to see tomorrow at our
national day of action for children is
that thousands of people parents mothers
fathers people of conscience are going
to take to the streets in cities all
over the country there are over a
hundred and thirty events being planned
for the day of action tomorrow and I
think what you're going to see is people
of conscience all over
country demanding an end to this
practice of separating children from
their families and asserting that
families belong together um Lee you were
on the program I believe on Friday night
there has been as a Jim was just saying
this huge a crescendo of attention
you've got members of Congress both
parties saying this is outrageous you've
got Feinstein introducing legislation
what you were just done in El Paso how
things progressed
things are bad you know and I think
that's a resilient community down at the
border where things are bad I was just
meeting with one of our plaintiffs and
she's been eight and a half months and
she still hasn't got her kid back in
every day that's all that's on her mind
I wanted you telling about this yeah
she's from Brazil and she crossed the
border she was fleeing domestic violence
mm-hmm she was she was taken and then
tell me what happened with her yeah so
she was prosecuted for a legal entry a
misdemeanor even though she's an asylum
seeker and so that shouldn't be
happening but let's assume for the
moment that they're gonna prosecute they
put her in jail for a few days she comes
out expecting to get her kid no month
goes by two months it's now eight and a
half months she hasn't got her kid back
so the second course her kid our kid is
in Chicago and she's in she's in Texas
so they took her kid away sent her it
was a 14 year old son that's Sara for
general son by himself away from the
mother to Chicago right and so Secretary
and they haven't returned him exactly
and it's you know closing in on nine
months secretary Neilson keeps saying
well when they're in jail there's no
place for the kid okay but she's been
out of jail eight months now
where is the kid is there is there is
there is there leverage over politicians
on this and do you think absolutely I
mean I think we have a real chance at
creating a moral crisis for this
administration the amount of outrage
that's out there and the latent power
behind it I think we're going to see
some of it tomorrow and this is just the
beginning
there are marches planned for June 14th
already in 57 cities as well as a next
step people are calling their members of
Congress Republicans and Democrats alike
are hearing from their constituents that
this is absolutely outrageous I think
this is going to be an issue in the 2018
elections
and I think a lot of people who are in
you know if their seats are vulnerable
are gonna need to think twice about
whether they want to be associated with
a policy of separating babies from their
parents you know it was striking to me
that the reaction to the this issue
getting more attention was the president
trying to blame it on Democrats mark
meadows like people didn't want to own
the polity no one wants to own the
policy this is what's very interesting
exactly and you know I think the
administration wasn't prepared for this
kind of backlash when we filed the suit
and let everyone know about the
congolese mom coming with her
six-year-old daughter fleeing presenting
herself at a border still being
separated people went berserk and I
don't think the administration was
prepared and the interesting thing is
when they stepped in court they weren't
they would they backed off and said oh
no it's not for deterrence but yet they
had been talking tough about that we
know they're trying to deter by taking
babies away but now all of a sudden I
don't think they were appeared as you
know you know it's not just the
left/right thing this is one that goes
beyond the normal divide on immigration
as you've pointed out yeah and hygienic
people are interested in in I I've
gotten a lot of feedback like you have
gotten feedback on viewers of their show
people that have been reaching out to me
who are just I've gotten emails from
parents who just are just in distress
over conceiving of this if people are
interested in in in going out and and
and sort of exercising their civic duty
where can they go the families belong
together org website has a list of all
of the events that are happening
tomorrow that you can attend families
belong together org all right I jump oh
and legal learn um thank you both work
on this and you have you've got a case
before a federal judge right and you're
asking the government to stop that and
that make happen that any day
potentially I mean hopefully the judge
will rule in our favor but the decision
will come down any day we expect we're
gonna keep looking at that we you and I
just also had a conversation for our
podcast blogs it's happening which is
gonna be out on Tuesday for a further
in-depth look at this issue the
trajectory of enforcement and
immigration in this country particularly
the Trump administration hey there are
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
