is Donald Trump your president pardoning
criminals Trump's not even pretending
this is about due process he's ignoring
the Justice Department's review program
and simply tweeted out today a pardon
plan for a right-wing activist who was
convicted of campaign finance violations
critics say it's a quite obvious message
to Trump aids facing criminal pressure
right now for Michael Cohen who just
lost that battle to try to keep his
papers and tapes away from the feds -
Paul mana Ford and perhaps even - Trump
aides who are already cooperating with
Bob Muller like Michael Flynn indeed
some of the pardons under discussion
right now with this news are for the
exact same things that some Trump aids
are accused of reports that Donald Trump
might grant early release to a
politician currently imprisoned for
charges relating to bribery that's
former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich
also granting a pardon to a famous
former apprentice contestant who's out
of jail but lied to the feds discussions
about a pardon or commutation for Martha
Stewart Trump also stating he will give
out his fifth pardon as president to
this right-wing activist Tanisha Sousa
he made a slashing film attacking Barack
Obama now Obama came out of nowhere
no one really knew him if Obama seems
weirdly sympathetic to Muslim jihadists
after dinner panas tan we now know why
he sees these guys as anti colonial
freedom fighters like his dad the
occupied people pushing out the
occupiers no word on whether that film
itself was criminal now the move is
pretty blatant here but I want to be
clear with you as we report this out
this is supposed to be bleep Donald
Trump of course ran on getting tough on
crime but the White House tonight not
even really offering a detailed policy
explanation for this new pardon are
pointing to the reasons that the DOJ
would see it as consistent with Trump
administration criminal justice policy
no the message here is pretty clearly in
the implication if Trump will pardon
right-wing activists whom he barely
knows and pardon people for crimes
related to bribery and campaign finance
reform and obstruction then imagine what
he's willing to do someday for people he
does know and here are the facts on
Trump's pardons today D'Souza admitted
to a crime to help Republicans Sheriff
Joe Arpaio endorsed Trump and he was in
the middle of a case holding him in
contempt for defying a judge then of
course former Bush White House aide
scooter libby who was convicted of
obstructing a special council
investigation yes a special and council
probe and that's not all Libby and McCoy
ovitch were prosecuted by none other
than Pats Fitzgerald now he's the
prosecutor James Comey chose to lead the
last special counsel investigation into
Whitehouse alleged misconduct and Stuart
guess what she was prosecuted by Comey
himself meet the man who wants to put
Martha Stewart in jail Martha Stewart is
being prosecuted not because of who she
is but because of what she did tonight
we're again seeing this portrait of
Donald Trump has quite detail-oriented
when it comes to legal strategy to
discredit anyone who might check either
his current power or something he may
have in his legal past we also know
Trump delights in getting away with
breaking norms he's prepping the nation
for a soft stance on obstruction
corruption by Stewart McCoy ovitch and
in doing so Trump may be trying to prove
to everyone that we all have to just
accept these kind of pardons probably
doesn't hurt the Trump already knew
these people
so governor what did you think of the
board room I thought it was an
interesting experience hi Donald is
mirtha well I'm having a great time and
you have a really attractive group of
winners this is real life now Trump is
out here showing exactly how far he will
go to there's no other legal way to say
it given the conviction history how far
he will go to coddle criminals at least
the criminals he knows and finds useful
now many people no pardon power when you
look at it legally it is unreviewable
now that's lawyer speak for the fact
that presidents they get to just do it
judges don't oversee or reverse
individual pardons now some people think
that means that you can basically do
anything with a pardon that's not true
and this is more important tonight the
law does not go that far ironically the
legal precedent for this limit comes
from the very case the Trump is
exploring a pardon for the corruption of
governor Rod Gloria vich he was using
the power to appoint a senator in a
vacancy now that power is also legally
unreviewable meaning judges do not
overturn a governor's pick for an
eligible person to become senator but
and it's a big but Liguria vich
committed a separate crime while trying
to make that pick because he tried to
sell that senate seat he was appointing
so legally the appointment was
unreviewable but he still committed a
crime that lands him in jail to this day
and that same legal logic can apply to
pardons tonight if you imagine say a
governor selling pardons or imagine a
governor trying to openly use pardons to
obstruct justice well those can be
separate crimes too I turned out a
former federal prosecutor John Flannery
as well as Lynn sweet Washington bureau
chief for the Chicago sun-times who
knows many of these stories quite well
John let's begin with your view of the
way Donald Trump is doing these pardons
in this discussion of potential future
pardon power clemency acts and number
two the legal point I raised that just
because something's unreviewable doesn't
mean there's no way it can be also used
pursuant to a crime pardon me
I think that the problem here is that
what he's done is I agree with what you
said that he'd like to tenderize other
people to think maybe Trump won't think
of himself because he will be thinking
of himself and he gives me a pardon but
I think he's doing something much more
dramatic which is in a violation of his
oath he is attacking our entire criminal
justice system with the specific crimes
that he himself is involved in I mean
boy ovitch was impeached this president
may be impeached but Blagojevich was
charged with pay-to-play and he was
convicted and he twice went to the
Supreme Court so we have a solid case in
which process was observed and he is
discounting it he is trying to tell
America that there was something wrong
with the system in that case same with
Martha Stewart who lied and D'Souza's
marching band he basically was
committing a campaign finance violation
like our boy in New York Cohen involved
with the the Daniels case so I think
that what we have is an attack on the
entire system of justice from the
Ministry of Truth and I don't think
that's an appropriate use of the the
power to pardon anyone I think it's a
violation of it do you think do you
think that even an unreviewable
Act can still be caught up in a criminal
conspiracy absolutely an overt act which
is not even a crime can be part of a
criminal conspiracy to obstruct it can
be part of a crime to unfairly posture
an entire investigation in a discredited
way because you're attacking the entire
system so much for law and order we
would rather have chaos and disorder
because that's the only way I think he
sees he can get out of this he's in a
corner right let me go to Lynn Lynn go
ahead well I want to just point out some
other facts here I know you're talking
of this and in a mega situation but
let's look at this specifics and why
what he having Rob McClory ovitch
campaign to get some kind of clemency
from President Trump and it's been waged
by his wife and you know just getting
that in front of the president which he
now has been able to do we could talk
about how I think she did
here's something to remind everyone and
you he is not gone unpunished
he has gotten a 14 year sentence a lot
of people myself included think that was
a very heavy sentence for the crimes
committed he spent imprisoned in
Colorado since 2011 well as you know
Lynn those kind of facts only apply to
the governor of Illinois that's not
there are no other Americans for example
hundreds of thousands of black Americans
on nonviolent drug offenses that go on
years and years that the president has
taken an interest in I mean I think it
is true what you say them you're on
tonight because you've covered it
extensively out of Chicago but but
certainly we would be missing the forest
from the trees to think that that's
Donald Trump's concern no no I don't
think that's a concern I'm just pointing
that out since it should be in the mix
of our tea I've are more universal
conversation here and yes and President
Obama focused on the very people you
were talking about and if we need yet
another contrast between President Obama
and Trump
it's how they use the clemency process
here but if we're looking for some
commonality we have as you pointed out
these kind of people who are celebrities
or our names in the news that have come
you know the boxer Jack Johnson also
just got a posthumous clearance from the
president it also goes to his his
impulse I think to deal with big names
and yes of course there's a big
discussion we could have about how you
use a pardon process and if he will use
it to continue the work of what
President Obama did for people who are
serving in these drug cases
let me get Jon briefly going on one
other piece of this which is Jon do you
think that any of this could itself
become a subject to Muller's probe
absolutely I think that the way he's
abusing the system having taken the oath
of office to uphold the Constitution and
then to tear apart the entire system and
judges and orders and indeed the judge
who gave him the Blagojevich the 14 year
sentence he had a second opportunity to
do it when this case was being appealed
twice to the Supreme Court
I have crocodile tears for a person like
this that compromised an entire state
and was so interested in
placing Barack Obama that at one point
he said I'm blacker than Barack Obama
the kind of person that would appeal to
this president dimension you should have
any any compassion at all for that kind
of misconduct by a corrupt official and
as you mentioned much of that was what
came out on tapes tapes seem to figure
into these probes John Flannery sweet
thank you both I turned out in your
Congressman Hakeem Jeffries who's on the
House Judiciary Committee what do you
think of this use of the pardon power
and what should be done about it well I
think that the pardon power first of all
is a old-school throwback to the days of
the constitutional monarchy that we need
to revisit because the unfettered
ability to pardon individuals without
any process any guardrails any
guidelines clearly is subject to abuse
as we're now seeing from Donald Trump
and it appears that there is a pattern
as you laid out re where this pardon
power is being used to send signals to
people who are within the sites of Bob
Muller's criminal probe to perhaps urge
them not to cooperate with the ongoing
criminal investigation into the Trump
campaign with a possibility I knew that
that's the gold or do you think it's a
coincidence that these relate to past
special counsels well I don't think it's
a coincidence that these charges for
instance relate to campaign finance
abuse or abuse of power or obstruction
of justice or lying to the federal
government these are some of the charges
upon which individuals have already pled
guilty or are being prosecuted or
potentially investigated and so I think
it's reasonable for people to at least
be suspicious that that is exactly
what's taking place the other problem
with this pardon ability as you pointed
out is that everyday Americans don't
have access to the presidential review
process since it's just being done by an
individual who's bouncing off the walls
and the Oval Office coming up with the
next great idea it's a part in some
conservative cause celebrity no it would
seem if you take the president's process
as it's been publicly executed you need
to either endorse him in a primary be on
the apprentice or have the kind of
Twitter following that can get you so up
his mentions that he notices because
he's literally doing this by tweet I
mean this is not a joke as
mr. Sousa he spoke about this today here
was was his take I'm very relieved to
have my record clean I mean in a way
this fully restores my you know my faith
in America my American dream
something is hanging over you and you
have the United States of America versus
Dinesh D'Souza and that is now gone I
mean legally the case is over he had
confessed and admitted guilt and taking
the pardon of course only reassert that
right absolutely and you know the
president takes an oath to uphold the
Constitution and faithfully execute the
laws of the United States of America and
yet he is systematically undermining the
rule of law attacking the special
prosecutor attacking the FBI attacking
the Department of Justice
apparently abusing the pardon power that
has been given to him which we in
Congress I believe the Judiciary
Committee should review to figure out
whether some guardrails need to be put
in your party becomes the majority and
the judiciary is a part of an issue
something you would look to constrain
well absolutely it seems to me something
that should be put on the table now as
you know to constrain it would require a
constitutional amendment which would
necessitate significant majorities in
both the House and the Senate a
presidential signature presidential veto
override when I win when I worked on the
hill they had an old saying a
constitutional amendment passing is
about as likely as Donald Trump becoming
president well you know anything is
possible you know absolutely yeah hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
