humph is a known liar but is he getting
even more emboldened my next guest says
yes friend of the beat Tony Schwartz
co-author of the art of the deal he's
explained lying his second nature to
trump he has the ability to convince
himself that whatever he is saying is
true or sort of true or at least ought
to be now that's an important point
today as nuclear peace and economic
policy can hinge on debates over whether
Trump is deceiving us
or sometimes himself a summit Trump's
lies are patently obvious telling them
that you lost the popular vote because
of millions of illegal votes three to
five million illegal votes where is the
evidence of that I said it and I said it
strongly because what's going on with
voter fraud is horrible
we need the wall we've started building
the wall as you know we've signed more
bills and I'm talking about through the
legislature than any president ever but
Trump's not only a blunt instrument he
also builds misleading claims on a
kernel of truth he said he ended
Obamacare a way to puff up his
elimination of the insurance mandate and
he's twisted his own deadline for daca
it has Trust in public truth itself
conveyed the risk of corruption gets
even higher take this week's important
news about Puerto Rico a study finding
that Hurricane Maria led to almost 5,000
deaths a far higher number than the US
government or Donald Trump had ever
conceded and while Trump didn't know the
actual number at the time he did use his
bully pulpit to play down Puerto Rico's
struggle
a real catastrophe like Katrina and you
look at the tremendous hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of people that die
and you look at what happened here with
really a storm that was just totally
over nobody's ever seen anything like
this what is your what is your death
count
sixteen 16 people versus in the
thousands well today we can tell you we
are in the thousands now at the time
that was of course a different type of
statement than lying about the electoral
college but if it feels like a blizzard
of different levels of deceit are hard
to even keep up with our next guest says
that's part of the point Tony Schwartz
is also CEO of the energy project and
best-selling author of the way we're
working isn't working what do you mean
here about the nature of his deceit that
we're at a point where he lies about
everything in fact
lying now is his number one tactic I
believe that he is fully aware that
Muller and perhaps the New York
investigators have got him dead to right
they he he knows that he's not going to
wind his way out of that except by lying
and lying means destroying their
credibility by saying things that aren't
true you think that I mean you've worked
around him as we've noted you think that
what Michael Cohen has could be bad for
Trump you know I was tempted to say I
don't think I know but that maybe is one
that that probably is too strong I have
an overwhelming feeling that there are a
blizzard of crimes that Michael Cohen
was well aware of in fact helped to
engineer and so your working theory of
Donald Trump in that hypothetical say
that the if the feds are right that they
did search for a reason that there is
evidence of crimes that when Trump knows
something like that he is essentially
knowing information and then he does
something between knowing the
information and turning it all around
into these lies but you say that
sometimes involves deceiving himself
well I think that when I was around
Trump he had a kind of sense of humor
about his lives remember I called that I
came up with that phrase truthful
hyperbole I mean it was just you know
he's a real estate guy he thought it was
fun and he knew he was doing a nude wink
as I
early today I think he has gotten so
deeply enmeshed he has nobody around him
anymore who would ever challenge
anything he would say and he feels under
enormous stress so I believe today he
believes what he is saying even when he
says this is a blue and red cop he
believes that it's blue or I mean that
it's red he sees that I'm getting
confusing me that he's a Winker I didn't
I haven't seen him wink I know I don't
think he's more I don't think he's been
winking the last you know I think I may
have said to you another another time
that he used to say to me all the time
Tony can you believe it can you believe
it right which goes to that showmanship
you mentioned that the way it comes out
of real estate where puffing is an
actual term you are allowed to puff
which is to harmlessly inflate things
you are not allowed to defraud that's
actually a difference in the law Barbara
Reza you know worked with him and has
many positive things to say about him
but she says even then he would sell
like it was gold and put in the cheapest
stuff possible take a look instead of
building an average building we're going
to make it the finest building in the
world was the absolute cheapest world
floor you can get it talked about pakka
tree you know marquetry you know that
kind of thing was nonsense it was cheap
tiles are glued down the kitchens were
garbage
garbage and she built some tell it's a
long way from lying about a parquet
floor to lying about the most
consequential issues of our time and
that's what is frightening is that he is
now spending a vast percentage of his
energy even says this a vast percentage
of his energy trying to destroy the
credibility of the people who are
actually just saying facts but he seems
to understand that there's more appeal
to conspiracies than even being pandered
to take a look at the birtherism we're
here on a week where Roseanne compared a
prominent african-american to an ape and
lost her show over here was the
birtherism that he felt was underserved
in the political marketplace I doesn't
he show his birth certificate
I want him to show his party do you
accept that President Obama was born in
the United States President Barack Obama
was born in the United States period
what's happening there
he knew he was lying so that's the shift
that's happened all right is that when
he was doing his birtherism stick it was
very much in the service of building a
constituency that was willing to believe
the kind of conspiracy theories that
people like Roseann send out in a
hundred tweets today I don't think he
makes a distinction he doesn't know
anymore so when he says something like
he did today that call me was not fired
for the very reason that he said and we
can see on video he was fired namely
over the Russia investigation he
actually believes that he did not fire
Coleman and that's the reason and that's
important because it suggests that to
some degree he's also working to wound
his own emotional situation if that's
what he needs to hear himself say I
wanted to explore that with you the next
time you're on
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
