mady's in Washington with the Russian
investigation speeding forward now there
are new signs today that President Trump
may face the most immediate risk when it
comes to potential obstruction of
justice tonight
Axios is down reporting the Trump made
multiple attempts to persuade Attorney
General Jeff Sessions to retake command
of the Russian investigation after
sessions recused himself in March of
last year President Trump pressured him
to reclaim control in it at least four
separate occasions three times in person
and once over the phone according to
Axios the sustained pressure made
several officials uncomfortable because
they viewed it as improper and worried
that it could be politically and legally
problematic as the New York Times
reported this week Trump's intervention
with the Attorney General is a key line
of inquiry for the special counsel the
central question in the obstruction
probe is in fact why Trump fired the man
investigating his campaign former FBI
director James Comey last night the New
York Times revealed that former acting
FBI director Andrew McCabe took
confidential notes about the
circumstances of commis firing according
to McCabe's account Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosenstein quote said the
president originally asked him to
reference Russia in his memo which was
used to justify Kobe's dismissal The
Times reports that to mr. mchabe that
seemed like possible evidence that mr.
commies firing was actually related to
the FBI's investigation into the Trump
campaigns ties to Russia well today the
president tried to deny that Russia
played any part in his decision to fire
Comey quote not that it matters but I
never fired James Connelly because of
Russia the corrupt mainstream media
loves to keep pushing that narrative but
they know it's not true however there's
now a preponderance of evidence out
there showing just the opposite
one day after firing Comey the president
held an oval office meeting with Russian
diplomats including some of the very
people under scrutiny now by the FBI in
that meeting Trump described Comey as a
nutjob and told the Russians I face
great pressure because of Russia that's
taken off well then the next day he made
this stunning public admission
but regardless of recommendation I was
going to fire call me knowing there was
no good time to do it and in fact when I
decided to just do it I said to myself I
said you know this Russia thing with
Trump and Russia is a made-up story this
Russia thing just this month
Trump lawyer Rudy Giuliani also
acknowledged that Comey was fired over
the Russia investigation because come he
wouldn't follow Trump's directive to
publicly clear him here's Rudy he fired
call me because Comey would not among
other things say that he wasn't they
targeted the investigation he's entitled
to that Hillary Clinton got that and she
couldn't get that well Jeremy right now
is Julie Ainsley national security and
justice reporter for NBC News Shannon
penny pieces of White House reporter
with Bloomberg News and Michael Smith's
the author of that report in The New
York Times and an MSNBC national
security analyst Michael put in
perspective this constant pressure
that's now being reported by your
organization by the New York Times that
the president Trump constantly kept
pushing mr. Jeff Sessions the Attorney
General he had appointed to pull back on
his refusal to take over command of the
investigation because he wanted his guy
prosecuting him or not prosecuting him
how's it all fit to the president the
recusal is the original sin here if he
had not recused himself Rod Rosenstein
the Deputy Attorney General never would
have appointed Muller and Trump
understands obviously the cloud that has
cast over his administration he holds
sessions directly responsible for this
and while we are learning new things
about what went on behind the scenes the
president has been very open about this
in public
in July he said to us that he never
would have made sessions as Attorney
General
if he knew he was going to recuse
himself what we're learning about now is
that the president continued to pressure
him to do that to actually go back on
that decision and take control of the
investigation the president has long
wanted someone loyal to him to be in
charge of this he sees the person that
runs the Justice Department as someone
that should be like a personal lawyer to
him
and should be extremely loyal joy did
the president think that Rosenstein
would do is what would be doing rather
Jeff sessions would do his bidding did
he think he liked his Roy Cohn there's
just a different relationship between
the president and Jeff Sessions versus
broad roads inside I mean yes he
appointed both but he sees rod Rosen
Stein as someone who served under the
Obama administration the Bush
administration but he sees sessions as
someone who you know not only pushes the
edge of conservative politics but also
someone who is one of his first major
name endorsers on the campaign trail he
really saw this as his guy who he was
putting in the Justice Department and if
you were someone like Donald Trump who
commands loyalty and might be entering
the presidency with fears over what the
intelligence community or the Justice
Department could get on you that
position is key and so it may have even
factored into his decision to appoint
Jeff Sessions to that spot and when he
recused himself he's putting the blame
there but I will say I think he's
putting the blame on the recusal when
the original sin is firing Comey he just
doesn't want to blame himself let me go
into the Chenin here's the problem that
everybody watching heard to begin that
she understands Trump is not willing to
tell the truth he's going to say to the
Russians he's won that's how it for some
reason the Lester Holt on NBC and when
he's forced to really acknowledge the
importance of the fact that he have
fired this guy you call me over the
Russian investigation he denies it today
he's that he's up to that today right
and II erase the past yeah well he said
so many things around this that I think
you can't believe anything that comes
out of his mind out of his mouth I'm
sorry but the what Muller has which will
help in his investigation in determining
the intent is the interviews he has done
and he has interviewed dozens of White
House officials even interviewed
multiple people in the general counsel's
office he's interviewed Rosen Stein he's
interviewed sessions he has their notes
any notes that were taken either by
people who were in the room as note
takers or by people who are the
principal's so that's what he can use to
go through and figure out what the
president's intent was regardless of
what the president said publicly or on
Twitter at an interview with Lester Holt
and then of course potentially he would
have an interview with the president
where
he could ask him these questions
directly but of course then you go back
to the issue of the president's
credibility I mean well that's true you
he has you know a wealth of evidence now
but I don't think we can discount the
interview and I know obviously you're
not discounting the interview but what's
important about it is that it really it
was contemporaneous it was right around
the time where Comey was fired it was
right around the time he was meeting
with Russians in the Oval Office and
talking about how come he was a nutjob
it really gives us this week sight was
Lester home yeah and it gives a window
into his frame of mind at that time not
the polished Trump that could appear
late last night
excuse me last night the president
President Trump launched yet another
attack at Attorney General Jeff Sessions
over his decision to recuse himself from
the Russian investigation and in doing
so the president quoted Washington
lawyer Joe digenova in a tweet saying
quote the recusal of Jeff Sessions was
an unforced betrayal of the president
United States
Michael I'm looking at this thing and I
won't you can bleed off and that when I
will three of you to talk about it
it seems to me like an old Polaroid film
you're watching this case for
obstruction developed right in front of
us it's hard to believe it's not going
to be centered on the firing of Comey or
in backed up with this constant effort
to try to Unruh cues
mr. sessions it seems like he's fixated
on this and the only reason he's denying
it today that he fired Comey over the
Russia thing the only reason he's
denying it is like the Watergate people
they didn't know they were obstructing
justice so they were told they were
obstructed justice and then they
realized they're committing felonies
potentially here and they deny it it
seems like Trump is only covering his
tracks because he's been informed now
that you're creating
then you're committing a crime all the
time every time you pulled this number
well I'm not sure about that because the
president knew as far as the middle of
last summer that there was an
obstruction investigation and as these
reports have come out about what he did
with sessions it shows that he at least
discussed it into the end of last year
so they discussing it beyond that point
well why didn't tell Lester that I did
it because they're Russia you'd have to
ask you ask him I mean I think the
questions to the Russians in the Oval
Office are even more to the point
talking about how the pressure was
relieved on him because of that and that
is something that the Muller has a
transcript of these are the White
House's handed
over many different documents related to
the questions of obstruction in this
case being the transcript of the
conversation there I mean the
interesting thing about sessions is the
fact that he has hung on as long as he
has
congressional Republicans especially
Republicans in the Senate have said they
will not confirm another Attorney
General they rallied to session side
when Trump tried to get him to resign in
July and he's still around as his
Rosenstein and the fact that sessions
has recused himself has taken him out of
the position of having to deal with the
investigation on a day to day basis
allowed him to pursue his conservative
agenda and put Rosenstein in the hot
seat on all these questions you know it
once it seems to go folks so far away
from the evidence we talking about here
I mean you reporters cover the evidence
and they do dig up the news you really
make the news with this evidence and
then Giuliani and des gentlemen the
whole rest of them now who are all
working for Trump basically tape no it's
not about evidence it's about this
lynching mob that's lynch mob today we
they tried this is it last night Rudy
Joey repeated his demand that
prosecutors give his client who's the
subject of this investigation documents
contain the evidence from the
investigation of him and his campaign he
wants all their evidence before the
trial starts he went further he called
that special counsels prosecutors a
lynch mob let's watch him I'm not gonna
let my client testify the president
United States even if he wants to
without those documents being produced
only if and when we find that this was
handled appropriately and and there's
some evidence on which they could base
this phony investigation
well we haven't testified but you got a
group there that that's a lynch lynching
mob so let them do their job and boy
we're ready to knock the heck out of you
with our report Joey explain the use of
that term I mean the last time we heard
something like that was Clarence Thomas
starting his debated hearings about a
knee to hell and he said this is a
high-tech lynching here's Rudy
Giuliani's saying this about the
president knighted States being the
victim of a lynching mob and it
shouldn't be thrown around lightly I
mean I think he's trying to just sort of
up the ante on the witch-hunt thing that
we hear from the president a lot but
this was part of their strategy from the
beginning from the time the Muller was
appointed we started hearing whisperings
around the White House of the
said what can we do to undermine this
investigation they were going after
credentials they were at first kind of
getting in the weeds should he be
allowed to investigate people whose law
firm is also representing and then they
just went for the jugular they went for
politics and they want to paint this as
something that is Republican Democrat
that it is people coming after the
president because they don't want to be
President not people who are gathering
evidence and a very serious criminal
investigation how can this not be
obstruction of justice that the
president tried to pick somebody like
Roy Cohn to be his Attorney General to
protect them from and the investigation
like this then he gets rid of the FBI
director who's investigating because
he's investigating him right right and
then he continues to try to go after
Jeff Sessions as Attorney General say
why didn't they get rid of me you know
good whatever because you're supposed to
protect me you were supposed to obstruct
justice for me and of course he could
ask Jeff Sessions or he could remove
just Jeff Sessions and put someone new
in there I mean the Congress has pretty
much indicated that they will not give
you another Attorney General if you do
that and it would create such a
firestorm but if you really wanted to he
could do that one point I just want to
make about Giuliani which someone who's
worked with him for a long time pointed
out right now he is acting as Trump's
lawyer he is defending his client with
everything he's got and so I think when
a lot of us he's no longer an analyst of
you know law enforcement he's no longer
former prosecutor cuz he's a lawyer
defending his client tooth and nail and
so that's how we need to like take his
comments on that point Michael last word
to you or question to you is how close
are we to a collision here between what
looks to be the mounting evidence
developed and the argument developing on
the behalf by the by the special counsel
by robert mower how far are we from
akola of a collision between that
evidence gathering and the president's
determination not to respect this
investigation itself like the biggest
collision coming will be on the
interview they have been negotiating now
for six months about this and at a
certain point I think Muller is gonna
lose his patience you have Giuliani out
there saying all different types of
things about the interview about topics
that they will discuss one day they
won't discuss the next day and I think
it's hard to believe that Muller doesn't
look at this and think this is a
stalling tactic so the question will be
does
wanna go to court in subpoena the
president and as he want to risk losing
that battle and potentially giving the
president a huge win on the question of
the interview remember Muller wants to
question the president about whether he
had criminal intent when he fired Comey
what's more likely that the president
will give himself up to an interview
with Robert Miller or that Kim jong-un's
going to give up his nuclear weapons I
don't know that but there's actually an
interesting question there looks
credible at this point if if the the
thing about the that is that Muller is
in an interesting position because if
the president is coming into
negotiations on the North Korea issue
and Muller wants to subpoena him will
Muller think twice and say do I want to
put the president in this position
leading up to such an important
negotiation that will be a political
decision for Muller because there will
be larger consequences because there
will be some people who say this is what
you're doing to the president at such a
crucial time is unfair task and they
cooperate right as he's as he's prepping
for his meeting in Singapore yeah I mean
I can see how that would would be like
Michael says something that he would
consider I mean people who know Muller
say he doesn't consider any of the
politics but you have to consider
between I don't think we're gonna have
that interview before the 12th is right
and we think that the obstruction probe
could wrap up by the end of the summer
early fall so the timing should work out
but but I think that's a really
interesting point hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
