the Trump also told reporters aboard Air
Force One he's considering pardoning as
I said Martha Stewart and pardoning are
commuting the sentence of the guys still
in prison arrived the boy of it the
Bogoria bitch the former governor of
Illinois Stewart was convicted of
conspiracy obstruction and making false
statements to prosecutors investigators
rather properly again well the goya
bitch was removed from office and
convicted public corruption charges
including they tried to trade Barack
Obama's Senate seat for campaign
contributions after Obama was elected
president Blagojevich started serving a
14-year prison sentence in 2012
Blagojevich is attorney
Leonard Goodman joins us now Leonard
thank you we talked a couple of days ago
before we heard about this what is the
why do you think a president's looking
to your client to give him a pardon why
is that high no I do not think it's
political I disagree with your last
guest and you know I think it would be
and I think it's an absolute it would be
the absolute act of correcting an
injustice he does know Blagojevich
that's true and you know the other thing
as knowledgeable as your last guest was
it's not true that he tried to sell the
Senate seat he tried to make a political
deal which had never been prosecuted
before an in fact was not illegal that
part of the case was thrown out he's in
prison for campaign fundraising which is
his job he never took a penny he never
tried to enrich himself in office he's
one of the few elected officials ever
prosecuted for purely political acts he
never took money from his campaign fund
he never took gifts and loans he never
took fancy trips if he took his family
on a campaign trip he reimbursed okay
this is more like look I know I think he
had a good case okay I've heard their
arguments and I we were talking about
this before this even came up I think my
boy was serving 14 years is a really
serious problem I wonder about it I've
seen people for murder cases not getting
14 years let me ask you about this what
would your clients say well your client
apologized to what he did will express
the regret will he do all the things and
you have to do in accepting a party if
the president offers it will he meet the
concerns of the Constitution here and
the statutes will he do it absolutely he
will he's expressed regret for his
behavior and the things that he said but
the fact is you know
LaGuerta's a man that stands on his
principles he has said all along that he
followed the rules
as they were laid up at the Supreme
Court the government changed the rules
on him in order to convict him so you
know I think you know and you have to
hand it to President to Trump if he has
the courage to actually do the right
thing you know the governor will accept
a pardon to do what is necessary to be
able to else be eligible fraud that's
the news tonight right from you he's got
two beautiful daughters at home that
have been without their dad for six
years for you know for a man that has
was only doing his job was you know
raising campaign funds and making
political deals as the appellate court
said the deal over the Senate seat was
equivalent to what President Eisenhower
did with Earl Warren which was which was
considered a stroke of genius
you know he's he was singled out for
prosecution he was under investigation
for five years Chris we've given you a
platform to make this argument I think
it's a good argument by you and thank
you we've talked before but thank you
for having me on Chris let's get back to
this presidential thing on the pardon
thing what does this say about our
Constitution that the president it√≠d
states can obstruct justice now
flagrantly by saying I'm gonna obstruct
it a new way I'm gonna pardon everybody
in this case so they shut up that's
obstructing I mean it is in my mind I
mean you cannot you can then the pardon
power can be used to you know rid people
of criminal histories and crimes but it
can't be done in a way to obstruct
justice and because mr. Trump has been
identified as a subject of this
investigation the people around him and
close to him are in theory in that
investigation that that using that
pardon power to get rid of that that
picture with hervanta there I do I think
he's not gonna let his kids go to the
can sir
and Jerry too he's not gonna let these
guys go to jail dad I don't know the
kids the count you're laughing you know
maybe he does I don't know we're talk
we're talking about Donald Trump about
Donald Trump jr. Donald Donald Trump jr.
absolutely I think the president will
will be a father and look out for him
but the son-in-law I'm not so convinced
than that but look what we're talking
about here is a dereliction of
constitutional duty by the other branch
of government by Congress
I mean we're talking about norms and
customs we were talking just a moment
ago before we went to will governor
Blagojevich is lawyer about how you know
it's not settled whether the the power
of the parole of the president it used
to be that there was processes and
procedures that a president would have
to go through there's a person in the
White House or in the DOJ whose sole job
it is to vet people for parole what
happened yesterday with Dinesh D'Souza
and from the reports I read a
three-minute phone call where the
president says we've never met I don't
know you you've been done an injustice
I'm pardoning you tomorrow
three minutes a funky intent of the
United States it's such an empowering he
does with impunity yeah hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
