now from Chicago Austan Goolsbee he's
the chairman of the Council of Economic
Advisors he was a chairman of council
economic advisors in the Obama
administration and he's currently a
professor the University of Chicago
Business School and our panel is back
with me on set Shane Harris howdy Chris
bola and Ramesh Ramesh Ponnuru Austin
nice to see you so again let me start
with this tariffs any of these tariffs
at all strike you is a good idea no no
look this is you may be the voted brexit
or or what the italians are proposing
they are the most uncertainty creating
market threatening things in some time
and this was the donald trump
administration basically saying hold my
beer i can top that this is a thing
which as you pointed out in the in the
observation managed to enrage our
military allies at exactly a moment when
we're trying to lean on our allies on on
both iran on north korea and some others
and it's going to be quite devastating
to manufacturing employment in the
united states because so much of
manufacturing here uses steel and
aluminum then it just it doesn't make
any sense and i don't know why they've
come back to the idea Wilbur Ross
Commerce Secretary big proponent of this
let me play for you what he said about
this and get you to respond even if the
EU does retaliate and even if some
others do it still will remain unlikely
to be as much as 1% on our economy all
right Austin Wilbur Ross says not much
of an impact maybe one percent of our
economy what does that mean well I mean
if one percent of our economy if we had
a negative 1% growth rate of GDP that'd
be catastrophic we'd be in a recession
so I I don't think we should that that's
it for you know approaching trillions of
dollars so let's be let's be a little
circumspect the thing is I think his
argument is if you look at manufactured
goods these
EAL itself is a small component of the
cost therefore we shouldn't be nervous
if we raise those costs because it won't
raise prices by very much and all I'll
observe is since they announced this
before us steel prices are about 50%
higher than the steel prices in Europe
because people already started raising
prices and you've seen a series of
manufacturing industries in the u.s. say
that these higher costs are hurting them
so I just think it's it's mistaken to
assume that we're gonna raise taxes by
hundreds of millions of dollars or
billions and it won't have an effect
alright so you're making an economic
argument want to get to a little bit of
the political impact here rameshan I've
had you lead off everytime I don't mean
to put you always on the defensive here
on the right but I'm just politically
this makes no sense because you're
actually helping sherrod Brown in Ohio
you're actually helping Heidi Heitkamp
in North Dakota I mean you're helping
the exact demo in you're you're hurting
Republican messaging in some of the
states that they want to either to win
to hold the Senate yeah I do I do think
this is politically harmful in a number
of ways one the stock market that
Republicans have been bragging about
this hurts it - you've got the harm to
the steel and aluminum using industries
which are much larger than the steel and
aluminum industries themselves and then
three you've got the potential
retaliation and actual retaliation from
other countries which hurts a lot of
places but I think the fact is the
president is a genuine believer that in
tariffs hell Wow consistent right one
consistent let's check that for a second
now because before I came in here I
talked with someone who was talking to
European ambassadors today who are
understandably livid but there is some
talk in those circles about why would
you for instance exempt a country like
Australia and not a country like Britain
and they are livid they feel like the
president doesn't like Theresa May but
he likes Turnbull and is this also is
there also personalization here you know
I've been vindictiveness to it they
can't understand why more alone I alone
will be the one to decide who gets a who
gets who gets left out of the tariffs
and who doesn't sure it's me these
tariffs is a punitive measure right
it's about policymaking it's not about
economic growth and to Wilbur a this
point about the potential 1% loss in GDP
if these tax cuts are going to pay for
themselves as the administration has
pointed out you can't afford to lose
that 1% in GDP right and you know we
asked earlier where the Republicans
outrage when it comes to the pardon you
saw the outrage on this which tells you
that those blow makers have just said
their constituents care much more about
this than the Russian mr. Austin walk me
through when this would actually hit the
average consumer some of these carrots
reeling it yeah partly that depends on
whether this thing spirals out of
control or not so if they just put in
these tariffs and Europe had some some
some response and that did not set
President Trump off and to put a series
of more tariffs I think the impact on
consumers would be relatively limited
you would probably see it in the price
of cars you will probably see it on a
few manufactured goods that you were
buying I think there would be an
employment impact in a lot of
politically sensitive states for steel
users but it would be sort of limited I
think the bigger fear here and it's the
fear that's on the mind of all the
economists is things like this when they
light on fire they don't just stay in
the fire pit right well you saw Donald
Trump get his dander up with China he's
gonna put tariffs on them they put him
back on him and he says well I'm gonna
triple what I said I was gonna do the
first time if that happens here with our
allies we will have we would be looking
at recession in the US and everyone will
feel that and guys this is the fear I
hear among some foreign policy types
both left and right who say this is the
part where the president understands
everything isn't a unilateral and
relationship or a bilateral relationship
that all of these things that you know
you've made the European allies
frustrated and angry over Iran now
you're doing this like you know if
you're gonna you know try a carrot and
stick approach don't forget the carrot
and and right now the president stopped
presenting Western Europe with any
carrots in trade is not a zero-sum game
and he approaches everything a zero-sum
games and we have a
Riemann's with these country's
long-standing agreements and I don't
know that he's fully appreciated how
inactive feels sort of measured and
specific like this has knock-on effects
that you know or even maybe even
difficult for economists to predict
these are integrated global economies
right what about a domestic political
lens though you view it through a
domestic political lens the president's
entire first year was really one big
curtsy to the establishment the tax cuts
the deregulation and there were those in
the donor class who feared exactly this
I remember talking to them at the
beginning of the year that he was going
to lash out with some big populist kind
of irresponsible trade moves and the
thing that they're most concerned about
now is not this they're concerned about
the renegotiation of NAFTA because guess
what we've got an election coming up in
Mexico where there is the Mexican
version of Bernie Sanders and he'd be
more than happy to play a wild-eyed game
of trade war with us Austin you've
gotten in some trouble about NAFTA in
the past I won't bring up old campaign
quotes but let me ask you this is it how
vulnerable is NAFTA now I think naft is
pretty vulnerable in this but the the
Canadians particularly have been kind of
sly about it that they felt Donald Trump
wants to blow up at somebody on trade
let's just slow roll NAFTA so nafta's
not the thing he blows up on they
thought they could kind of get China to
the front now it's on steel and tariffs
and what I think is the bigger danger
that no one's talking about yet is that
I think it's quite likely China now goes
reaches out to Europe and Canada and
Mexico and says do you want to join us
in launching a giant WTO investigation
of the United States and they would be
inclined to go along with it now wow
that would be would offer an interesting
way to get the President to retaliate on
something like that anyway Austan
Goolsbee a long time no chat thanks for
coming on sharing your views sir much
appreciate it hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights
MTP daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
