prosecutors like yourself career
prosecutors see a president is see
people convicted of properly convicted
of crimes get pardoned what is their
morale after something like this
especially if it looks like it's a
pattern yeah what it looks like a
pattern Chuck it can be pretty
demoralizing I can tell you from my own
experience as a prosecutor there are
things you can control and things you
can't control
you could work really really hard on a
case a righteous case a white-collar
case and a judge decides that that
person ought not to go to jail and it
could be disappointing but at least you
feel that the process was fair because
the judge did not have some underlying
political motive or imperative here it's
a little bit different because there
seems to be an underlying political
imperative and from a prosecutor
standpoint even though we understand
there are some things we can't control
it's typically not coupled with a bad
motive do you see bad motive here I'm
beginning to see bad motive here and I
don't like to speculate but a patterns
emerging I'm not the brightest guy in
the world Chuck but there's a pattern
emerging and a number of the people that
the president has pardoned or signaled
that he might pardon seemed to fit a
certain pattern when you articulated it
in the opening you know there's
something else he said today I want to
open it up to the panel here this is the
president on rod Blagojevich on Air
Force One and he said this there's
another one that I'm thinking about
pardoning rod Blagojevich 18 years in
jail for being stupid and saying things
that every other politician you know
that many other politicians say plenty
of other politicians have said a lot
worse and it doesn't he shouldn't have
been put in jail Ramesh what do you what
do you make of this rationale well I
think there is a kind of cynicism that
shades into a kind of cheap you know
pseudo sophistication where you say oh
they're all crooks and in fact bulgor
vich was significantly worse than most
politicians are and if it's true that
our standards for corruption are too low
which is I think what he's basically
arguing here the that is
an argument for a pardon for Blagojevich
it's an argument for enforcing the law
against everybody else that that's very
too logical or rational but Heidi it you
can't help but look at this it's like
he's trying to essentially what about
ISM his in the entire Muller
investigation he's trying to fuzz it up
and create this image as well of the
Justice Department as this deep state
well of corruption that is out to get
people like him as well who are
ideologically similar to him in the case
of Dinesh D'Souza
but you itemize also the specific crimes
which is really interesting when you
draw a line between all of these
individuals in the case of Dinesh
D'Souza for instance I was looking at
this before I came in making false
statements wire fraud conspiracy who
does that sound like I believe his name
is michael cohen right yes right so
again we can't say for certain but we
can point out the pattern and I think
that is what we need to do is point out
the pattern Shane this is what the
president said about Dinesh D'Souza he
said what should have been a quick minor
fine like everybody else with the
election stuff what they did to him was
horrible for what it's worth before I
get you to talk on this apparently the
Justice Department was so cruel to
Dinesh D'Souza that his ex-wife decided
she wanted to write a letter to the
judge not because she thought they were
being so cool because she feared they
would be too lenient and she writes
please accept this letter as my effort
to correct the record Dinesh created by
his false and misleading submissions to
the court regarding me the extent nature
of his criminal conduct in my
relationship with our daughter he says
quote I trust the court will carefully
consider my letter and impose a fair
appropriate and just sentence she
basically went out of her way to make
sure the judge says please essentially
don't be light on this guy
that's how unfairly she thought he was
treated right right and that's it that's
coming from somebody pretty close to the
events I mean what I find fascinating
about what the president said in the
justification and he's done this in
other cases the pardons too he is
holding himself out as the final arbiter
of justice this is a recent case for
which the person who's convicted has not
demonstrated any public contrition or
attempts to take responsibility for what
he did which is usually the requisite
step in getting a pardon and then there
is quite a long process a review
president's coming in here saying no I'm
the decider I'm fixing this I'm fixing
that and he's in it went away it reminds
me of the campaign where he says you
know I'm the only one who can fix the
mess that we're in and he sort of may be
holding all these cases as miscarriages
of justice and that he's going to say
yeah right like there's a question - of
how these cases are being brought to him
Donald Trump does not come into office
with a list of people who he thinks have
been all fairly treated I can't wait to
put a perverted way these are very
creative trolls these pardons I don't
know who is putting these in front of
him but they're very creative trolls
they spin up the the right enemies for
the president and they somehow appease
the right part of his base right we're
mashing look he's pardoned five people
and 60% of his pardons have gone to
conservative cause celeb Rose D'Souza
Joe Arpaio
and actually yes and so you know look
there are lots of miscarriages of
justice in this country it seems hard to
believe that so many of them would
involve members of his political base
Chuck Rosenberg what's the unintended
consequence of the president essentially
he's being this arbiter I thought Shane
described it well it's sort of like he's
gonna be the arbiter of fairness here
but if a president is saying that
basically all the campaign finance laws
in this country are meaningless because
that's kind of the argument he's making
they're not serious they shouldn't be
enforced with the same seriousness that
you know defrauding somebody personally
would be what's the unintended
consequence of that yeah in the in the
legal world well he was substituting his
judgment for the judgment of lots and
lots of people who know the substance of
this much better than he does now
there's no argument about his pardon
Authority it's unfettered he can pardon
whoever he wants but taking a class of
offenses let's say it's campaign finance
or bank robbery or tax evasion or
whatever it might be and saying that
that shouldn't count is really an act of
substituting his judgment for that of
not just the rest of the executive
branch but also the legislative branch
so I think it's the dangerous path he
does have unfettered Authority but there
was always a process that the Department
of Justice to bring pardons before him
as Shane said when the person seeking
the pardon
contrition and the pardon was there for
an act of grace and not an act of sort
of political opportunism and in fact
chuck helped me put up we have here the
five standards essentially for having a
pardon considered we're supposed to be
your your character and your conduct and
your reputation
assuming you're actually trying to
improve that I guess Dinesh D'Souza's
Twitter feed would tell you otherwise
serious seriousness and relative
recentness of the offense acceptance of
responsibility remorse and atonement
need for relief for some reason and some
sort of official recommendation perhaps
from others I mean obviously this did
not go through any traditional
Department of Justice protocol correct
that seems that way Chuck but these are
policies right and the policies were put
in place not to restrain the president
because everyone understands as I said
earlier that the power here is
unfettered but to protect the president
to make sure that when he acts in a
graceful way when he confers a pardon or
a commutation it's to those people who
really really truly deserve it and have
proved that over time and so these are
policies that are there for a reason
they've stood you know they stood the
test of time they've went well
he has just simply chosen to ignore them
we assume the other thing that there may
be an audience and this is for the panel
of three or four people here perhaps in
these pardons michael cohen you've
brought him up once we know for people
potentially who have been interviewed by
Muller but potentially might be targets
Roger stone Michael Cohen may have Brad
par scale and his son Donald Trump jr.
right seems to be telegraphing at least
perhaps des Cohen I mean we've seen this
even in the earlier pardons to and
you've like neatly lined up how the
offenses that he's pardoning or lining
up with the Potenza people who have been
charged with also ham-handed and
transparent it seems of course it's it's
conditioning at anybody you know and
getting the public ready for it but I
think it is you know pretty clearly also
sending a message that said I cannot
imagine that the attorneys for any of
these people are betting their strategy
big Lee
that this is what he's doing but it's
part of a broader put it in a broader
category here a broader tab a broader
file of yet another tentacle another way
of trying to undermine this information
I gotta ask where's the outrage I'm on
the right isn't there like I
where are the rule of law conservatives
who are going wait a minute this is an
abuse of the part well I think I think
the Arpaio pardon in particular was was
a terrible abuse of power and there were
conservatives including my colleagues at
national no doubt right I'm not saying
you got against it but I say this I
don't say this about basically the
National viewing Weekly Standard who all
tried to keep their principles and what
I think what I think Trump is doing is
trying to redefine our understanding of
things like corruption for him
corruption basically is opposition to
him right there's no standard there's no
neutral standard of justice and when he
talks about law and order he's talking
about his enemies and they need to be
held to account his friends need to be
rewarded okay I agree that that's all
the case that that's how he sees this
where's the rest of the Republican
leadership on this nobody else can
actually believe that this is what it
should be what I think you're gonna see
for the most part you're gonna see some
people who will say for example with
just who's least popular figure among
sub-segments is right
some people will cheer this a lot other
people are just gonna be quiet they're
just gonna ride it out they're gonna
talk about other issues I spend 10
minutes under net' this net' just uses
Twitter feed and I question why anybody
would want to stand with that man's
character that's people make their
judgments good luck to them Chuck
Rosenberg thank you sir coming on
sharing your expertise hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meat to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
