Alley I mean let you decide which topic
to start with but I do have these new
statements from TBS and from Samantha P
okay so TBS now says Samantha P has
taken the right action in apologizing
for the vile and inappropriate language
she used those words should not have
aired it was our mistake to and we
regret it the White House of course
seizing on this I don't want to
necessarily make the comparison with
Roseanne Barr but they seem to be doing
that
well I think implicitly Casey when you
look at what the White House said
earlier today because this obviously
caught fire several hours ago and the
White House came out and responded to it
via press secretary Sarah Sanders and in
it they called these words they call the
comments from Samantha be vile and
vicious and you can see the statement
from TBS up on screen the White House
though saying that the collective
silence by the left and it's media
allies is appalling you can see that
statement there and I think that Casey
might be where that implicit comparison
to Roseanne is coming in the press
secretary adds her disgusting comments
and show are not fit for broadcast and
the statement goes on from there Casey
you allude to the idea that TBS says now
seem to say that the apology is going to
be what you will get from Sam B there
was nothing in a TBS statement about for
example a suspension or anything like
that so it seems like the network
believes this has been put to bed with
its statement and with B's statement as
well coming out and apologizing for this
we talked a little bit earlier in the
afternoon Casey about some of the the
backup you could say the Kathy Kathy
Griffin for example is giving to Sam be
saying it don't be too hard on B for
apologizing for example calling yourself
somebody who has been through the Trump
wood chipper before you know of course
that Griffin has come under serious fire
from this administration and from others
about some of her actions and comments
about this president his family case so
this continues to be a story and I'll
tell you one of like ten stories today
that has really been been dominating the
headlines at one point or another that's
for sure Hallie and I won one thing that
has stuck out to me here with this Sam B
flap is that you know the White House
has responded much more strongly to this
than they really ever did to Roseanne
completely racist tweet they did call it
inappropriate of course but then they
sort of changed the subject right and
remember how the President himself
responded now we haven't heard from
President Trump on this on the Sam B
comment but we did hear from the
President on the Roseanne tweet not
about the fact that it was racist not
about what it said and the content of
the of the tweet itself in the comment
itself but instead going after Bob Iger
and of Disney going after reasons why he
hadn't been given an apology and then
Sarah Sanders came out in red what was a
you could call a list of grievances that
the president had of people who have not
apologized to him for comments that they
have made about him so we'll see how the
story continues to develop this
afternoon the president is on the ground
in Texas he'll be there for the rest of
the day into the evening before flying
back to the White House tonight we now
Holly have a statement from the first
lady on this topic she says quote the
double standard is truly astounding time
and again the Trump family and members
of this administration are subjected to
false reporting hateful rhetoric and
outrageous lies all in the name of
freedom of speech or comedy yet the
mainstream media stays silent
I would note we are covering this here
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
