breaking news we've got now president
Trump announcing on Twitter
he's issuing a new pardon I wanted to
live to the White House on NBC's Peter
Alexander Peter as soon as I heard this
I'm scrambling going wow that Kim
Kardashian meeting there went very well
she was there to speak about Alice
Johnson a 62 year old great-grandmother
who's serving a life sentence for a
nonviolent drug crime maybe it could be
this man in Tennessee who was released
from prison and is now being put back in
on a technicality this is what Jared
Kushner and his team were pushing for
it's why Kim Kardashian was at the White
House but alas that's not what happened
yeah in fact it was neither of those the
other Kim summit Kim Kardashian
obviously not having an impact on the
president at least not immediately he
made no announcement about a pardon
there but he did after Air Force One
took off for a series of events
including couple fundraisers in Houston
announced this on Twitter he wrote will
be giving a full pardon to Dinesh
D'Souza today he was treated very
unfairly by our government so to catch
those up who aren't familiar with Dinesh
D'Souza I think he's best described as a
sort of conservative provocateur this is
a conservative author a documentary
filmmaker who was spared prison time
back in 2014 after he was convicted of
federal campaign finance fraud he I
think ultimately got about a five-year
probation period which means he's still
in that probation period the same
lawyers Harvey Weinstein you know I
don't know any details about who
represent so let me so let me get beyond
that if I can that'll give you a sense
of why he's been a controversial figure
obviously is his politics at least
according to him this is a familiar face
on right-wing media on TV and on radio
in the past he has repeatedly accused
President Obama of effectively carrying
out and his father's anti colonial
agenda his father of course being an
economist from Kenya the president
notably supporting dinesh d'souza person
he would be familiar from his comments
on right-wing media D'Souza has always
said that he was unfairly treated by the
Obama administration because
of his conservative leanings but again
this breaking news that the president
will be giving dinesh d'souza a full
pardon announcing it on Twitter a short
time ago and perhaps as importantly the
president making no particular
announcement about that other
significant summit that we saw taking
place here yesterday Kim kardashian-west
arriving trying to push for that pardon
for the woman she's been fighting on
behalf of Alice Marie Johnson hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
