Jonathan alluded to this I want to play
for you the sound from the presidents
rally tonight this moment where the
president referenced me to will talk
about it on the other side this is
expression but under the rules of me too
I'm not allowed to use that expression
or I can't do it it's the person that
got away see it was a little different
pencil Vanitas to it anyway I would do
it except for these people up there they
would say did you hear what President
Trump said did you hear what he said so
there is an expression but we'll change
the expression Pennsylvania was always
the person that got away Jill your guess
is as good as mine is the phrase that
pays here the girl that got away any
fears he can't say that in what what did
we just witness I mean it was truly
bizarre and I think everyone who is
watching and trying to write about it
was really confused what the heck was he
referring to here it seemed like he was
trying to describe Pennsylvania as the
potential state to the girl that got
away the one that he was super eager to
win and was sort of courting all along
and was worried that it might not go for
him that said I mean the way that the
president flippantly just raises the me
to movement the way that he clearly just
doesn't have any comprehension of what
it's supposed to mean the way that they
use it the sensitivity of the topic is
really extraordinary and and it's just
another example of the way that the
president has consistently over and over
again demonstrated that he he doesn't
understand what this is about
by the way that he cited again and again
with men who have been accused of
various sexual misconduct the way that
he has flippantly dismissed in the last
couple of weeks now the accusations made
about Brett Kavanaugh Jonathan to that
end we are a couple days away I guess in
an hour-long prime time special Friday
night Melania Trump is asked and answers
questions about the me to movement
during her Africa trip which even the
promotional material has gotten out into
into the bloodstream of the news media
that'll be interesting I'd say I mean
I'm still staggered by the outfit that
she wore in the front of the pyramids
where she said she didn't want people to
talk about what she was wearing and she
looked like she just stepped off the set
of raise the Lost Ark and did a proof
news conference inside of the Sphinx you
can fill in the reactor there yes it is
she in the previews they've that's aired
about this I mean she certainly said
again as we've heard from some White
House advisors that the women should be
heard but she also suggested that the
men should be heard and perhaps even
evidence be present yes the women showed
off for proof that's right and as
someone a Democrat operative said to me
today well would that mean something
like an audio recording from an Access
Hollywood bus you know obviously evoking
her husband's comments from some years
ago bragging about committing sexual
assault it is it is a fine line this
White House is trying to walk with you
the president is seemingly has tossed
aside you know for a week or two he's
seemed to be supportive of dr. Ford
other advisors like Killian Conway for a
wild war too but now they're towing this
line here where it's about relieving the
president and casting doubt on these
women hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
