welcome back everyone joining us now
from Washington DC with a look at Axios
and political reporter for Axios Alexei
McCammon Alexei great to have you with
us so what's the one big thing you guys
are tracking this morning so Ivanka
Trump and Jared Kushner have not been
hitting the press as much lately but
they are hardly disappearing and we're
reporting a tax yesterday for one big
thing looking at their sort of various
moves and their different roles to
suggest that they are in it for the long
haul and they're planning for the long
game
they have told friends that they are not
planning on leaving DC anytime soon they
are working on sort of smaller ball
policy initiatives that Democrats would
support which is especially
forward-thinking if you think that
they're going to win back the house and
so we're tracking how even though they
are not in the public eye as much
they're not having as much leaks as they
had in the beginning of the
administration they're actually in it
for the long haul considering Jared and
Ivanka's relationship to the president
daughter and son-in-law and their role
in the White House at one point it was
being seen as negative how is that being
seen now their relationship and their
roles in the White House
you know I saw someone wearing a tee
shirt last weekend that said something
like what to Ivanka and Jared do all day
and I think that's sort of reflective of
this question you're asking but within
the White House it's almost the opposite
now they're sort of abnormal almost
ambiguous roles have become reality and
I think that's in part not only because
of the initiatives that they've moved
forward on separately but because some
of their internal enemies like Steve
been and have left the White House
therefore making their roles easier and
less contentious I know that you know
per your reporting that you guys point
out Jared and Ivanka aren't going
anywhere soon having secured that
security clearance
certainly the upgrades at least what's
on the agenda for these two you think I
know that Jared's portfolio obviously is
all encompassing from prison reform to
Middle East peace but is there any thing
that's being done on those for those two
right so Jared Kushner as you just
mentioned is working on criminal justice
reform prison reform just yesterday he
was leading that meeting with Kim
Kardashian and the White House on this
topic he's overseeing Middle East peace
and things on that front
I'm told that he is leading most if not
all of the White House's criminal
justice reform meetings with everyone
not just Kim Kardashian and then Ivanka
Trump of course we'll remember if she
helped sell tax reform by pushing jokes
the child tax cut and we also remember
that she's working a lot in women's
empowerment issues and workforce
development and things on that front I
know that they're also preparing for a
possible Democratic takeover of the
house if the fact that happens what are
they doing for that right so some of
these issues that they're working on
they know we'll have bipartisan support
and especially support from Democrats
and one big example not to harp on this
but is Jared Kushner's prison reform
that is something that I have heard from
Democrats on the hill is something that
they are very much looking forward to
and actually appreciate his efforts on
because they didn't know necessarily
going into this Trump administration
whether or not Trump and those under him
would actually prioritize this and I
know it's something Democrats especially
a number of members in the CBC are
actually really looking forward to
working with him on Alexei let's switch
gears for a moment I want to ask you
because I know you guys are also
offering a sneak peek at the White
House's new campaign on the dangers of
opioids and I want to ask you what we
can expect from this campaign such an
important topic yes so this new campaign
has a sort of slogan or mentality of
engaged and enraged and you know
President Trump is someone who really
likes this old-school message of you
know this is what your brain looks like
on drugs and so that's the strategy that
they're using moving forward to sort of
not only inform people on how they can
learn more about this issue but how they
can get help for themselves and friends
and they're using that but or they're
doing that by sort of making them angry
about the issue and then encouraging
them to engage with this issue in
various ways I wonder if that egg
commercials gonna be coming back that we
remember growing up with yeah absolutely
powerful commercials on the left all
right
Alexa McCammon live for us in Washington
DC this morning thank you very much of
course we're going to be reading ax ACM
in just a little bit and to all of our
viewers out there you too can sign up
for that newsletter by simply going to
Axios com hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
