in less than a week now special counsel
Robert molars office has advised a judge
in Washington DC that prosecutors are
ready to move ahead with the sentencing
phase for two witnesses who pled guilty
months ago in the Russia scandal and who
have been cooperating with prosecutors
ever since today it was Richard Pinedo
who was charged in February in
conjunction with the indictment of all
those Russian individuals and
organizations that were charged with
conspiracy to defraud the United States
by way of the Russian propaganda
campaign that was mounted against the
2016 presidential election mr. Pineda
was charged in conjunction with the
identity theft and bank fraud parts of
that indictment and now molars
prosecutors say they're ready to go
ahead with the sentencing part of his
case last week it was George papadopolis
Trump campaign foreign policy advisor he
was charged last fall he's pled guilty
he's been cooperating with prosecutors
ever since for several months now molars
prosecutors have asked for and received
extensions from the court to keep
putting off the eventual sentencing of
both of these guys because apparently
both of these guys were still
cooperating with prosecutors prosecutors
were still providing still finding them
helpful in terms of getting useful
information out of them prosecutors
weren't done with them yet and so they
didn't want to move ahead well now in
both of those cases prosecutors have
stopped asking for any more extensions
for either Pinedo or Papadopoulos
they've asked the court to move ahead
toward the process start starting the
process of sentencing them now of course
both of those men will expect lenience
in their sentencing to reflect the
degree to which they cooperated with
prosecutors and helped prosecutors build
other cases so far Paul Manafort is the
only American charged in the Russia
scandal who has pled not guilty and his
instead fighting the charges against him
prosecutors wrapping up their
involvement with these other guys who
did plead guilty and cooperated may
essentially be a message to Paul
Manafort hey if you'd agreed to talk
you'd agreed to cooperate you might be
halfway home by now too but as it stands
manna fort is still facing many many
felony charges he's looking at not one
but two major federal criminal trials
starting this summer
and as I just mentioned a few minutes
ago his approach to paying for his
legal-defense now involves a brand new
dodgy as heck super sketchy anonymous
website pleading for money for him
meanwhile in federal court in the
Southern District of New York today it
was a bad day for the president's
personal lawyer Michael Cohen Michael
Cohen hasn't been charged with any crime
but he is the subject of an ongoing
federal criminal investigation being run
out of the US Attorney's office in
Manhattan and there's been a lot of
court proceedings already related to
Michael Cohen even though he hasn't been
charged because prosecutors got warrants
to search his home his office a hotel
room where he was staying even a safety
deposit box that he maintained they got
those warrants to seize records and
documents that they say are related to
their criminal investigation of mr.
Cohen the judge today described the
wrangling over the review of those
documents and what prosecutors are
ultimately going to be allowed to see
she described that wrangling as quote a
potential precursor to a criminal trial
if charges are filed against mr. Cohen
well in this precursor today to what is
ultimately widely expected to be a
criminal trial involving mr. Cohen
Cohen's lawyers today argued sort of
begged for more time to review
everything the government had seized
they want to review this stuff to
declare if any of it should be kept
confidential kept away from prosecutors
because it's part of mr. Cohen's
privileged attorney-client
communications we got the courtroom
transcript from what happened today in
federal court in New York and it's
really not good for Michael Cohen and
his lawyers here's one of Cohen's
lawyers quote we are moving heaven and
earth Your Honor we have people working
all night we have people sleeping on
couches in our offices we have people
who worked all through the Memorial Day
weekend I had an associate yesterday who
felt a tremor in his hand from lack of
sleep I had to send him home late last
night he came back at 7:30 this morning
we are working around the clock the
judge quote by approximately what point
in time do you expect to have reviewed
the remainder of the files Cohen's
lawyer quote we estimate that we will be
done fully with the review approximately
mid-july
the judge says quote let me hear from
the gut
as to the reasonableness of this
proposed deadline and the government
prosecutor says quote we do not believe
that that is a reasonable deadline one
of our concerns as the court is aware
from the beginning is delay that is an
unreasonable delay the judge well what
in your view would be reasonable given
your familiarity with the material
prosecutor says your honor mid-june and
the judge says to Michael Cohen's lawyer
how many lawyers are working on this
full-time Komen's lawyer says 15 your
honor the judge full time the lawyer 15
plus 2 data folk to data specialists the
judge and they're all working full-time
on this the lawyer yes judge the judge
okay mid June is the date another one of
Cohen's lawyers then pipes up your honor
can I be heard for one minute the judge
says yes lawyer I want the court to
understand something about the materials
we are dealing with for example if
there's an hour-long conversation that
is one of these 3.7 million files one of
our attorneys has to listen to that hour
I do not think I can maintain quality
control of a larger staff of attorneys
working on this matter than we currently
have we are burning money at a rate
candidly that I don't know that I can
even increase your honor the 1.3 million
records that we are through is a
demonstration of how hard we have worked
we are working flat-out we are doing
candidly a great job on this and I do
not think we could do more than
unrealistic deadlines of mid-june I
don't know that we can make that I just
don't know what I'm going to do to get
that done I need more time than that and
I think I just asked for you to consider
that in your ruling and then the judge
responds mr. Cohen's review of the
materials currently in their possession
must be completed by June 15th it is
important for the court to balance the
slow deliberate needs of those who are
asserting attorney-client privilege with
the need for an investigation to go
forward
Michael Cohen's attorneys today begging
the judge for a more time mid June two
weeks from now are you kidding mid June
we can't have it done by mid June
begging the judge getting nothing from
the judge and then there's this which
was spelled out by prosecutors right at
the start of this hearing today under
question
from the judge the judge says quote I
will begin by seeking the government's
update on its production of material
prosecutor says yes your honor as
reflected in the report of the Special
Master dated yesterday we completed our
rolling production of material to mr.
Cohen and the Special Master on May 22nd
with the exception of three items three
items namely two blackberries that
Quantico is still working on getting
into and the contents of a shredding
machine we expect to produce those
materials within two to three weeks
the judge says very good do you have any
idea of the possible volume of materials
that represents prosecutor the
blackberries we can't be certain because
we're not in them so we can't tell the
volume of electronic material I do not
believe the contents of the shredding
machine are voluminous at all judge says
okay thank you and when you shred stuff
it the contents of the shredding machine
whether voluminous or not the reason
prosecutors are saying those can be
produced in two to three weeks is
because apparently at Quantico they're
not only working on getting into what
were described in court today as Michael
Cohen's wife's blackberries they're also
apparently
assembling whatever was shredded by
Michael Cohen and then retrieved by
federal agents from Michael Cohen
shredding machine today I learned that
yes they put that stuff back together
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
