black graduate student taking him up in
a common area a thing I'm prep said too
many times at college many happens and
colleges all the time but she was
questioned by her white peer who then
called campus yet see over my Aparna is
the lot ASEAN bola and she joins us in
the audience today
um I was really curious after that
incident happened what the what the
backside of all that looked like because
we got to sort of see in the video a lot
of what the the trauma of it looked like
and how sort of awfully authoring it all
was and um but what what happens on the
other side of an incident like that on
the other side you mean what was I going
through yeah and like afterwards after
the video had gone viral and you're back
in the community and back in the common
room
well I've literally just got back to
Yale this past weekend I had plans to
leave the day that this happened was
actually my last day on campus I had
plans to leave for Nigeria for my
father's birthday the following day so I
had to just you know stay on autopilot
so when you know the the whole thing
blew up I just kind of hunker down with
my family and I was just like you know
this is this is crazy but you know I
have to keep on living my life but you
know I've been working with students on
campus to organize to demand a response
an appropriate response from the
University we're still waiting for that
they haven't done anything like this say
that again I just want to be clear in
terms of the record of what Yale if
response has been there has not been
anything similar to like what we are
seeing today um well they haven't you
know they've released a few public
statements to sort of acknowledge the
need for inclusivity on campus they
haven't once condemned the actions of
the student who called the police on me
they haven't once condemned the actions
of the police and they have found
explanations for the police
you know the behavior of the police and
so for me that's not sufficient I always
wonder in these interactions because so
many of them are in public and you never
see the person again but this is on a
college campus where presumably you can
see this person again interact with this
person again have you interacted with
this young woman who called the police
and if so what was that interaction
fortunately for me I haven't um but if
you know the story then you know that
she called the police on a friend of
mine just months before um and he you
know kept running into her and even a
week after my incident
he saw her on campus you know and so for
every black person on campus who
understands the type of person this is
you are reached hamat eyes every time
you see her because you know that if the
school has not condemned her action and
she is empowered and people like her are
empowered to do it again and you know
that could happen again and if it
happens again maybe we'll be fortunate
that police officers that you know that
responds to the call will behave with
you know will behave well and maybe we
won't maybe what happened in Harvard
will happen again I think that to see
this is why we need to really have
conversations like we're having tonight
this is why it's important with
Starbucks is doing this why is support
what we're doing on the air because she
said it could happen again it may have
happen and someone didn't videotape it
and if we don't put a spotlight on it it
doesn't force some institutions to deal
that's what a lot of people say to me
why do you March you just want publicity
that's exactly what I want I want to put
in this
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
