thing one tonight I promise you has a
happy ending but it sure does not start
out that way
yesterday in Ukraine reports of a
horrible murder officials announced that
prominent Russian dissident journalists
arkady bob chenko who fled his country
last year had been shot in the back
multiple times as he left his Kiev
apartment his wife found him in a pool
of blood
and Bob chenko died in an ambulance on
the way to the hospital a reaction the
news was Swift
Ukrainian Prime Minister blamed the
Kremlin for Bob Jenkins death suggesting
he was killed for being a critic of
Putin Russian Foreign Minister Sergei
Lavrov shot back saying the allegation
was nonsense and it was a tragedy
meanwhile Bob chicos wife and children
mourned memorials were erected
condolences flowing in from all over the
world until today when Bob chenko walked
into a press conference in Kiev and
that's thing too in 60 seconds it was an
absolutely incredible scene in Kiev when
journalist Arkady babichenko who had
supposedly been murdered yesterday
showed up at a press conference today
wait a second so what the heck actually
happened here the details are a little
sketchy still Bob Janko explained that
his murder had been staged as part of a
month-long operation by Ukraine security
services to thwart a plot to kill Bob
Janko that they say came from Russia
it's unclear why they had to go to such
dramatic lengths to do that but they did
apparently catch one suspect releasing
this video of the arrest of a Ukrainian
citizen who they said was recruited by
Russia to find someone to carry out pub
Kinkos murder it's also unclear why it
was necessary for Bob janko's own family
to be convinced that he was dead but he
apologized profusely to his wife today
who had found him yesterday
pretend shot and pretend dead he said he
had no choice but Renko said he plans to
live to the age of 96 and I have a
feeling he'll continue apologizing to
his wife every day until then hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
