or our breaking news tonight from the
Washington Post is that the Post is
reporting that the crown prince of Saudi
Arabia Muhammad bin salam quote ordered
an operation to lure Washington Post
columnist Jamal khashoggi back to Saudi
Arabia from his home in Virginia and
then detain him according to US
intelligence intercepts of Saudi
officials discussing the plan the u.s.
intelligence intercepts of the Saudi
officials plan raised the question of
whether the Trump administration was
obligated to warn Jamal khashoggi that
he was in danger from the Saudi regime
there is no doubt now just how much
danger Khashoggi faced he entered the
Saudi Consul consulate in Istanbul in
Turkey last week and he never came up he
has not been seen since Jamal khashoggi
is a Saudi Arabian dissident who has
been living in the United States in a
self-imposed exile and writing opinion
columns for The Washington Post he has
applied for US citizenship and was
visiting Turkey last week in order to
prepare all the necessary paperwork for
his upcoming marriage to his fiancee who
lives in Istanbul they plan to be
married and split their time between
Washington and Istanbul Jamal khashoggi
needed some Saudi documents for his
upcoming marriage and so he made an
appointment to visit the Saudi consulate
in Istanbul on October 2nd his fiance
waited outside the consulate when he
went inside they were gonna go shopping
for appliances for their new home after
what they thought would be a short visit
to the consulate after three hours with
no sign of Jamal Khashoggi leaving the
consulate his fiance got worried and
checked with some people inside who told
her that he left already and she must
have missed him
which would mean standing there outside
the consulate waiting
they are anxiously for her fiance to
come out she simply missed him walking
out the door and for some reason he
decided to walk right past her he has
been missing ever since and there is now
a report from unnamed Turkish officials
saying that
he was murdered in that consulate by a
team of 15 saudis who flew to istanbul
on two different private planes a video
camera recorded Khashoggi entering the
consulate at 1:14 p.m. but there is no
video of him exiting the consulate this
is the kind of thing that any past
president of the United States would be
actively pressuring Saudi Arabia on but
Donald Trump's son-in-law has a new best
friend in Saudi Arabia the Jared Kushner
of Saudi Arabia the 33 year old Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salam like all
dictators around the world who have
heard the President of the United States
call the press the enemy of the people
the Saudi dictatorial regime of course
believes that such enemies of the people
should be executed and as far as they
can tell the President of the United
States has absolutely no objection to
that tonight the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee has sent a letter to
the President signed by every member of
the committee except of course Ron Paul
demanding an investigation of the
disappearance and possible murder of
Jamal khashoggi during our discussion
now Ned price former senior director and
spokesperson for the National Security
Council in the Obama administration of
former CIA analyst and Jonathan Capehart
opinion writer for The Washington Post
and host of WN by NYC radios America on
the line they're both MSNBC contributors
and Ned your reaction to this latest
reporting from The Washington Post
saying that American intelligence
intercepts have captured Saudi officials
discussing a plan to detain Michelle be
well in some ways Lawrence this
underscores our worst fear in the
intelligence community there's something
known as intelligence community
directive 191 and it requires that the
intelligence community provide as you
said a duty to warn to both US citizens
and non-us citizens alike in three
scenarios in the threat of murder and
the threat of bodily harm and in the
threat of yes yes kidnapping so the fact
that Jamal khashoggi entered the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul Turkey seemingly
unafraid seemingly unconcerned with his
own safety
just that did not happen I can tell you
when I was at CIA that was pretty
automatic this provision of duty to warn
to potential victims of such crimes in
this case if that did not happen it
raises profound questions and I think a
lot of those questions Center on this
administration's extraordinarily close
if not airtight relationship with Saudi
Arabia that has centered around Jared
Kushner it reminds me of reporting we
saw earlier this year Lawrence that
Jared in his travel in his discussions
with the Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman late last year provided the crown
prince with US intelligence about
targets for ace for a forthcoming Saudi
purge that was then carried out a week
after Jared left Saudi Arabia if Jared
was willing to provide intelligence to
the Saudi Crown Prince I think we have
reason at least to be suspicious of the
possibility that the administration
prohibited the intelligence community
from fulfilling its solemn duty in this
case and Jonathan this is a Washington
Post story this is one of the people who
works as a relationship with your
newspaper an opinion writer for your
newspaper what what has the post been
able to do the post has been able to at
least as an institution raise hell in
all quarters where they can where we can
raise hell whether it's through the
administration the Saudis the Turks
anyone who who will listen because and
this is normally a thing where the
Washington Post would have a receptive
ear at the State Department and at the
White House right and in fact it you
wouldn't have to demand that the
President of the United States say
something that the administration would
say something about not just the
disappearance and possible murder of
somebody someone who is living in the
United States but also a journalist
freedom is like the bedrock of American
democracy freedom of the press is
essential journalists are the only
journalism is the only profession
protected in the Constitution we are a
beacon for other nations around the
world because of freedom of the press of
the the
verne willing to be held accountable
that the governing being willing to be
held accountable by the people through
the press and the fact that a journalist
and opinion writer for a major American
newspaper has gone missing and possibly
murdered and there is relative silence
from the President of the United States
and the administration is chilling and
and you know the fact that we're talking
about Jamal khashoggi should remind
everyone about the perils of being a
journalist as Americans we're not used
to this journalist covers stories and
cover politicians and cover the powerful
all the time and the fact that we're
talking about Jamal khashoggi right now
shows that the perils of holding the
powerful accountable and he's not the
only one I want to raise another issue
here because the president has talked
about the press as being the enemy of
the people and we've been saying how
that must sound to other countries
around the world especially the more
dictatorial regimes and shahe dual alam
is being held by Bangladeshi authorities
who grabbed him in August he's still in
detention he has been jailed now for
several weeks and and he's a
photographer there there are British
protests trying to bring attention to
his case but Ned this is one of the
things that we have seen we've actually
been kind of anticipating what are these
kinds of countries with these sort of
police State apparatuses are going to do
in an atmosphere where Donald Trump
unleashes this license that these people
are the enemy of the people well that's
right Lawrence as Americans we like to
brag and to crow that our president is
the leader of the free world he's an
object of emulation and a source of
inspiration but in this case he is
playing that role for some of the most
egregious despots around the world and
we've seen the results of that before
our very eyes and in public look at
Bashar al-assad he has used the term
fake news to within his own country
within his own context Victor Urban the
increasingly autocratic leader of
Hungary has has called the main hung
garyun opposition paper a fake news
factory the Kremlin it excuse me the the
Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs has
a site dedicated on its website where it
takes primarily Western press reports
and puts a big red fake label on top of
them these countries and these leaders
are emulating President Trump and they
see that he is giving him and them
license it's not only his rhetoric
Lawrence but it's also his failure to
act it's his failure to act to call out
civil rights and and civil liberties and
human rights around the globe just as he
cozies up with autocrats and despots and
just look at Kim jong-un just look at
his love fest with Duterte with LCC of
Egypt and the list goes on and we end
with Mohammed bin Salman perhaps there's
no greater friend of Jared Kushner and
Donald Trump then Mohammed bin Salman
who according to this Washington Post
piece may be behind what sounds like it
could be an egregious and horrific crime
and Jonathan Capehart
if there is to be the kind of
investigation that the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee is demanding it may
well be that the name Jared Kushner
comes up in that investigation because
Jared Krishna has had phone calls with
the crown prince that are not monitored
that are not don't go through the normal
security checks and there may be some
discoveries are there that could be very
uncomfortable for Jared Kushner right
that's assuming that the assuming the
administration goes along assuming the
administration hands over the
information that's needed to carry out a
real investigation up until this moment
Republicans on Capitol Hill have been
unbelievably compliant with any of the
wishes from the administration it'd be
very interesting to see how the
administration responds to this and one
other thing there are two reporters from
Reuters who were arrested in Myanmar who
have been in jail for three hundred and
three days since December of 2017 so
journalists are being arrested around
the world this case of jamal Khashoggi
hits close to home because he was a
global opinions writer at the washington
post
yeah and just go back to Shahed rule
the reason he was arrested in Bangladesh
is that he criticized the government's
reaction and handling of protests this
is exactly what you would want the media
and the press to be able to do in any
country and Ned this is this is the kind
of thing that that they have every right
to believe Donald Trump would encourage
just go ahead shut these people down if
they criticize the government well
that's absolutely that's absolutely
right and in fact he has in some cases
it's been explicit as with he as when he
tells you today that he loves the way
that he's handling the crime problem and
the drug problem in his own countries
and in some cases it's implicit the fact
that the US government does not weigh in
when these things happen look Laurence
it is even broader than freedom of the
press and are standing up for human
rights and civil liberties around the
globe I think what we've seen is an
abdication of leadership from this
admitted administration that has given
rise to some of the worst impulses of
some of the worst regimes around the
world we've talked about the Saudis
potential even apparent murder of this
US resident and Washington Post
columnist Jamal khashoggi but we can
also cite Moscow's use of chemical
weapons on British soil we can we can
talk about a whole number of examples of
regimes acting on these worst impulses
to include the Chinese arresting the
head of Interpol just in recent days
they do this I think at least in part
knowing that they have impunity because
America is no longer willing to stand up
is no longer willing to criticize and is
no longer willing to act on the side of
human rights and civil liberties and the
values that we've always stood for and
John Kay Parker is just so heartbreaking
to read khashoggi zeon says op-ed piece
describing standing out there on the
sidewalk waiting for him to come out and
now she's pleading with President Trump
for his intervention here that's going
to be a
tough tough plea to make to this
president yes because it requires him to
feel empathy yes over the last almost
two years we have seen time and time
again that the President of the United
States lacks empathy the idea that he
could possibly be a consoler in chief
potentially for Jamaal khashoggi z'
fiance is something that I can't even
contemplate and while she put this plea
in print and it was important that she
put it in print it is my sincerest hope
in prayer that her words are heated by
someone in the administration someone in
that West Wing that can get it through
to the President of the United States
that damn it he should care about this
net price Jonathan Capehart thank you
for starting our discussion tonight
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
