now we turn to a special report and
discussion on a political trap deployed
by Trump and many other agitators as
well as how to avoid it I'm talking
about trolling the tactic of doing
something in order to just upset other
people days after the election comedian
Dave Chappelle captured our new era life
under a commander and troll but America
has done it we've actually we've
actually elected an internet troll with
our president Trump didn't invent
trolling just like he didn't coin make
America great again he stole that from
Reagan but Trump copies the internet
trolling style and he applies it to
politics which is a natural fit for a
Twitter obsessed reality star more
interested in reaction and attention
than any particular policy or substance
now this has consequences for our
politics because one Trump's better at
trolling and many of his opponents and
he uses it against them to trolling
works by tricking people and exploiting
their overreaction it works less when
people properly identify the trolls in
their midst and three trolling is
devastating for the media for us because
the media tends to cover conflict and
emotion more than stories where everyone
agrees or there's no exciting debate so
tonight we want to explore this problem
and the solutions trolling is basically
rooted in the pranks and internet
culture of the 90s it refers to making
offensive comments not because you
believe them but to upset other people
Trump has trolled his whole career and
some have started to notice his
political trolling I think he's what
they call trolling I think he's kind of
messing with them sort of jangling a
stick in their cage to get him freaked
out his goal was to troll the press
meaning to inflame the national press
corps ratha is the world's biggest troll
everybody falls to earth every day
looks line & sinker some trolling can be
low stakes like random Frank's internet
headlines are links that go to the wrong
content think of Rick rolls
there's trolling where people take
pleasure in acting out without expecting
a response like trolling celebrities
even if they probably won't see the
comments something Jimmy Kimmel has had
his fun with another type of trolling is
confrontational tricking or baiting
one for an almost guaranteed reaction
like MTV's Punk'd Ashton Kutcher showed
us all how lovable he is or before the
internet that were prank calls or the
kind of relentless workplace trolling
the gym practice in the office hold on
hold on judges in session what is the
problem here you put my stuff in jello
again how do you know it was me which
can be fun political trolling is a
little different because it exploits
political differences to present
different messages to different
ideological audiences through the same
single act of trolling take Trump's
infamous Cinco de Mayo tweet which
promoted Trump Tower taco bowls and said
quote I love Hispanics you're looking at
classic trolling right there the pic
says one thing to Trump's base who liked
his message and they liked even more how
it will certainly make his critics heads
explode earnest reactions to this kind
of thing risk falling into the trolling
trap everyone lecturing Trump about how
that was the wrong way to do Cinco de
Mayo are giving him the negative
attention that the trolling needs to be
effective so critics are sometimes
caught between normalizing the behavior
and overreacting to it Sarah Palin posed
that challenge with her trolling on
topics ranging from one politicians ban
on sugary drinks to the media
how are you here later I gotta ask some
supporters of all that how's that Hopi
changing stuff working out for you join
me in telling the lamestream media then
that we wear your scorn with pride scorn
Palin tapping into the core of trolling
it's not about just being liked by your
side it's earning the scorn of the other
side as proof of your potency in your
power and your relevance it's not a
strategy born of real goals like passing
a bill or forging world peace it's a
strategy born of strife upset your
opponent's enough and you must be
winning
you know the cliche about Trump back
during the campaign was that no gaffe
seems to stick to him but that took his
words at face value when you see his
words as pure trolling designed to only
be over the top and draw scorn well it
all looks a little different you've
called women you don't like fat pigs
dogs slobs and disgusting animals your
Twitter account totally Rosie O'Donnell
he's the war hero because he was
captured I like people that weren't
captured okay I hate to tell you the
ms-13 lover Nancy Pelosi
now this link between Trump style and
trolling is not just an observation
tonight Trump's campaign was boosted by
trolls his supporters organized on
forums like Reddit and 4chan they talked
about Trump as the ultimate human troll
who would enrage the nation Trump's
campaign chief Steve ban and said he
tried to recruit young men upset about
gamergate and other online battles to
harness their energy for Trump he argued
Trump's style worked perfectly for that
and I'm quoting he said that Trump was
like the famous honey badger meme Trump
don't care now there are tactics for
dealing with trolls the old saying
online of course is don't feed the
trolls because that's literally the only
thing they want some of that applies to
Trump so that's part of the answer just
because Trump's president doesn't mean
every slur or tweet has to be discussed
and debated or fed but it's not only a
binary choice between feet or ignored
there's also context here because the
very culture and language of our
politics is changing was all the way
back in 1962 the Daniel Boorstin wrote a
book about pseudo events in America
arguing that corporations and
politicians were improving their
propaganda by confusing the public on
the difference between actual
developments and the manufactured
content posing as a development you know
that once described an emerging tactic
now it feels like our entire pseudo
reality I'm joined by Salons amanda
marcotte author of the book troll nation
and former clinton campaign aide Jess
McIntosh well this is exactly what my
books about I would say it's an
interesting thing I think one of the
reasons that trolling this kind of risen
on the right and has i in fact i think
i'd argue completely taken over their
rhetoric is that they've lost the
argument in a lot of ways you know they
they don't want to have real debates
they don't want to have these kinds of
interesting debates that you say we've
lost in our politics they want instead
to have a bunch of spectacles because
spectacles are all about emotion they're
not about rationality they're not about
logic and there's certainly not about
evidence and so Donald Trump is kind of
the perfect epitome of that kind of way
of arguing because he makes everything
and emotion and rhetoric and nothing
about evidence and nothing about debate
yeah absolutely and I think that what's
happening today is the logical extension
of what Lee Atwater and Newt Gingrich
started in the Republican Party in the
80s and 90s when they decided that
rather than fight on the merits of a
conservative strategy which favored
individualism and tax reform that was
gonna benefit the wealthy because they
believe in trickle-down rather than
making those arguments they decided that
they were going to play to a Southern
Strategy and inflamed the racist face
that they were going to win on that by
calling their Newt Gingrich circulated a
series of words to talk about your
opponents to call them bizarre to call
them weirdos say there were anti flag
even this was the beginning of it and
that really solidified this Republican
idea that they were going to fight on
that front rather than have an
intellectually honest argument because I
think they know that they can't win an
intellectually honest argument because
their policies don't benefit most of
America so logically what happens after
decades of this is that they elect an
actual honest-to-god troll at this point
it's totally out of their hands they
have they have fed these trolls for so
long that they got to big and strong and
now they're in charge and now there's no
way to take it back
so what do you do besides starving the
troll of attention well I think it's a
too simplistic thing to say start the
troll of attention I think because that
implies to a certain extent that they're
only doing this for attention I would
say you know for instance when Donald
Trump says something racist that
inflames people's passions he does mean
it and a lot of these trolls mean the
vile things they say even as they're
there simultaneously meaning it but also
trying to provoke people so we have to
react with that knowledge in mind and
what I recommend most of the time when
people ask me about this is that we even
learned to not ignore them but to try
and go around them and I think that the
Parkland students a really good example
of people that know how to do this they
they acknowledged the trolling you
comments they acknowledge the NRS
arguments but they do the talk to the
hand maneuver and they kind of just keep
on moving and keep on making their
arguments and I think that's the best
way to do it is acknowledge but in a
sort of abrupt you know your full way
and then make your argument I think it's
directly related to the power that the
troll has if somebody you know if
somebody was 64 followers jumps into
your mentions and says something mean
probably just ignore that because it's a
waste of your time
if the troll in question is the leader
of the free world the commander in chief
and in charge of what happens to your
federal tax dollars and military then
that's something we should probably take
the time to contextualise what is that
when you saw Marco Rubio and Elizabeth
Warren both turned to the juvenile
insults that Trump had used which didn't
seem to work for them the way it worked
for him yeah I mean the fact of the
matter is if you don't have the guts to
do it if there's nothing if you don't
have that meanness of soul that Donald
Trump has to sort of sell it people
aren't going to buy it there's an
authenticity to that kind of troll
you're saying is not that is he being a
huge jerk you also have to play to the
base that's going to care about your
jerkiness like Elizabeth Warren's fans
aren't waiting for her to come on it was
all she talked about his small hands
right like care about that no and
neither do the people who love her they
actually love her for the issues that
she champions for the intellectually
honest argument that she was trying what
about the culture and this is actually
our headline under this segment right
now is everyone mean now there's that
part of this that the Internet while
it's a place for diversification and
people who don't have access to
traditional corporate platforms can
speak and there's all this podcast
interesting stuff going on but there's
an incredible amount of runaway meanness
I think that that's true but I also
think that can be a little bit overrated
you know and then I write about this in
my book I think that a lot of this goes
back to talk radio I think it goes back
to Fox News I think it goes back to a
culture of trolling that was really kind
of created in right-wing media long
before people had the Internet and I
think that it meshed well with the 4chan
trolling culture but I don't necessarily
think that it came from it and I think
it has a lot more to do with where the
American right
now emotionally and logically and
rationally than anything else hey I'm
already Melvin from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
