breaking news related to the obstruction
investigation the New York Times is
tonight reported Deputy Attorney her
deputy director Andrew McCabe wrote a
memo documenting the details of James
commis firing from the FAA in May of
last year according to brand-new Times
report tonight McCabe described a
conversation at the Justice Department
with the Deputy Attorney General rod
Rosen's time most significantly in the
meeting at the just mark mr. Rosas line
added a new to tell he said the
president that would be Trump had
originally asked him to reference Russia
in his memo firing Comey I'm doing that
by Carolyn police C criminal defense
attorney and Betsy Woodruff political
report with The Daily Beast and MSNBC
contributor well Carol I want to start
with you in this law here now we find
out that the president wanted to fire
company on the grounds that he wanted he
was concerned about the aggressive
Russian and probe in other words he did
it to protect himself to obstruct
justice this is clearly clearly it seems
to me close to the smoking gun of
obstruction well if you're talking about
the the question to ask sessions to go
back on his refusal I don't know if
that's going to be the smoking gun so
I'm talking about the smoking gun that
we now found out that McCabe is saying
the roses time was told by Trump the
president I states did that he wanted
Comey fired because of the Russian probe
the brewery thing he's he's being probed
on he wanted stop that's car obstruction
right well I think it does highlight the
precarious nature that Rosenstein has
been in throughout the duration of this
case of course he wrote the now largely
considered pretextual memorandum of
saying that you know he was recommending
the firing of James Comey because of the
way he handled the Hillary Clinton email
scandal we know that's not true we know
that President Trump then went on Lester
Holt right thereafter saying that it was
because of the Russia thing the question
is you know Rosen Stein may where he
very well be a witness in this
investigation and and people have known
that for a while now but I think that
the the feeling was that he was better
than you know whatever potential
alternative there may be but now I think
with this news we may be seeing that he
very well may have to recuse himself
from this position as well it is a
bombshell
well again as I like to say I'm not a
lawyer Betsy but I do know what common
sense tells me now obstructing justice
and attempt to use your position to
prevent you the regular wheels of
justice to turn against you and so you
decide things like I'm going to get rid
of Comey and then you tell Rosa Steiner
oversees this matter it's deputy AG and
you say the reason I want to get rid of
come he's investigating me on the
Russian probe
I think that's obstruction there's a
really deep and rich irony here
according to this New York Times story
the conversation that the President had
with rod Rosen Stein they cite one
source briefed on that conversation
essentially said the president told
Rosen Stein I want you to say in your
letter about the firing of Comey that
I'm not under investigation the irony of
course is that now the president is
under investigation and everything that
he did everything that he said that
related to the Comey firing that related
to the pressure that he put on Rosen
Stein to fire Comey is now part of the
investigation and is now causing trouble
for hey imagine the scripting right now
a Caroline of a report from Robert Moore
it may come out before the fall may come
out any time we don't know we have to
rely on Rudy Giuliani to tell us what's
coming I know it's absurd suppose it
says that the president tried to get his
AG attorney general Jeff Sessions to
take him back into the action and take
over the Prussian probe because didn't
like the way it was being handled so he
wanted to pick the prosecutor in this
case he didn't want anybody recused
himself and then you find out he fired
Comey mainly because he didn't like the
Russian probe itself and I don't know
how this doesn't become blatantly
obstructionist well it is a really
remarkable ask on the part of Trump to
take back that recusal I don't think
there was a single person out there that
could you know fault Jeff Sessions for
his recusal he by all accounts follow
Department of Justice guidelines on sort
of the parameters for that recusal he
was told by career prosecutors in the
Justice Department that because he
misstated about his contacts with
Russians given that information he
needed he really needed to recuse
himself from the entirety of this
investigation even I think Elizabeth
Warren praised him for his actions which
you know was was was quite shocking
by all accounts so I agree that you know
this could be part of a larger piece of
the puzzle when when Muller
look
at an obstructionist view when you start
with the the oath of loyalty he asked
for Comey the the seeing through seeing
if he could let the Flynn thing grow go
and then of course the firing of James
Comey look when you when you talk about
Criminal Investigations you always have
to go to a state of mind this gets
further and further into the president's
State of Mind at the time he's doing
everything he can to you know throw sand
in the eyes of any investigators in this
in this instance well Carolyn you say
piece of the puzzle I was thinking of
the old Polaroid thing we did by the
print and it would it would gradually
come to you as you watch it it would
come in to pay at appearance this is
coming into appearances obstruction an
interview with the New York Times in
July of last year the president said
explicitly that session should not have
recused himself and then he wouldn't
have appointed him in the first place if
he'd known he would here he goes
sessions gets the job well associative
and if he was going to review some stuff
he should have told me before he took
the job however was obvious to many from
day one that sessions as a former Trump
advisor during the election would not be
able to oversee any investigation of the
president's campaign because it was part
of it the code of federal regulations on
refusal makes clear that no employee
shall participate in the criminal
investigation or prosecution if he has a
personal or political relationship with
any personal organization substantially
involved in the conduct that is the
subject of the investigation
Betsy you don't have to be a lawyer to
understand that it says you can't
investigate yourself it's pretty simple
it's extremely straight for Trump wants
to do it he wants Roy Cohn back he talks
about how much he had like.he so fine
that the idea the alluring idea of
having a crook like Cohn as your AG
that's what he wants one thing Trump
said about Roy Cohn was and off to
paraphrase here is all I can tell you
about him is that he's done cruel things
to people in protection of me Trump
wants someone who's going to be a
fighter he wants somebody who'd be
willing to try to break the once a
fixture exactly that's what he was there
as one but in sessions he got the polar
opposite well it's sort of a Beckett
sort of figure he created somebody that
was going to challenge him and another
today Michael avenatti he's amazing the
lawyer representing stormy Daniels said
that Michael Cohen's attorney today
confirmed in court that Cohen kept tape
recordings of his phone calls
he also said on MSNBC that those
recordings captured conversations
between Cohen and now President Donald J
Trump I have every reason to believe Ari
that these recordings that were seized
by the FBI which Michael Cohen is and
his attorneys have a copy of include
recordings between Michael Cohen and the
President of the United States as well
as others I know for a fact that Donald
Trump is on at least one of these
recordings Ari I'm not gonna get how do
you know that I'm not gonna get into the
details of how I know that all you are
so would you say that in court
absolutely well this comes as NBC News
reports that prosecutors in that Cohen
Michael Cohen case are also piecing
together
shredded documents that were seized in
the FBI's rate back to you Carolina I
have to ask you about under the
recording oh I got to keep up this
refresh myself New York is that one
person has to agree to it are both
parties and recording telephone
conversations I believe it's a single
state meeting all only one person has
elected a Cohen was taping conversations
with the now president it√≠d States to
what purpose would a lawyer want to tape
his client it's it's beyond me I think
you know everybody has been pointing out
that that is sort of bad practice when
it comes to just just being an attorney
I will say that I was in that courtroom
today in the Southern District of New
York and judge would judge Kimbell would
really took Michael avenatti to task he
certainly did not say that he believed
that that President Trump was on those
recordings I know that there after you
know he went up to the podium after to
to sort of give a give a press statement
he he'd he's dubbing these the Trump
tapes but by all indications the only
thing he said in court that day was that
they were recordings of Keith Davidson
and Michael Cohen pertaining to this
issue around the $130,000 hush money
payment to his client Stephanie Clifford
who is obviously stormy Daniels so you
know I don't know why all of a sudden
Michael avenatti is stating that he
knows definitively that that Trump is on
one side of those tapes at this point
when he wasn't wouldn't say it in court
today
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to
the videos were putting out you can
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
