today Kim kardashian-west will be at the
White House to discuss the prison reform
system was senior advisor Jared Kushner
you didn't hear that wrong Jeff sessions
on the outs Kardashian on the in
according to Vanity Fair
the reality star daughter of famed OJ
Simpson lawyer Robert Kardashian has
been in talks about the visit for
several months now after advocating for
a 62 year old woman in prison on a life
sentence since 1996 for a nonviolent
drug offense Alice Murray Johnson was
given the draconian sentence for her
first offense after admitting she acted
as a go-between in drug deals though she
allegedly never sold any drugs herself
while the case is certainly unusual a
new study out from Harvard University
highlights both gender and racial
disparities in the criminal justice
system let's take a look at these
numbers Harvard researchers found they
followed 1,400 judges for 15 years
examining the sentencing of more than
half a million defendants and in our
system of justice those sentences are
supposed to be handed out by impartial
judges there's no such thing as a
republican judge or a democratic judge
we just have judges in this country
while justice Neel gore such as words
might be what aspired this country in
the beginning the new data shows that
judges appointed by Republican
presidents handed down sentences on
average two point four months longer
than those appointed by Democratic
presidents
in gender terms women offenders were
given sentences more than 12 months
shorter than men with similar offenses
and breaking it down by race black
defendants on average get four point
eight months more than defendants of
other races with similar offenses and
judges appointed by Republican
presidents tended to give black
defendants sentences
three months longer than white
defendants convicted of similar crimes
the longer sentences compound the larger
issue that black inmates make up thirty
seven point nine percent of the prison
population according to the Federal
Bureau of Prisons despite only making up
13.3% of the u.s. population the study
also found that black judges tend to
treat men and
defendants more eco to equitably than
their white colleagues and the more
experienced a judge has the less likely
they are to treat women and black
defendants differently than their male
or white counterparts and in a very sad
but unsurprising finding judges in
states with higher rates of racism
measured by popular support against
interracial marriage tended to give
black defendants harsher sentences than
it did white defendants and here's where
all of this intersects with voting in
2017 about 34 percent of federal judges
were appointed by Republican presidents
but with president Trump's quick
nominations and as the Senate's quick
confirmation process for most the number
is estimated to rise by 50% to 2020
joining me now new york times reporter
adam libtech and john l jackson jr dean
of the school of social diplomacy and
practice at the university of
pennsylvania adam to you first you wrote
about this study for the times what
stuck out to you the most because you
can take your feelings aside and let's
get down to numbers yes so it's an
enormous study they looked at half a
million sentences some of it confirms
what we already know as you were saying
Stephanie that black defendants do worse
before judges of all political
affiliations and that's terrible but
it's not particularly new what was new
in this study is that there's a
disproportionate effect among Republican
appointed judges and these are federal
judges these are serious people who on
average give black defendants
substantially longer sentences than
democratic appointed judges and that's a
startling finding John we like to think
that judges are neutral parties only
interested in justice but these numbers
tell us different what can we really do
to get closer to that ideal fair justice
for all I know last week a step was
moved forward with regard to prison
reform but what really can be done here
so this study is I think it's a step in
the right direction because the first
thing we have to come to terms with in
my opinion is just recognizing what the
data shows us and so even if people are
trying to be
fare adjudicators there's a way in which
the assumptions we make about race the
way in which race thinking informs the
other ways in which we see the world is
always going to impact even when we're
trying to be impartial and so I think I
would stress the fact that it isn't
necessarily that people are intending to
make these differentiations it's so much
about how we incorporate a common sense
understanding of race into the other
decisions we make on the bench and other
places that we often can't control or
anticipate so if you're talking
unconscious bias which think about the
timing just yesterday
Starbucks took on this issue head-on
Adam you practice law for more than 10
years what is your take on moving toward
a more fair sentencing system well I
think Dean Jackson is exactly right
what needs to be done is for people to
confront these numbers look them square
in the face and try to make sense of
them try to to adjust to them try to be
aware of what are the factors beyond the
strictly legal sentencing factors the
judges look at to get at the correct
sentence it's a funny balance because on
the one hand judges shouldn't be robots
they should take account of the human
being in front of them and they should
make the correct sentencing decision on
the other hand they need to be aware of
the unconscious things that might be
swaying them in an inappropriate
direction all right John let's talk
about cases like Alice Johnson's I mean
are they largely products of the
mandatory minimum sentence when I hear
about a 62 year old woman who was the
middleman and she's serving a life
sentence and albeit maybe she will be
pardoned today kim kardashian is is is
on a mission but how does sentences like
this happen I mean I do think there's a
way in which it's almost like we're
caught between a rock and a hard place
because you both want to give judges
discretion but you recognize for all the
reasons that I think the study helps us
to focus on that if you if you're not
careful we reproduce a lot of the kinds
of inequities we want to imagine our
legal justice system our criminal
justice system to be able to
educate and so I'm what I hope we can at
least take from this study that's
somewhat positive is that the more
training the longer the judges on the
bench we do seem to see some indication
that they're able to push back against
these tendencies but it doesn't mean I
think trying to work really hard every
single day to unlearn some of what we
take for granted about race and gender
and how these categories intersect how
do you feel about the steps taken last
week with regard to prison reform I know
it hasn't made it through the Senate yet
but do you consider it a good first step
John I mean I think as long as we're
trying to talk honestly as a society
about how to reimagine recalibrate our
approach to criminal justice I think
we're in the game and we have to stay in
the game stay thoughtful and keep as
many different perspectives in the
conversation as possible to get it right
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
