president Trump ramping up the rhetoric
on immigration as he stumps for the
midterm elections during a campaign
rally in Nashville for a publican
congresswoman Marsha Blackburn who's
running for senator bob Corker seat he
told the crowd they need to turnout for
the midterms or risk the safety of the
nation he also defended his use of the
word animals to describe gang members I
have to listen to Pelosi in these people
saying we have to respect them they're
human beings and not human beings
they're not given
and this is why we call the bloodthirsty
ms-13 gang members exactly the name that
I used last week what was the name
President Trump used the word animals
I'm going to use the word liar he was in
his element at that rally and he lied to
the people in that arena and to America
several times so for facts sake let's
clear up a few things here's what the
President of the United States said
about job creation if we would have said
that before the election that I'm going
to create 3.3 million new jobs we would
never have survived the onslaught from
the fake news they would not have
accepted it they wouldn't have accepted
they would have said there's no way you
can do that it was very possible his
claim would have been accepted because
there were three point nine million jobs
created in the 18 months before the day
President Trump was elected next up
president Trump's comments on wages
wages for the first time in many many
years are finally going up wages are
going up wages going up and they're
going up fast no sir they're not going
up fast they are going up making you a
liar
according to the Bureau of Labor
Statistics wages started increasing by
more than two percent a year back in
2014 obvious slow too slow for many of
us and now to Trump's comments about
border crossings we're not gonna let
what's happened over the last long
period of time it's been going on for a
long time
we have borders down 40% and it's tough
because our economy is doing so well
more people try and get in according to
PolitiFact and the new york times border
crossings were down only about 18
percent in 2017 and were actually up two
percent this past April President Trump
also brought up the border wall with
Mexico we need a wall we're going to get
the wall we've already started doing it
we've started that wall we have 1.6
billion for the wall we've started the
wall in the end Mexico's gonna pay for
the wall I've just telling that it is
true 1.6 billion dollars has been
approved for the wall but right now only
prototypes are being tested and there
has not been any actual construction and
PS Mexico's president tweeted last night
quote Mexico
will never pay for the wall not now not
ever sincerely Mexico parenthesis all of
us so there's a lot of fact-checking
today about one of Trump's statements
about african-american voters please
listen to what is African Americans vote
for Democrats for the most part you know
vast majority they've been doing it for
over a hundred years hmm well the 15th
amendment gave African American men the
right to vote states and cities
used a variety of tactics to keep them
from actually going to the polls the
Voting Rights Act of 1965 not a hundred
years ago changed all of that ensuring
no government would be able to impede
anyone from voting because of race that
of course was 63 years ago finally
President Trump said the nation's
standing in the world has increased our
country is respected again all over the
world we're not making apologies we're
not making excuses were respected again
as a country
brother please in fact a report out last
year from Pew Research found the global
view of the United States has gone down
since President Trump was elected on a
bring and bill kristol founder an editor
of The Weekly Standard Bill I get it
this is classic Trump and the
fact-checking machine is working
overdrive today busting all of these
lives that he told but where's the
Republican Party mainstream Republicans
who watch that who listened to it
there's no fake news media here those
are straight-up lies the President of
the United States told the American
people where's Paul Ryan and Mitch
McConnell yeah well that's a good
question I do think actually though
things are beginning to break I've been
extremely disappointed that the
Republican Party is accommodative Sidda
least acquiesced in rationalised Donald
Trump so many elected officials some of
the others but I do think trey gowdy
last night in this morning coming out
and saying look the FBI investigation
was reasonable that was launched for
2016 is a big moment I mean County is a
conservative Republican kind of a hero
of Republicans when he led the Benghazi
investigation a hero of anti-hillary
anti Obama Republicans for him to come
out and say that he's well respected
among other House Republicans he can't
be dismissed as someone who was just a
kind of liberal Republican who doesn't
like Trump I think that's a moment I've
been talking to a fair amount of
business for a number of businessman
recently I think on some of these issues
on trade they're genuinely rattled now
by Trump's policies Mexico what he said
you you fact check the Mexico thing we
think what he's the step back and take a
broader look at that Mexico has an
election coming up pretty soon the
leading candidate is a someone a
populist who's benefiting from Mexicans
unhappiness of being attacked constantly
by Trump isn't fairly anti-american
populist Trump could well cause a much
more hostile Mexican government to come
into being in Mexico than we've had over
the in recent the last couple of decades
actually that's a real consequence
that's not just lying I hate to say just
lie but that's not just getting
something wrong or misleading the
American people it's actually damaging
our national interest so I and people
are sensing that I think foreign policy
types in the Republican Party so I think
that's a little bit finally maybe of a
break among parts of the Republican
Party from
well what rattles a trump voter because
put politics aside many people voted for
President Trump because they wanted
something else and when I just went over
some of those lies when he's talking
about the beautiful economy we know that
business sentiment is up consumer
confidence is up but preaching about
wages we just continue to lag we gave
this massive corporate tax cut and very
few companies have actually put forth
wages and real hiring programs and if he
causes a trade war and you see soybean
farmers lose their biggest customer
which is China China ain't coming back
they're gonna buy those soybeans from
South America indefinitely when does the
Trump voter start to realize the lie so
I think about half the Trump voters are
just you know bought in and they want to
believe in Trump and it's gonna be an
awfully take it off a big shock in the
real world dislodge them about half the
Trump voters were reluctant on voters
they didn't vote for Trump in the
primary when asked they say they
somewhat approve of Trump they don't
strongly approve of Trump I think for
them the moment of truth is a day after
election day this year November 7th 2018
when suddenly it's not about justifying
your vote it's not about pushing back
against people like you who are
lecturing them that they were wrong as
they see it you know people like me
obviously it's about what do you want
going forward at that point these
reluctant Trump supporters have to have
to tell them they have to face the
question are you comfortable with Trump
for another four years maybe we'll make
it through these four years maybe the
lies and everything else we'll sort of
have a decent economy no foreign policy
disasters the maybe we'll make it
through these these four years without
any great disaster the country the
institutions will hold up are you
comfortable in another four years so I
think it's unrealistic to expect too
many Trump voters to jump ship absent
some big world developments in the next
few months I think the moment they pivot
is after election day this year when it
becomes a question about the future and
that's why people like me are so concern
to try to lay the groundwork for a
Republican challenge to Trump I mean he
can be defeated in a general election
but if you care about the Republican
Party if you think it's good for the
country to have too healthy too healthy
political parties it'll be good also to
have a serious challenge to trump on the
Republican side
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that
and down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
