so story Mika mention a little while ago
Vanity Fair's Emily Jane Fox reports
that Kim Kardashian is headed to the
White House to discuss worse the uniform
with one president - Seth what do you
think of when you think of Kim
Kardashian Prison Reforms a visit is the
result of her talks with presidential
son-in-law and advisor Jared Kushner
Vanity Fair reports Kardashian's meeting
of trump likely will be in the Oval
Office along with white House Counsel
Don Magan who else
Kardashian reportedly will discuss a
pardon for Alice Johnson a 62 year old
woman serving a life sentence without
parole for a first-time drug offense
it's another signal of what some prison
reformers see as an era of the celebrity
pardon the president has recently
boasted about support from Kardashian's
husband Kanye West who tweeted of Trump
among many other things
we are both dragons my brother stole
that from us because Willie and I always
thought yeah it feels a little Charlie
Sheen Tiger blood you know it's maybe
took it from there Trump tweeted Zach
Thank You Kanye very cool thanked him
again on Fox News and at the NRA
convention and though Kanye is known to
use them profanities in his lyrics last
night President Trump admonished his
2016 opponent Hillary Clinton for jay-z
lyrics at one of her rallies more than a
year and a half ago
please the only way she filled up the
arena was to get jay-z
and his language was so filthy that it
made me like the most clean-cut human
being on earth he'd stand up there
before those crowds and by the way
without any musical instruments I had
much bigger crowds than he was drawing
but but he'd stand up before those
crowds and he'd used the f-word and
Hillary would sit back lay
oh I'm in trouble I'm in trouble Barney
please don't have him use that kind of
language anymore and then he'd finish
and everybody would leave and she'd be
standing up make it a speech to 400
people yes the president's worried about
decorum say again he's kind I mean we
could look at Kanye's lyrics he loves
Kanye but let's we oughta uh we ought to
have a lyric reading here with Kanye
West yeah and then secondly I don't
think he looked like the clean-cut
candidate this was the same time that
the Access Hollywood tape had come out
the same exact time that he's talking
about so I mean you could compare
jay-z's lyrics to first of all half the
people in that crowd were going J whoo
yeah
last night I noticed last night by the
way I was flipping channels cuz we don't
watch that anymore it's just boring
you've seen it before
a woman was yawning behind him and I
thought you know what yeah season two of
The Apprentice president is the same
thing that we saw in season this is
going to go the way of the Bachelorette
at some point I remember 17 seasons how
many sharks have n jump before it I was
critical of Hillary Clinton having jay-z
and Beyonce I thought she was I didn't
but you know he was he pauses for fools
at certain places and
coming Lassie he paused for a boo at
George W Bush it was just no I mean
listen it's again the stick is growing
old and at some point they're all he's
gonna mention George help you Bush's
name and people are gonna start
applauding yeah he's gonna mention
George HW Bush's name and people gonna
start standing up he's gonna mention
jay-z's name and people are gonna go why
he'll never mention George Herbert
Walker Bush his name because again he's
not worthy enough to mention that great
man's name no Matt Wow no person so
unworthy would ever be called upon to
say anything about a man so worthy but
listening to that when you consider
we've men and women in harm's way yes in
seventeen year of war in combat right
now and you watch that it's so
profoundly friggin stupid there's not a
word for it well you president of the
United States what a tragedy this is for
a generation of kids yep right who right
will have lost in their experiential
memory that Barack Obama or George W
Bush or you people my age Ronald Reagan
we got we got a generation of kids in
printing this is what the president the
United States is well tragedy let's look
let's wait and see how the run of this
reality show ends it may be actually a
pretty good might be like like Roseanne
let's go get canceled might might get a
life beat me a life lesson and but you
know the thing that just right that
doesn't drive me crazy I just find
extraordinarily dumb is it continued
mention of Hillary Clinton it would be
george w bush in two thousand six we're
still talking about john kerry
at rallies no that's sad that's pathetic
let's bring it now though a lawyer not
said or pathetic Justice Department
Civil Rights Division during the
presidencies of both Richard Nixon and
Gerald are ford former assistant US
attorney
General Stanley Pottinger staff thank
you so much for being here
nice to be out let's talk about I would
follow up on Peter Baker wrote the great
article on what the Donald Trump is
learning from Bill Clinton's experience
you were right there in the middle of
Richard Nixon's experience what compared
what's what's going on what happened in
73 and said before what happened in 8 98
99 and what's happening now
well the Peter Baker article is right
about partisanship in other words he
talks about the lessons the trumpet can
learn from from President Clinton we
need to look at the lessons Clinton
learned from Nixon once once Nixon lost
the part of the bipartisan or once he
got a bipartisan objection to him it was
all over that was the moment when he
knew he had to resign was when Goldwater
and Baker came to him from the
Republican side of the sentence said we
know how the Democrats feel but mr.
president we as Republicans have the
same problem and at that point he quit
now Clinton smartly as Baker says did
not follow that route that path he very
smartly made sure that it stayed
partisan and as Baker's pointed out in
the off year this year 20 years ago
the off election year the Democrats who
everybody knew we're going to lose one
they actually won five seats that's very
unusual and I think it's because the
country all said this is way too
partisan for us to to go with you were
you ran the Civil Rights Division of the
hcw and then and then the Justice
Department Hank
back in the day right just talk about
the Goodwin talk about Roe Sam we're
talking about race in general here do
you can you reflect on what's happening
in the country yeah oh well you know in
because of Vietnam the country was more
polarized than ever we tend to forget
that the day I came to work on May in
May of 1970 there were police there were
helicopters all over there were troops
lining all of the bridges into the city
if he went drove
invert ly into the wrong place you were
arrested rounded up sort of like South
America and put into RFK Stadium for
processing 10,000 people part of the
city had burned down there was an m60
machine gun on the steps of the Capitol
look at you can find that in the New
York Times this country was in bad shape
in terms of how it's written is it that
way today
no is it still ribbon today in certain
ways absolutely but it does help to put
certain things in perspective and that
is we've got more because there's more
media attention to what is happening and
more of a dialogue that dialogue that
happens is pretty rough people are angry
on both sides but we haven't taken to
the streets yeah and that's a big
deficit that's so important you know
meek and I said it before many times we
saw a Ken Burns documentary on Vietnam
today I think how much happened we got
to 68th CNN by the way had a great
documentary on 1968 you look at 68 you
look at 69 you look at Kent State and
then you hear people saying this is the
worst it's ever been and you just have
to roll your eyes no you have to worry
but it's not a hundred percent yeah now
the question is when you watch the Burns
documentary where are we are we in 65
are we in 66 because this guy have the
capacity to get us to 1968 or worse he
certainly does what is materially
different between this era in that era
is this we have never ever and I mean
ever seen a period in American history
where the attacks on our institutions
are coming from within yep from our
elected officials a complete and total
abrogation of the constitutional
responsibilities of the constanly of the
oversight let they haven't seen let me
ask me though Nixon in 73 74 not a saint
no no no I mean he the plumbers he
wanted to go after the FBI and justice
absolutely any attempted to use the CIA
as a cover at one point to try to get
the water
investigation dismissed that didn't work
in fact nothing ultimately worked and he
had to resign
so Clinton learned that lesson stay keep
it partisan then he and he was able to
do that the lesson that Clinton did not
I don't know if he didn't learn the
lesson he wasn't able to do was to stay
out of testimony he the reason he was
impeached was he went into a perjury
trap he testified in connection with
under oath in connection with the Paula
Jones civil lawsuit and that led to the
impeachment now the impeachment didn't
lead to a conviction so you could say
it's a wash if you want but let's don't
forget that that the big difference
between what happened then and what
might happen now is testimony under oath
that's something that if anybody at the
White House ever reads the New York
Times I'm not sure they do but if they
did and they're read Peter Baker's
article they would know that testifying
under oath as Clinton did is a pretty
dangerous thing to do yeah or sure
Stanley Pottinger thank you thank you
Stanley
come back please men thank you as well
coming up a new immigration crackdown
from the Trump administration it's
intended to reunite undocumented minors
with their parents but some are worried
the policy will keep parents from
actually claiming their children morning
Joe is coming right back thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
