it's okay to take a chance right and
they were trying to container you know
that I don't hear you wouldn't be in
business with her now you would not be
in business you wouldn't be none of us
would be in business with her but they
said hey we want to be in business with
this person because they could make a
buck they could monetize it and so you
know this whole notion that ABC is acted
appropriately and let's let's applaud
Agora ABC I just BS really knew exactly
who they were getting in bed with she
made it what six weeks six episodes and
we saw it and the president we shouldn't
be surprised and and we we talk around
this all the time but after Charlotte's
ville right you talk about good Nazis
when you go down to Alabama and you do
the NFL thing which I said at the time
is pretty proverbially pretty close to
shouting the n-word in front of an
all-white crowd in Alabama he's a
stone-cold race boy I mean so let's not
forget he started his campaign saying
Mexicans were racing out 2015 he talked
about banning 1.5 million Muslims from
entering America because because the God
they worshipped in 2006 Presley denied
knowing David Duke right he denied
knowing anything bad that the Klan had
done in the past in 2017 et
charlottesville 2018 he's accused
Hispanics of being breeders he also
again he mocked it up so you're not
exactly sure who he was calling animals
but there he called her a guy knows what
he's doing though may have pointed back
to a gang but the message was sent
yeah just emigrate sorry Walden's the
world just got upside down in the last
couple of years in this regard mm-hmm
it's now more difficult to just say
directly with plainly and clearly in
front of you
racism right to call it what it is by
its name right then to say the actual
racist
works and I don't know when that
happened who've heard the last over the
way
but but but he is a racist mark libras
in the United States is a racist no I
don't think you know I thought he said
it is is racism but it's also Donald
Trump silence here I mean there was talk
all day yesterday what will he say he's
doing a rally tonight will will this be
charlottesville 2.0 what will he say to
either's would have wink for this or to
try to sort of get on the side of the
victim hood that Roseanne Barr was
embracing implicitly by sort of
defending herself through Twitter that
his retweets through the night and that
itself as a dog whistle and that itself
shows him and shows everybody that he is
on the right side of political
correctness I mean Roseanne Barr is
being silenced right it's being silenced
by the net but he didn't say anything
last night maybe he didn't in that
itself I think is very telling what
Sarah Sanders not Prasad Kim Kardashian
coming in today we're gonna be talking
about he's got more important things um
whose husband you know whatever was
sucking up to him I guess even though
he's got any ship on anybody else's
behalf right I mean he probably saw that
this was not gonna play but what's
interesting is he did not defend her
last night maybe he'll defend her today
did not defend her last night yes I
think talk about look he must have seen
what the reaction was and she was gone
and so why you know it mean he thinks of
Donald Trump first he doesn't think of
Roseanne Barr but the thing but the
thing about it between her apology and
this morning is that she has assumed the
cloak of victimhood right so overnight
she's the victim now but she said she's
the victim she's being silenced and this
is this is in the DNA in this error of
Trump Trump serving out how many people
buy into that though with Roseanne quite
a few you think there but look I mean
there was one tweet that was very
telling they were retweet it like now we
see what POTUS goes through every day
right I mean they are absolutely of a
piece of the victimhood
that pier they're being wrongly accused
and silent not Romick is just silenced
by by the forces that are silencing all
of us so Bob Costas you've covered
President Trump very closely for a long
time do you expect we'll hear something
from him in some form today whether it's
in a tweet whether it's a shout to
camera at a pool spray or something like
that it seems to me he has trouble
sitting on the sidelines of a big
national conversation inside of the
White House talking to advisors there
yesterday they said that it's not so
much about the president's restraint at
this moment is that Roseanne Barr may
have outlived her usefulness to the
president he has walked away from people
who have been close to him like Roy Cohn
at key moments in their lives in the
past few decades and he's willing to
walk away from Roseanne if she does not
serve a purpose for him politically
anymore it made sense for the President
to call her when her ratings were
sky-high and she was a national story
the president wanted in on that my
sources say but at this moment he's not
sure exactly how this is going to play
out so we're seen not so much restraint
but a calculation but Steve what if she
becomes a martyr for for his base
because there are a lot of people who
support the president if you look online
and listen to people on television who
are rallying around her if that happens
and she's elevated in that way does he
then step out and say yes she's one of
us she's already put on the the
victimhood Greg right and so the
conservative movement the Republican
Party and I getting outside the academic
debate but if you go back to the era of
Ronald Reagan in the eighties it was the
personal responsibility party it wasn't
pick yourself up pull yourself up
whether whether you think that's
meritorious or not victimization
victimhood is is the high-octane fuel of
the Trump era it makes the Trump
movement
the next story did anybody last night
here anybody defending Roseann on CNN
MSNBC or Fox Twitter absolutely yeah but
not on television or Serling Curt
Schilling was a big defense early about
I think the president will give it a day
help himself in his staff is freaking
out right now
praying to God he doesn't tweet about
don't think this I mean maybe I also
don't think that there's a lot of people
who are very quick to the argument that
well look what Bill Maher said look what
right so she tried to say it was a joke
it wasn't a joke it was his third
stone-cold racist thing but now she's
backing up on that so she's in the
victim lane now so we'll see give it a
day
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
