bigger news to cover believe it or not a
lot going on a new report that claims
President Trump put even more pressure
than previously known on Attorney
General Jeff Sessions with Trump urging
the nation's top law enforcement officer
to intervene in the Russia investigation
on his behalf
after sessions recused himself in March
of 2017 the New York Times reports that
according to confidants and former
administration officials sessions had
flown to Trump's mar-a-lago Resort in
Florida because mr. Trump was refusing
to take his calls about a pressing
decision on his travel ban but when they
met mr. Trump was ready to talk but not
about the travel ban the president
objected to sessions decision to recuse
himself from the Russia investigation
mr. Trump berated mr. sessions and told
them he should reverse his decision an
unusual and potentially inappropriate
request that sessions refused
The Times reports that Special Counsel
Robert Muller is investigating the
episode suggesting the obstruction
investigation is broader than the firing
of FBI director James Comey this follows
reporting from The Washington Post that
Muller has been examining Trump's
efforts to oust sessions last summer in
a barrage of public and private attacks
the special counsels team interviewed
sessions in January this is incredible
it really is and Willie this is just
another example of long before all the
scam artists on Capitol Hill and all the
scam artists and so-called conservative
media came up with all of these plots
and twists about you know how this began
and Barack Obama is tapping the you know
Trump Towers and Barack Obama and in the
deep States out of control here yet
Donald Trump from the very beginning
without even knowing anything that was
going on going so wildly out of out of
the way to influence an investigation
that he knew would come back to him that
he's berating his own Attorney General
and yelling at him for doing what any
lawyer would have
to do yeah it's an obvious call for most
people that Jeff sessions would it would
have refused to recuse himself because
of his role on the campaign among many
other things but we know having talked
to enough people I think everyone at
this table knows and Michael Schmitt
points out again in the piece this has
been the part of this investigation that
has stuck in the craw of President Trump
since the beginning from the beginning
again you've got to go to state of mind
and look at the fact that before any of
this started up sessions recuse himself
Trump freaks out sessions doesn't tell
the truth about his meetings with
Russians Jared doesn't tell his truth
about meeting with Russians Mike Pence
doesn't tell the truth just bald-faced
lie saying we never met with any
Russians during the entire campaign
afterwards let me go back and you look
at their state of mind they all were
lying about contacts with the Russians
and Donald Trump freaking out about a
investigation that really hadn't even
begun and the frame around all of this
is that Donald Trump believes it was the
job of the Attorney General - first and
foremost he's loyal to him not to get to
the bottom of what happened or conducted
it and to protect it in the
investigation we actually have Michael
Schmidt with us right now let's bring
him in he's the co-author of this report
New York Times reporter Michael Schmitt
Michael let's talk about that day down
at mar-a-lago because as you point out
in the article the president knighted
States berated his Attorney General at
mar-a-lago but still jeff sessions
refused to recuse himself what was that
moment like what was that conversation
like and did sessions at any point
consider not recusing himself sessions
had to fly down to mar-a-lago because
the president needs to resign travel ban
part two right the first one had been
messed up but he wasn't taking sessions
calls and they realized this had to
happen the band had to be signed so they
sent sessions down to Florida and the
thing that Trump wanted to talk about
was the travel ban the president was
obsessing about it if you remember this
is also the same weekend that the
president tweeted about the why
air tapping the sessions refusal really
set the president off so the president
it's the original sin it's the thing
that leads to Muller the president is
convinced that rod Rosen Stein who
overtook overseeing the investigation
from sessions never would have appointed
Muller and he would not have the cloud
over the administration that he has as
we point out in the story this is
something the president has talked about
as recently as the end of last year the
idea of sessions coming back to Unruh
Cuse himself to legal folks the idea of
Unruh coucil is a baffling idea it's a
very creative legal idea it's something
that a lawyer would probably not come up
with the idea of doing the concept of
but this is something that the president
is obsessed about he is and he'll speak
about it publicly when July when we sat
down with him he said he would not have
made sessions his attorney general if he
knew he was going to recuse himself so
you know Nick it's so fascinating again
to hear what Donald Trump and the entire
team said about Jeff Sessions during the
campaign that he was the most brilliant
mind on Capitol Hill that he was the one
man they could trust to be with Donald
Trump Donald Trump said he was so
brilliant he could appoint him any
cabinet position and he would do an
extraordinary job they were thinking
about appointing him a secretary of
state an Attorney General I mean they
went down the list they're asking him to
do something that no lawyer would ever
do in not recusing themselves in that
position and then going on and saying
well we want you to reverse your refusal
which is even more impossible I think
it's so cute that this president thinks
that attorney generals are supposed to
be their personal lawyers and by cute I
mean completely ignorant something that
a four year old
you know while smearing like chocolate
on the side of a wall might think Joe
actually not that's pretty though but
look I'm not cute is actually pretty
depressing yeah yeah it sucks when they
do that so yeah the important thing here
just to consider and put it in context
that Jeff Sessions is the ultimate Trump
or was at this point he was one of the
first people in the party to endorse his
candidacy for he was the first senator
and let's say that again yes she have
sessions throughout the entire campus
ever hat was the ultimate Trump loyalist
and the only member of the Republican
establishment early on this support
Donald Trump and he's flying down
tomorrow Lago because the president is
in Florida when he could be in DC to
sign something that is the centerpiece
of one of his central policies yeah the
Gulf Fabio and when he gets there he
berates them about this this decision
which was obviously the right decision
so just think with all that context how
important this recusal must have been of
the president and you look at the fact
pattern at that time the various
meetings with the Gulf leaders with
Russian agents before I mean it just
adds up and put you in a state of mind
the president obviously felt that he was
vulnerable and kaycee it goes what goes
back to this is what prosecutors do it's
what lawyers do all the time great state
of mind
what was her state of mind at the time
of X what was the state of mind at the
time of why why did they do that the
night before the murder why did they do
that the night before the burglary
doesn't make a lot of sense well in this
case why is Donald Trump freaking out so
so badly the Jeff Sessions has recused
himself for an investigation that has
not even begun well and freaked out so
much I mean Michael Schmidt sort of
mentioned this a little bit off hand but
sessions has to fly down there because
the president is not taking his attorney
general phone calls about me
I mean think attack think I'm trying to
know the last time I refused to pick up
my phone if somebody you know the
important my own life kept calling I
mean it is an extraordinarily petty way
to react to something and really I think
says you know a lot about and you know
give Jeff Sessions some credit here for
doing the right thing on you know oh my
god actually recusing himself a big way
so Mike Schmidt let me ask you the
obvious question then in all these
months since then why hasn't President
Trump just gotten rid of Jeff Sessions
this is a guy who has infuriated and he
believes Jeff Sessions is the reason for
many of his troubles if he'd stayed in
there
maybe we wouldn't have the Muller
investigation why not just get rid of
sessions well he tried to in July he
went to Reince Priebus in July and
basically said it's you got to get him
to resign previous stalled out the
president over that weekend the
president backed down this is around the
time that the president was attacking
sessions publicly the president would
really like to get rid of him but
Republicans in the Senate have said that
they will not confirm another Attorney
General and they have sort of boxed the
president in on this issue they've said
that getting rid of sessions would be
going too far you have to remember
because sessions is recused if the
president put someone else in as
Attorney General they would oversee the
investigation they would be above rot
Rosenstein and as long as they don't
rien de would have a chance to do
whatever they like with Muller so the
Republicans on the hill have sort of
stopped the president from doing what he
would like to do the president talking
recently with someone that he would like
to do it maybe after the midterms get
rid of sessions after the midterms but
sessions in Rosenstein have survived
longer than a lot of other folks in that
cabinet yeah in casein your confirming
the Republicans are not going to first
of all let him do it because sessions is
a member of the club
also he's beloved by hardcore
conservatives yes and and and finally
they're not going to allow Donald Trump
to fire a lawyer for doing what a lawyer
is supposed to do in his position and
recuse himself this is one place where
for all of the conversation about what
Republicans will or won't say in public
to condemn or not condemn the president
when he says something that is offensive
they have stood in the way to the extent
that they can on this and it is I think
been made very clear that there is no
there's basically no way that if the
president were to fire jeff Sessions
that he would get another Attorney
General which would so Department in Rod
Rosenstock then Rose's bright run
everything right
have you seen Jean rod resin sign in
press conferences he's so scared of
Donald - less concern that salic of a
man that is holding four aces what are
you gonna do you know you're not gonna
do anything to him he's not gonna be
able to get rid of sessions if he went
ahead and did it anyhow
the first question at any confirmation
hearing if indeed there were a
confirmation hearing for a new attorney
general would be won't you recuse
yourself to eliminate the possibility
that the president's gonna interfere
with the elections have to pre work you
listen we we have rightly been very
critical of Republicans for not standing
up to the extremes of the brings
unconstitutional yeah I agree with Casey
in in this case the message has been
sent
which is you're not getting rid of the
Attorney General and and you're not
getting rid of rod Rosen side all right
so we're gonna get to more of this
coming up on Michael Schmidt thank you
so much for your reporting we'll be
reading and writing in the new york
times and still ahead on Morning Joe
we can you see that excitement look at
that exciting yes brimming
got a smile we get a smile just the
facts man should share some of the
lightning bolt you keep what's up so you
don't sleep do you Michael and this is
not about me no I didn't by saying it's
not about you you made everything about
you you know like he's like me fall
yesterday after that ugly tweet what it
means for the network that fired her and
the president who counted her as a key
supporter plus thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up to date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
