biggest newspaper in the country is USA
Today and today that newspaper in an
op-ed that named as its author Donald J
Trump president of the United States it
was all about health care and it was
fact-check by The Washington Post which
found that almost every sentence
contained a misleading statement or a
falsehood
fact you don't have to be the Washington
Post to know that you could just read it
it's plainly not true now that has got
to be a first the nation's largest
newspaper it is certainly nothing new
for the president the Republican or the
publican party which is realize that
health care is actually the number one
issues for voters this year and so they
have embarked on a coordinated midterm
strategy to ridiculously and flagrantly
lie about health care in ads and
speeches joining me now HuffPost senior
national correspondent jonathan cohn
who's been tracking GOP health care
rhetoric and who wrote today about
trump's Grambling dishonest op-ed i
guess we'll start with a trump up ad two
big obvious flagrant lies we said we're
gonna protect pre-existing conditions
and we're gonna bring down premiums
we're doing both but those aren't true
no I mean look we we we all remember
2017 right President Trump got elected
the first priority of his administration
was to repeal the Affordable Care Act
and that's what he spent most of the
year trying to do and the legislation
that he was pushing would have gutted
protections for people with pre-existing
conditions and he kept pushing it and he
kept pushing it and eventually you know
the bill failed barely one vote in the
Senate different and it would have
become law but since that's happened
he's basically done whatever he could to
undermine those same protections using
his own authority I mean right now there
is a case in federal court in Texas
where the federal government is asking a
judge to throw out the protections for
pre-existing conditions that is his name
is on his his Justice Department is
supporting that lawsuit and yet he's
walking around saying whoa we'd always
protect protect you know really suing in
federal court to blow the whole thing up
and not just them state attorneys
general including state attorney general
of Missouri a guy by the name of Josh
Hawley who also happens to be running
for Senate with this ad he is
literally his name he's named on that
suit to blow up the ACA and destroy
protections for pre-existing conditions
and this is the ad he's running in his
Senate race right now take a look
earlier this year we learned our oldest
has a rare chronic disease pre-existing
condition we know what that's like
I'm Josh Hawley I support forcing
insurance companies to cover all
pre-existing conditions so then take
yourself off a lawsuit stop suing it's
preposterous I mean this is as straight
up a lie as you will see in politics
he's on that lawsuit he has supported
repeal it is simply not true to say that
he thinks it's important that he would
fight to protect people with
pre-existing conditions but he's saying
it because you know he knows that's what
the voters want to hear the other big
lie that I keep seeing and I've seen it
ad after ad I spend a lot of time on
YouTube like looking at you know
targeted races and looking at the ads
there these Republicans running with the
idea that whichever Democrat they're
running against is support single-payer
medicare-for-all even when they haven't
even when they have explicitly said they
haven't they have chosen to basically
say every Democrat everywhere a
single-payer medicare-for-all and that
will steal your Medicare grandma right I
mean and this was what Trump was writing
to design the op-ed everybody everybody
wants to you know endorse Medicare for
all and all you know and and and that's
what every single Democrat wants now
there are some Democrats who want that
Bernie Sanders has proposed that a
number of Democratic senators including
some who will run for president have
supported but you know one of the things
that you learn about Medicare for all is
and when you explain it to people it's
actually pretty popular people like the
idea of you know st. gee mean I wouldn't
have to worry about co-payments and
deductibles you mean I wouldn't have to
worry about doctor networks you mean it
might be less expensive I mean it sounds
very appealing look it's a complicated
idea it's got pluses and minuses there's
lots of reasons you might like it or not
like it but it's not at all clear to me
that when you say the Democrats are
going to give you Medicare for all that
people are going to run away screaming I
think a lot of people would say hey that
sounds pretty good I mean we've seen
polls on this it actually pulls you you
know it pulls pretty well among
Republicans too yeah and and we should
note that over half of Democratic ads
have been featuring health care because
I think they say
they have a winning hand to play on this
Jonathan Cohen thanks for being with me
tonight thanks for having me hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
