even look at Rosie and I called her
yesterday
look at her ratings look at her Randy
they were unbelievable over 18 million
people that was right after Roseanne's
first show this morning Roseanne Barr
the star of the ABC hit show Roseanne
tweeted a vicious racist statement about
a highly accomplished black woman in
this afternoon another highly
accomplished black woman announced that
Roseanne was fired while Valerie Jarrett
was working her way up in the corporate
world in Chicago and then in politics
with her friend Barack Obama in whose
White House she served for eight years
chanting Dungey was working her way up
in executive jobs in show business she
joined ABC in 2004 as a vice president
overseeing development of drama series
Channing Dungey became the president of
ABC Entertainment two and a half years
ago and as her ABC official bio proudly
states Dungey has shepherded in a wide
variety of successful programming
including the most-watched show on
television
Roseanne knowing TV networks as I do
especially in the entertainment division
I expected ABC to try to tough it out
today and survive the crisis Roseanne
created because the show's ratings are
so good when Roseanne tweeted this
apology I immediately said that this was
a network forced apology using language
that Roseanne herself would never use
here it is I apologize to Valerie
Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans I
am truly sorry for making a bad joke
about her politics and her looks I
should have known better forgive me my
joke was in bad taste that tweet sounded
to me like the network was desperately
trying to save its top-rated show but I
don't know Channing Dungy never worked
with her it turns out she wasn't trying
to save Roseanne this afternoon
Channing Dungy who does not tweet
released this statement
Roseanne's Twitter statement is
abhorrent repugnant and in
consistent with our values and we have
decided to cancel her show at his rally
tonight this time Donald Trump did not
say one word about Roseanne joining our
discussion now Jamil Smith senior writer
for Rolling Stone joining us from Los
Angeles and Jason Johnson is back with
us and Jamil this story moved faster
than many in show business expected it
to I think people were waiting to watch
ABC try to get through a day or two and
maybe even a week or two with this but
it turned very quickly on Roseanne yes I
mean we've been exposed to the NFL's
corporate cowardice recently and
certainly we you know I think a lot of
us expected that that an ABC would
either stay silent or simply discipline
her maybe suspend her what-have-you but
it is a relief to see that there are in
fact social consequences for these kinds
of statements and they hired her knowing
that she was a conspiracy theorist on
Twitter they hired her knowing about her
about her anti-semitic and an racist
statements and Islamophobic statements
and they you know they wrote it out this
long and I think when you get to the
old-school racist term eight I think
that may be a bridge too far for anyone
let's listen what Valerie Jarrett said
about this on MSNBC tonight I think we
have to turn it into a teaching moment
I'm fine I'm worried about all the
people out there who don't have a circle
of friends and followers who come right
to their defense Jason Johnson Valerie
Jarrett he handled it very graciously
tonight on MSNBC yeah yeah she's a
better woman than I am because it was
disgusting it was unreasonable and I
think we live in a wonderful country
where there are gracious kind people who
can be attacked on a regular basis I can
say fine things in response but I think
that what Rosanna did and the entire
scenario in which she was hired is
problematic and that's what we need to
speak about yes it's great the Channing
Dungey fired her now you hired her
just like Jamil said knowing that this
is the kind of behavior she had who
knows how she was possibly behaving on
set and we have to think about in a
larger structural way we talk about
notions of racism and institutional
racism and privilege think about this
all Roseanne had to do to keep her job
it's not comparable to an ape think
about that and she couldn't do that she
couldn't even do that that's the kind of
structural racism that we're talking
about the people lack such a reasonable
level of self control but if they can't
go back to 500 year old stereotypes
about race so I hope this isn't just a
lesson for Roseanne Barr I hope this is
a lesson for ABC I hope this is a lesson
for every single other entertainment
network out there that this behavior is
inappropriate it will cost you money it
will cost you a reputation and it will
make it impossible for you to continue
to produce and I hope that's what people
get out of this not just some sort of
free speech argument Jamil Donald Trump
after the first episode aired this year
and got a huge rating Donald Trump told
his rally audience as we just saw that
it was about us that the show was about
us he didn't have any words about the
show tonight that is a really
interesting statement coming from him
and I think it actually qualifies as a
lie because the median income for Trump
voters in no matter what income bracket
you look at was higher than the median
income for Clinton voters if you're
looking at you know folks making fifty
to the $100,000 the median income was 72
for Trump voters 61 thousand for Clinton
voters so we want to talk about us we
might be talking about Clinton voters
and it's funny that they hired Roseanne
to essentially you know stereotype his
people and make fun of them and Jason
when you look at a lot of Rosen's tweets
prior to today with the conspiracy
theories and really strange information
she seems to be using a lot of the same
news sources that Donald Trump uses
right you know saying that George Soros
was a Nazi collaborator comparing Susan
Rice you know to an ape as well I mean
she's sort of trafficked in the same
kind of nonsense that the president
regular traffic's in the conspiracy
theories and again I think there was a
mistake on behalf of the people who
hired her and brought this back thank
you
that well this must represent where
America is moving this must represent
what a lot Americans feel and that's not
true the vast majority of Americans
aren't conspiracy nuts and I think for
the last couple of years people have
become very comfortable with what is
said on duck dynasty and and what's said
by certain celebrities so it's just it's
politics it's that the other but America
is changing and this is not what the
American consumer wants to see and I
think that that the quick response of
firing Roseanne so quickly is not just
financial but it's also realization on
the behalf of this network that like hey
you know this is a blue wave coming
America doesn't want this they don't
want this kind of behavior they're not
all conspiracy nuts and we shouldn't be
promoting that on TV or coddling people
who have those beliefs and Jamil ABC
knew that the questions about this were
never going to go away right and I mean
to Jason's point they not only knew but
also they understood that it was
potentially profitable for them and so
they've exploited this caricature and I
think you know also that the something
else that Jason said I think that we've
you know yes most Americans are not
conspiracy nuts but we hired one as
president and what effect does that have
on the viewing audience what effect
frankly does that even have we went on
her castmates there's a black child who
was cast as her granddaughter in the
show or a black woman Wanda Sykes it was
a writer on the show does she think that
they're Apes too it's be one would like
to ask Rosanna that question but she
blocked me on Twitter and Jason it seems
that ABC learned a lesson that NBC did
not learn when it had Donald Trump under
contract for that show because Donald
Trump was attacking the presidents birth
certificate and lying about President
Obama's birth for years while he was
appearing as an entertainer on NBC ABC
showed zero tolerance for what Roseanne
had to say today and NBC showed total
tolerance for everything that Donald
Trump said for years about the
president's birth yeah it's always been
strange there seems to be this sort of
nuclear force field bubble around
Donald Trump's behavior that he is
allowed to be offensive and sexist and
vulgar but the same behavior and other
actors and actresses ends up costing
people their jobs whether you're talking
about
Roseanne or Harvey Weinstein or Jeffrey
Tambor you know that kind of abusive
behavior and that kind of abuse of a
racist language ends up costing people
jobs
I hope hey since we always seem to have
one Donald Trump at this particular
point I hope that again this ends up
being a lesson that this sort of
behavior doesn't continue and I also
think this and I this is something I
think is really important to remember in
the context of Hamar Cosby or anything
else like that
Roseanne's selfishness has cost dozens
of people their jobs the the key grips
the camera people the food delivery
folks all of those people have lost
their jobs at a hit show that was
helping them feed their families because
she couldn't control their bigotry yes
maybe the black daughter on her she'll
get adopted by blackish I'd watch the
episode be funny right but most of the
rest of those people are not going to
have work and I hope America realizes
that bigotry is not just about making
somebody feel bad it costs money it
costs jobs sometimes it costs lives we
can't accept it anymore
Jason Johnson and Jamil Smith thanks for
joining us appreciate it thanks Lawrence
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
