before you call the cops I just want you
to know I am a Christian I am asked if I
am Muslim I'm okay that I'm pretty much
convinced if you met my mother you'd
automatically become a better person I
can tell you every single word of the
NWA Straight Outta Compton album you can
also see me every single word I don't
hate our president I hate that anyone at
all might possibly be afraid of me I'm a
proud man I'm a proud black man I just
wanted you to get to know me better
before you call the cops I don't have a
racist bone in my body I've done nothing
but I work here why is everything about
freaks this is everyday racism in
America an MSNBC Town Hall of it
and crystallize
all right
he's probably already heard AVC
canceling one of its biggest shows after
its stars racist tweet we are going to
talk about that but as Starbucks shuts
down 8,000 stores across the nation for
anti bias training we're holding our own
discussion talking about the kind of
racism that occurs every day in this
country in Hollywood and coffee shops
and in public spaces they didn't do
anything I saw the entire thing they
asked to use the bathroom and the woman
said it's for paying customers only then
ask them to leave for someone to show up
at a business meeting at a Philadelphia
Starbucks and the more blatant kind like
the kind of hate frankly the Roseanne
Barr put on display today she tweeted
out a racist and personal attack on one
of our guests who's joining us here
tonight Valerie Jarrett is the former
senior advisor to President Barack Obama
also with us Reverend Al Sharpton host
of MSNBC's politics nation and president
of the National Action Network and
sherrilyn Ifill the president and
director counsel of the n-double a-c-p
Legal Defense and Educational Fund thank
you all for being here so I'm you know
Valerie we want to give you an
opportunity to respond to all the tappan
today not just the tweet but ABC's
response well first of all I think we
have to turn it into a teaching moment
I'm fine I'm worried about all the
people out there who don't have a circle
of friends and followers who come right
to their defense the person who's
walking down the street minding their
own business and they see somebody cling
to their purse or one across the street
or every black parent I know who has a
boy who has to sit down and have a
conversation but talk as we call it and
those as you say those ordinary examples
of racism that happen every single day
and I think that's why I'm so glad to be
here this evening talking with all of
you and for those of you who have not
heard this morning actress Roseanne Barr
tweeted this Muslim Brotherhood and
Planet of the Apes had a baby
equals BJ it was only after some
immediate backlash that bar then tweeted
this I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and
to all the Americans I'm truly sorry to
all Americans I'm truly sorry for making
a bad joke about her politics and her
looks I should have known better forgive
me my joke was in poor taste
hours later ABC cancelled her show
saying Rose ends comments were quote
warrant repugnant and inconsistent with
our values you think they did the right
thing I do and I want to mention that
Bob Iger who's a CEO Disney called me
before the announcement he apologized he
said that he had zero tolerance for that
sort of racist bigoted comment and he
wanted me to know before he made it
public that he was cancelling his show
and so I appreciate
before people remember the Don Imus
situation you're often you know called
upon to sort of talk to you know
corporations and industry you know
people when they find themselves in
situation you think ABC to the right oh
they did the right thing and I think it
is important the statement they made
because what I think we're dealing with
is those that are still trying to turn
us back into a day that that is
considered normal and I think we can't
get away from the fact if it starts
raining you look for clouds the clouds
that have been put over this country to
try and bring us back to where this is
normal to take a well-educated beautiful
woman like Valerie Jarrett which they
did similar to Michelle Obama and
President Obama and equate them with
monkeys is not acceptable and we cannot
tolerate it when you have a president
that started his political career on
birtherism saying that he's not one of
us when he's dead everything he could to
do dog whistling around this issue of
race people like worlds and feel they're
empowered well they got the memo today
you're not empowered people are not
I wonder if you great do you feel like
this president has set a tone that has
made people feel increasingly empowered
to say those kinds of things well this
is what I think Chris I think tone does
start at the top and we like to look up
to our president and feel as though he
reflects the values of our country but I
also think every individual citizen has
a responsibility to and it's up to all
of us to push back our government is
only going to be as good as we make it
be and as Reverend always taught me you
have to be people on the inside have to
push hard and people on the outside have
to listen and I think that I'm heartened
by so much of what I've seen over the
last several months those young people
from parkland who able to force Florida
change a law that they had no intention
of changing before the tragedy shows
what happens when ordinary Americans
lift up and to have their voices heard
you know in cherylin it's not just the
rhetoric it's also the policies and many
of those are underpinned by the law I
mean you spend your career trying to
fight to make sure that inequity doesn't
get baked into the system what are the
risks that sort of the attitudes that
people may have toward people of color
then wind up being reflected in the law
well that's why this is so important to
to push past just the politics of what's
happening in this country and really
deal with the reality that I think
Valerie raised early on about what
happens to ordinary people because let's
be clear you know racism did not begin
with the current president what has
happened is that this tone that you're
describing has unleashed something that
we had achieved some progress with that
is that there was a taboo there was some
there was a velvet rope across a certain
kind of public rhetoric and dialogue
about race that has been removed and
that does have real consequences it has
real consequences first of all in terms
of the danger to ordinary people we have
seen an exponential rise in hate crimes
since the end of 2016 and that is real
that's about african-americans that's
about Muslim Americans that's about
members of the LGBTQ community there is
something that has been unleashed in
this country that has real consequences
for the day-to-day lives of ordinary
people then when you think about the
kind of comment that Roseanne Barr made
today something that feeds into a kind
of very old stereotype that did not
begin with her and did not begin with
Donald Trump that D shoe
as black people when you dehumanize
people you can do anything to them you
can lock them away for years for minor
offenses and think that their lives have
no value you can punish black girls in a
way that you would not punish white
girls you can drag a black girl in a
bikini and pin her down right and treat
her like a criminal as a police officer
you can shoot a 53 year old man running
away from you in the back you can do all
of these things because you don't think
that they are exactly human and so this
rhetoric has real consequences to the
legal landscape that we face when people
see these things on their television it
begins with a message that has been sent
about who we are and to the extent that
we are others in this way to the extent
we are regarded as something less than
human something less than a full citizen
something less than a person entitled to
full dignity it puts people in danger
yeah and it's not new I mean I can still
recall the cartoon that was as a monkey
cartoon about President Obama I mean
early on in the administration when you
and Google Michelle Obama and you'd look
at the Twitter images it was was
horrific so it's not it's not as if it
is new but it do you get the sense that
there is a more permissive atmosphere
toward it I think it was much more on
the fringe and I do think that there has
been and some of it is as a result of
social media being weaponized it can be
an incredible force for good and it can
also kind of dehumanize because it's
distant you don't have to look at the
faces of the person that you're
attacking so I think we're in that time
I would remind everyone it was ten years
ago this year President Obama gave his
race speech right here in Philadelphia
and it was a unifying speech it was one
to try to help educate and how people
appreciate diversity is a strength but
we all are a result of our upbringing
but that we can change we can be better
and it appealed I think to our better
angels and we have to get back to that
again yep but I think what's important
is when we talk about this tone 10 years
ago President Obama made his speech in
Philly and some blacks were saying don't
be that conciliatory but he set that
tone you can't imagine this president
making a speech about race in the City
of Brotherly Love and that is what we've
got to deal with which is why I think
this dialogue today is important
we don't have to agree but we don't have
to get ugly and we don't have to start
bringing us back to the country that did
not elect and reelect a black president
because we did that we made a lot of
progress we have a long way to go but
we've made some progress and some of us
are not going back well when we go back
today to combat the by it that happened
here in Philly more from our MSNBC Town
Hall when we returned on Corning
hey there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
