day 643 of the Trump administration 13
days out now from the midterm elections
and the president has held as of tonight
his latest rally in Wisconsin as the
hunt is on for whoever sent explosive
devices to his political opponents the
targets are all public figures including
President Barack Obama Hillary Clinton
her husband the former president and all
are frequently attacked by Donald Trump
at his rallies and on social media
tonight the president opened his event
with this I want to begin tonight's
rally by addressing these suspicious
devices and packages that were mailed to
current and former high-ranking
government officials my highest duty as
you know as president is to keep America
safe that's what we talked about that's
what we do the federal government is
conducting an aggressive investigation
and we will find those responsible and
we will bring them to justice hopefully
very quickly any acts or threats of
political violence are an attack on our
democracy itself the closest the
president came to using the names of the
former presidents tonight was to call
them current and former high-ranking
government officials now to this map the
first crude bomb was delivered Monday to
the suburban New York home of the
billionaire philanthropist George Soros
of course a major donor to mostly
democratic causes Tuesday Secret Service
intercepted a pipe bomb addressed to
Hillary Clinton at her home in Chappaqua
New York just nine miles west of Soros
Wednesday morning Secret Service picked
up another package headed to President
Obama's home in Washington also today a
bomb intended for former attorney
General Eric Holder was incorrectly
addressed and it landed at the office of
Florida Democratic congresswoman debbie
Wasserman Schultz while she had nothing
to do with it
the return address on the envelope was
her office another package addressed to
former CIA director John Brennan a big
Trump critic
the president has called a low-life was
delivered to CNN's headquarters here in
New York even though Brennan is
affiliated not with CNN but with NBC CNN
was actually covering the story about
these suspicious packages when the alarm
sounded in their studio and their
building was evacuated no longer
suspicious packages the FBI is saying
that they were rudimentary but
functional that means they were
explosive devices and to have
projectiles and that's a excuse me that
sounds like a fire alarm here we'll keep
you posted on that
okay we're gonna jump in there's a fire
alarm here you might have heard in the
background we're gonna find out what the
latest is we're gonna be right back
luckily the best Police Department in
the world quickly responded the NYPD
bomb squad was quickly on the scene here
is how the New York City Police
Commissioner described what was inside
the package sent to CNN responding
officers identified at device that
appeared to be a live explosive device
additionally there was an envelope
containing white powder that was
discovered as part of that original
packaging NBC News reports tonight that
an image of that bomb sent to CNN
appeared to have a parody of an Isis
flag taken from a meme circulating among
some right-wing internet sites according
to the FBI the package is sent to Obama
the Clinton Soros holder and CNN were in
manila envelopes with bubble wrap inside
they had computer printed addresses six
so-called forever stamps along with a
ton of tape on the outside it appears
and all packages had a return address of
again debbie Wasserman Schultz in
Florida with misspellings senior law
enforcement officials also tell NBC News
tonight the bombs in those packages were
made they believe a PVC pipe contained a
timer had powder used in pyrotechnics
traditionally and likely contained
shrapnel also tonight the FBI confirms
that two additional packages addressed
to another Trump target and Trump critic
Democratic congresswoman Maxine Waters
of California are similar in appearance
to the other packages we have
journalists from the Washington Post and
Associated Press standing by to join us
with their reporting but first we want
to get updated on the investigation and
for that I want to bring in Bill Bratton
former Commissioner of the NYPD and
Boston Police former chief of police in
Los Angeles and Frankfort loozy former
FBI assistant director for
counterintelligence who worked on the
anthrax investigation back in 2001
Commissioner as you well know because
we've been through anthrax our building
here is very well equipped for this kind
of thing with machinery and detection I
need your assessment of what you
witnessed today and what are you looking
for well I think certainly the response
was exceptional here in New York City
that seeing that firsthand on the part
of the federal government agencies FBI
etc very quickly identifying these
devices they're now all down at the FBI
lab if I understand it we had a live
device at Columbus Circle in New York
City that's correct and we scribed as a
live device as to what it will
eventually turn out to be remains to be
seen whether they were capable of
exploding whether through error of
design or never having that capability
in the first place but the net effect
was fear a tremendous amount of fear
fear that's still being felt in my world
a security world's significant number of
clients calling and asking for
information and that's an area where the
NYPD is a great does a great job they
have 19,000 subscribers to the shield
program set up by my predecessor
Commissioner Kelly after the 9/11 events
to alert and keep informed with as much
intimacy as possible information about
threats and today was a clear example of
the benefit of that 19,000 security
directors getting information including
pictures description of the devices what
to watch for and procedures to follow
Frankfort Lucy so much to go on here
already given just a little bit that we
know you see a package wrapped in that
much scotch tape you think well that's
good because tape is kind of a DNA
magnet think of all the things from your
person your environment can stick to it
and then beat
tested but what were you looking for in
terms of construction is this a to your
view based on what we know sophisticated
bomb maker
Brian the reports we're getting so far
indicate a primitive type device in fact
as commissioner bratton referenced we
still don't know for certain whether or
not these devices were capable of
detonating in fact if they were and if
the report is accurate about the CNN
device being live then then the question
I have in my mind is why didn't they
detonate was this a deliberate attempt
to send a message invoke fear tell us
that something more is coming or have we
seen the end of this I would say we've
not seen the end just based on
historical experience with male bombers
and serial bombers they keep going until
they're caught generally this is perhaps
a first round and we may see a change in
methodology and what the bombs look like
moving forward but tonight the FBI and
law enforcement is racing the clock
because of the possibility that more
bombs are out there and perhaps this
time they make a law but can't think of
two gentlemen we rather have on a night
like tonight start off our coverage bill
bratton Frankfurt Lizzy
thank you both if you take a look at
some of President Trump's rallies over
just this past week many of his go-to
targets have received these suspicious
packages rocket Heller is a great
unifier
Maxine Waters you get that one you get
that good Oh Maxine low IQ individual
low IQ never see when the fake news
interviews them and then they try and
cut it but they divide they'll go to a
person holding a son who gets paid by
Soros or somebody right that's what
happens by the way by the way
don't worry I don't like them either
okay for more we welcome in our
political panel Phillip Rucker while
Pulitzer prize-winning Whitehouse bureau
chief for The Washington Post Joel
Colvin White House reporter for The
Associated Press and Robert Costa
national political reporter for the post
and moderator of Washington week on PBS
thank you for your patience welcome to
all of you and Phil this correlation
between critics of Trump targets of
Trump and all those who got a
potentially deadly surprise in the mail
today as you do your reporting any
recognition from the Trump forces that
there may be some responsibilities they
bear for tone at minimum yeah Brian it's
an important question today and we've
been looking for any of that recognition
throughout the day the White House has
not recognized or at least acknowledged
that the president's rhetoric in any way
has influenced this and in fact the
president in his public remarks this
afternoon at the White House and then on
the campaign trail at a rally tonight in
Wisconsin stopped short of accepting any
sort of personal responsibility for the
inflammatory contributions that he has
made to the political discourse this
fall but as you just showed in those
video clips the president's rhetorical
targets have been very clear at rally
after rally after rally and those very
targets became the targets this week of
these mailings of these these these
bombs these explosive devices that were
sent there's no evidence from
investigators
connecting the shipments to any sort of
political campaign or plot or any
motivation that is directly related to
Trump but again there are a lot of
questions being raised in the political
world about the president's rhetoric the
president for his part has been saying
that the rhetoric as a whole needs to
come down a notch he's been calling for
unity he's even blamed the media for
playing the role in in rhetoric but he
has not accepted any personal
responsibility for the way in which the
tone of his speeches has contributed and
Robert Costa as recently as our
broadcast last night we were surmising
that fear was just going to be the
closing argument as we approach the
twenty
20-18 midterms and there's this caravan
coming there are kind of sketchy Middle
Easterners as part of the caravan
they're coming for your home your
property your family does this change
that now fear it's not just the title of
a Bob Woodward book it's the story of
this year's midterm elections a dark
cloud hangs over the upcoming November
contest you have fact checks about the
president's language on the the
immigrant Caravan that's coming up the
5,000 or so migrants from Central
America different statements without
evidence from this administration about
those immigrants and their experience
the Kavanagh confirmation charged up the
culture wars and now political violence
at the floor of our national debate it
is brought as much as Democrats are
talking and some Republicans talking
about health care and other important
issues on the campaign trail it really
is the broader culture fear violence
facts that's really what's at the center
for both parties Jill Colvin it was I
guess a violation of protocol for a
sitting president not to mention two
former targeted presidents it's such a
small club after all but let's not
forget John Brennan former CIA director
was on this list as well I'm gonna play
for you what he said today remember as a
long time overseas station chief as they
say he doesn't scare easily and we'll
talk about it on the other side
unfortunately I think Donald Trump too
often has helped to incite some of these
feelings of anger if not violence when
he points to acts of violence or also
talks about you know swinging at
somebody from the press of the media
that's why I have spoken out so strongly
some would say very strident Lee because
of what I think is a continued failure
on the part of Donald Trump to live up
to what I think should be all of our
expectations about what an American
president should be doing especially in
times like this John Brennan who was of
course called a low-life by the
president Jill the question is can
Brennan speaking like this cause
brennan's to speak out or if there were
any potential profiles encouraged
especially in the Republican side would
we know about it by now I think at this
point everyone pretty much knows what
the president's MO is you know there
have been endless opportunities at this
point for members of the Republican
Party to stand up when the president
goes after people like Brennan or Eric
Holder any of the litany the hundreds of
people that the president has gone after
now in his you know three or four years
in the political spotlight and that's
something that we really have not seen
happen I also have to say that you know
the president's message today was one of
calling for unity he really kind of
advocated this idea that we should have
this new moment of civility in politics
and the idea that President Trump is
going out there with this message just
reeks of hypocrisy this is a president
who won an election who campaigned using
incredibly inflammatory rhetoric this is
a candidate who his campaign rally is
used to urge his supporters to beat up
protesters who would come to his his
rallies to protest his messages he's
somebody who has consistently each and
every person on the list that was
targeted today and endless others has
used inflammatory rhetoric against them
and so it's it's interesting to have the
president now saying that this is the
moment for civility hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
