it's about why words matter how casual
racism can swiftly be punished in 2018
and why even in the Trump era it is not
always safe out here for trumpism today
began with Roseanne Barr who is of
course in charge of the top-rated
Network sitcom a reboot for the Trump
era and a long track record of getting
away with or even being rewarded for her
many offensive tirades well tonight
something different the day wrapping up
with Roseanne writing herself back into
history literally her show is now
history again canceled for her racist
attack on former Obama advisor Valerie
Jarrett her career is history
her powerhouse agents dropping her late
today and her long-running attempts to
throw out vitriol and then say it's a
joke that's history too you can see here
her original tweet likening Valerie
Jarrett to the baby of the Planet of the
Apes and the Muslim Brotherhood in her
bad joke apology five hours later not
enough to stave off any of these
consequences ABC did not cancel Roseanne
today because they learned about what
she stands for the corporation I want to
be clear tonight has long known what she
stands for ABC cancelled Roseanne today
because it had to Valerie Jarrett spoke
to MSNBC tonight about the decision and
note that well while Roseanne may have
wrongly and narrowly viewed miss Jarrett
through strictly a racial lens in these
new comments I'm about to show you
Jarrett emphasizes she has more power
than many other people in this country
she has more defenders and more friends
and more followers so that while racism
is always of course wrong whether it is
casual or formal systemic or offered as
some kind of quote bad joke Valerie
Jarrett is telling us all tonight she's
actually more concerned about the
insidious and damaging impact of this
kind of racism on so many other people
living through all of this right now I
think we have to turn it into a teaching
moment I'm fine I'm worried about all
the people out there who don't have a
circle of friends and followers who come
right to their defense the person who's
walking down the street minding their
own business and they see somebody cling
to their purse or one across the street
or every black parent I know who has a
boy who has to sit down and have a
conversation but talk
as we call it and those as you say those
ordinary examples of racism that happen
every single day and I think that's why
I'm so glad to be here this evening
talking with all of you to be here this
evening she is referencing this
discussion of civil rights and race
relations with joy reid and chris hayes
it airs tonight now it could not of
course have been specifically timed for
this latest umbrage but it's a sour if
obvious thing to note that just about
any week there'd be something to discuss
consider that just this month the NFL
has barred its players from kneeling on
the field to protest racist police
brutality the two african-american men
were arrested at Starbucks in
Philadelphia while waiting inside for a
friend an employee called the police and
we know what happened after that but
this month we also saw the release of
such familiar body cam footage again
showing the arrests and this time a
tasing of an NBA player sterling Brown
this was after he was walking out of a
drugstore apparently peacefully the
mayor condemning his own police in that
incident or consider that this year
alone at least nine unarmed
african-american men have already been
killed by police that is a wider context
as these comments reverberate I am
joined by the Reverend Al Sharpton whose
host of MSNBC's politics nation and was
with Miss Jared earlier today comedian
Chuck nice who's guest hosted the view
on ABC as well as Aisha Moody Mills a
strategist and analyst Reverend Sharpton
I wonder if you could begin by talking
to us and educating us about the point
that Valerie Jarrett made because she
was asked about racist comments against
her but she broadened it immediately to
what she called the talk the fact that
people in this country who happened to
be black live and operate in fear of
being killed for no reason that this
casual racism if we want to call it that
these Roseanne tweets
exist in a much more harrowing context
every single day for many people if you
could start there and then tell us
whatever else you want about about what
you saw today being out there well I
think that would miss Jan was raising is
that
she was attacked in very racial terms
are compared to 1/8
I mean we're back to Black's bein
monkeys or many of us came out right
away certainly I did and others saying
that ABC had to deal with it but what
she was saying is what about ordinary
average unknown blacks that have to go
through this every day all people of
other races or persuasions meaning
religious beliefs or whatever and that
we've got to deal with this as a
systemic problem that is not held
accountable and I think that's part of
the town-hall meeting that Chris and joy
and I and miss Jo part of our part of
here in Philadelphia that air tonight is
that this is an everyday thing but the
danger of what we saw would Roseanne is
the normalizing of it at a high level
Roseanne is not a comedian and a
nightclub
she is a number one television artist
she is a defender of this president and
one of the things I think we need to
understand is we knew that racism had
gone anywhere but it's been emboldened
by a president that build his career
birtherism which in itself was
race-based and has given these dog
whistles that empowers someone like
Roseanne but reality set in because ABC
cannot do business and continue to have
somebody like that as their lead show
rev did we learn anything new about
Roseanne today or did she just finally
get caught in a situation where the
company had to go a different direction
which is to say were they profiting off
this for as long as they could happily
and then today they just realized they
couldn't I don't think we learned
anything new about Roseanne I think we
learned something new about ourselves
and that is that if we resist an
affirmative and aggressive we can't make
things become enforced in terms of
stopping this and I think that would ABC
in all the politics going on there with
their sale and merging
that they could not afford even though
she's a highly rated show when they saw
a buildup of resistance he had wanda
sykes quit the show who was one of the
contributing consultants a real active
of heroism by Wanda Sykes so as this
thing began to build up I think that
they understood that you made up all you
won you can't duck your consumers and we
learned our power if we resist we don't
learn anything new about Rosa you should
listen a little more to Valerie
Jarrett's response to this tone does
start at the top and we like to look up
to our president and feel as though he
reflects the values of our country but I
also think every individual citizen has
a responsibility to and it's up to all
of us to push back our government is
only going to be as good as we make it
be and as Reverend always taught me you
have to be people on the inside have to
push hard and people on the outside have
to listen this is a Trump story this is
absolutely a Trump story and you know
I've tried to have empathy for a lot of
the Trump supporters for the folks that
Roseanne thinks that she represents
claims that she is the mouthpiece for
but at the end of the day I really don't
believe it working-class people and that
all white working-class people hold the
same bigoted ignorant racist views that
they do and and and Valerie Jarrett is
so right like we need those people to
step up and say whoa whoa whoa whoa
right like I appreciate you reflecting
part of my economic experience back at
me but like I'm not a bigot I'm not a
racist and they need to be the ones that
we hear from on Twitter coming for the
president and coming for a Roseanne and
and that's the bigger conversation the
reality is is that that show that
revival shouldn't have happened in the
first place we knew who she was we
always knew who she was the fact that
the dollars mattered a lot more than
character is something I hope that is
changing just generally that consumers
are no longer interested and investing
in and supporting people who just are
nasty like jerks well and so Chuck first
of all as the comedian on the panel will
be very interested to see how you make
it funny
and here's a joke about that's that's
your cross to bear
is that my cross your cross to bear but
because you bring you bring an
experience within the entertainment part
of this I want to ask you about that
because to build on Reverend Sharpton's
point right part of what Donald Trump
found going into the election in 2016
was that the market for racist
birtherism was underserved right that
John McCain whatever you think of his
politics when he was running and a woman
stood up in his rally and famously said
well he you know he's from Kenya John
McCain in the middle of campaign when
his political future mattered said no we
don't do that and so Trump saw that and
saw a market and boy was it a bigger
market than some people wanted to admit
ABC saw that market and they said yet
you know what to your point we're gonna
go for that and then today they had to
back off but how do you as an
entertainer see an environment where if
there is a market the traffic's in that
it's gonna get served when it's
profitable until shame overrides profit
well I mean there's no shame in the
entertainment game period that's all
there is to it
what are you is this breaking it are you
saying there's no shame in the game it's
a news flash to me but no seriously
here's the thing the president is a
reflection of the country unfortunately
what we don't want to do is look at that
mirror so when you look at America the
president represents a very significant
part of this country that is indeed
racist that is indeed bigoted that is
indeed hateful now here's the problem
you can't apologize for being that okay
you apologize for stepping on somebody's
foot because you're genuinely sorry and
then you move on but you can't apologize
for being a bigot you have to repent and
what has to happen in America is we have
to have a repentance when it comes to
the bigotry and hatred that is pervasive
in our society so Rev we're talking
about repentance so we're gonna we're
gonna go from the comedian to the
Reverend trying to do a little repenting
right now I wonder if you could build on
what Chuck saying cuz there is a sort of
a tequila theory of Donald Trump that
the country has all its tequila through
the election it wakes up it says okay
that happened and then did the tequila
reveal who we really are or did it make
us go further and farther and somehow be
worse than we are because sometimes it
can reveal truth and sometimes it can
make you behave worse and that America
and I'll say it because tonight's the
kind of night to talk about it white
America needs to look at this and say
yeah if you voted for Trump cuz you're
pro-life and and Hillary was pro-choice
and that's often the dividing line then
fine then you can explain that because
you feel that way but if if you did
traffic and Trump because you like this
kind of Roseanne thing and you want to
compare human beings to Apes
we need to repent and deal with that
before we go forward I think that what
we have seen is that a lot of this was
there some was just latent and became
worse because you've got to remember now
that you have the imprimatur of the Oval
Office sanctioning these kinds of dog
whistles are outright blatant
Islamophobia racism homophobia and this
question of misogyny alright I mean
you've got to remember he violated every
one of these and was elected president
and stands there in the Oval Office and
goes into residence at the White House
tweeting this stuff so it makes people
that were on the edge worse it makes
people that already they're filled
embolden and those of us that are
opposed to this kind of bigotry who are
I believe still a majority of the
country because don't forget we made
progress we didn't get everything we
wanted but we moved made progress I
think the majority starts looking like
we're marginal rather than mainstream
and I think what we saw today is people
say the ABC
we're the mainstream and we're not gonna
tolerate this and I think we've got to
demonstrate it at the polls and we've
got to demonstrate it at out with our
pocketbooks right and there is power to
that because the headline tonight is a
major company taking a financial hit for
what they could no longer defend I mean
Roseann was gangbusters as a network
reboot Chuck take a listen to build on a
point that the three of you is made of
the Donald Trump has been all in this
for a while when Mexico sends its people
they're not sending their best they're
bringing drugs they're bringing crime
they're rapists a total and complete
shutdown of Muslims entering the United
States until our country's
representatives can figure out what the
hell is going on
you know what look at my
african-american over here look at him
did you also had people that were very
fine people on both sides you had people
in that group excuse me I want to meet
that african-american that one yeah that
one guy look at my african-american
there I'm just saying you know what
here's the thing those aren't dog
whistles what he did was he turned the
dog whistle into a public address system
and he screamed it loud and he screamed
it clear and you heard the cheers of the
people who actually agree with that and
you know part of that is why the reason
that he's president but the cool thing
is thank thank God it's happened it's
out it's not it's out okay it's like
America is out of the closet right now
the whole world is looking at us right
now okay
we are the drunk uncle at the cookout
that's all there is to it there is no
yep tequila and the people are rising up
I mean if there's anything positive to
come out of this yes like we're showing
our true colors but we're also seeing an
entire nation that is moving whether it
be women whether it be the immigrant
community whether it be just people of
color in general and of course black
people talking about how our lives
matter like we are mobilized we are
energized and I think that you know rev
who has been doing this work forever
could attest to the fact that this
groundswell of energy isn't going
anywhere and I'm expecting that that's
going to be what continues to move us
forward despite this little blip on the
map of history hey I'm re Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
