Harvey Weinstein's criminal defense
attorney was back in court today with a
new defense and weinstein accuser
natassja malty and actress will join me
in a moment to discuss her allegation
the Weinstein raped her in 2008
now Weinstein's attorney was in court
for two hours today he's now arguing the
Weinstein might not get a fair trial and
then added this defense on the
courthouse steps I've really never been
in in that position where I am defending
a crime which is serious on its face but
when you drill down into it based on my
investigation also in my opinion absurd
actress Natasha multi joins me now along
with her attorney Gloria Allred who is
representing several women accusing
Weinstein of sexual misconduct over 90
have come forward publicly natassja
thank you for taking some time to join
us what is your reaction haven't seen
the arrest of Harvey Weinstein last week
and the defense's that his lawyers are
putting out in this case I think it's a
it's a very complex situation my first
reaction to the visual images were you
know I I felt very uncomfortable and I
find it sad and the first thing that
came to my mind were children you know
seeing their dad handcuffed and I don't
think anybody could feel good about that
having kids see that and being that kind
of situation so that's that's that was
my first reaction so you empathize with
him as a human being going through this
situation on Friday I would say probably
apart from your history with him you've
alleged that he basically tried to get
you to exchange sex for a potential
career opportunities I think you know I
received script the day after the
incident and I call it the shut your
mouth script and I I believe that
abusing your power to such an extent is
extremely violent against a woman who
doesn't have power and also the fact
that everybody knows in Hollywood how
much power he has in the one phone call
away from destroying anything that
you've built I don't entirely see this
as his fault
because there were so many yes people
around him there were so many people who
if I mentioned it to anyone they it was
like a glaze over their eyes there there
is something in that business that I
could feel on a daily basis that was
pure violence against women trying to
work themselves into a successful role
let me turn to Gloria Allred
part of what we're hearing here is that
it may start with accountability for one
individual but there is a lot more work
to be done if you're going to deal with
a system corporate personal social that
reinforced this conduct for so long well
that's true Ari and a matter of fact in
the lawsuit that I have filed
against Harvey Weinstein we are we've
also amended it now to include members
of the Board of Directors of The
Weinstein Company in the lawsuit that we
have filed so yes but I do agree with
her that others were also enablers and
will determine who those enablers were
not ready to reach a conclusion yet I
think that mr. Rothman's defense today
of mr. Weinstein is patently absurd the
even if a woman had a 10-year consensual
relationship and I don't know that she
did because I don't know those facts
involving that particular alleged victim
and I don't represent her but even if
that were true it doesn't mean that on
any individual time or occasion she
can't say no and that no must be
listened to so it's possible to be raped
again I don't know what happened here
whether he raped her or not but it's
possible even if you have a consensual
relationship we know that in many states
a wife can be raped she has the right to
say no even if she's in a long-term
marriage with her husband so I don't
know what he's getting to it may be that
he's just club you know clutching at
straws trying to think of some kind of
defense casting couch I don't know what
he's going to bring to bear but I think
it's going to be tough for him as a
defense attorney and Natasia final
question to you what would justice look
like here in the in the case of
Weinstein in your view you know I have a
very huge imagination and I sometimes
look at the world through other kinds
another kind of Gilad other kinds of
glasses and
you know I don't believe how criminals
are treated in the United States and the
anywhere the jail the jail system I I
find that to be a very outdated system
and I would like it to be more of
nurturing and rehabilitation for people
who make wrongs I I in my own brain have
thought anyone who conducted and and and
contributed to this terrible culture
towards women should dedicate their life
to fixing that wrong hey I'm already
Melvin from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
