recent Gallup poll shows the Republicans
are now much less likely to say that
it's very important for president
provide moral leadership just 63 percent
of Republicans they say presidential
moral leadership is very important
that's down from 86 percent of course
during the the clinton ministration
Democrats particularly also flipped on
the issue 77 percent now same our
leadership is very important versus
sixty four percent who felt that way
during the Clem ministration so it
depends who's in office a new HBO
documentary however John McCain for Whom
the Bell Tolls depicts a politician who
takes moral leadership very seriously
for all seasons let's watch McCain was
always willing to break the mold he was
in if it was clearly the right thing to
do and that's an invaluable commodity
her she thought is gonna win me McCain
has an authentic inner voice even when
he compromises for political reasons
he knows he's compromising some piece of
himself for John to say we're all
Americans were all on the same team I
thought was an indication of who John
fundamentally was you need to give the
American people what they deserve and
right now they're not giving John McCain
showed his leadership when he defended
President Obama during the 2008 campaign
less than a month before that election
let's watch him here I don't not even I
can't trust Obama III have read about
him and he's not he's not he's a he's an
Arab he is not no no ma'am no ma'am he
said he's a he's a decent family man
citizen that I just happened to have
disagreements with on fundamental issues
and that's what this campaign is all
about Germany now mark Salter former
senior adviser to John McCain and Teddy
cun hard one of the filmmakers of John
McCain for Whom the Bell Tolls which
premiered on HBO last time you can watch
right now mark thank you for coming on
ice you must be so proud of John for
dead for that moment oh yeah I was there
it was quite a moment but he was trying
to win the presidency and that was not
gonna help him what he said he was we
were having a rough go after that I
think that was after Lehman Brothers but
yes of course we were fighting very hard
to win but
he's guy who lives by an honor code and
that was an example of it no well let me
as a profile encourage of course Teddy
tell us about the movie I watched it I
would have liked it I watched it today
it's on HBO anybody's got HBO can watch
it I just wondering how you were able to
get in to sit for all that time I love
the pacing of it I mean this shows Boom
Boom Boom Boom Room because it's a news
show and now it shows and it's on every
night but the beauty of yours is it's
it's it's it's quiet it's Sedona
it felt quiet and a chance to actually
hear from a guy about his soul
I thought thanks for having me Chris
well when we pitched the show to John it
was an immediate yes and let's get you
down to Sedona quickly while while I'm
still doing well and he and Mark were in
the middle of writing their book and he
was already in a reflective spot so for
us it was a dream come true you know
sitting on his front porch if you could
hear the cicadas we had some issues with
that but we were able to capture what we
thought was was was the true man what do
you think it was about him they gave him
this serenity I mean he's gonna die
we're all gonna die but he has this
thing chasing him right now brain cancer
which we know what happened to Ted
Kennedy people like that it's there
the prognosis is are pretty accurate and
he has he how do you think he's handled
this so serenely I mean John's been
fearless his whole life whether it was
in Vietnam as a Pio W the guy the guy is
not scared and this is just another
chapter and he's he's facing it from
front foot forward and you know I saw
him a few weeks ago and he was he was
his spirits were good and and he's he's
just it's just the mark of the man well
McCain also reflects on his cancer
diagnosis in this film which you got to
watch let's watch it now together
I know that this is a very vicious
disease
I agreed every day with gratitude and I
will continue to do everything that I
can but I'm also very aware that none of
us live forever and I'm confident and
I'm happy and I'm very grateful for the
life I've been able to lead and I greet
the future with joy I'll never forget
the small part we had in covering at
John and back in the 2000 election down
in South Carolina when there was a
moment we thought he could win the whole
thing yeah it was at Clemson when he
came in there for our town hall that
night and we're just watching we had
nothing to do with its success we were
just watching it it was so exciting
their students went wild and then they
did that dirty campaign against him down
there it was robbed from him yeah how do
you get over that yeah every bad
experience he puts in the rearview
mirror from Vietnam on and takes learns
the lessons he wants to do from it and
moves forward
you've been co-writing a lot of his
books and here he is John McCain it's a
beautiful book comes out just at the
right time I guess unfortunately yeah
thank you thanks altar thank you Mike
sorry Ted Connor a wonderful piece of
film the documentary is called John
McCain for Whom the Bell Tolls
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
