so open admission that this is not about
facts or evidence or defense in fact
it's not about the work of it what we
most think and often think of as a
lawyer you know fighting the law making
the case for law they basically
accepting this is just gonna beat the
drum rally the base say anything you can
to trash the prosecution and don't care
where the fact where the chips fall
they're in the chips don't matter facts
don't matter it's a helmet statement you
bring up the law you're still right the
context is so revealing mayor Giuliani
is not negotiating with mall or face to
face he's not trying to actually hammer
out the details of an interview he's
negotiating through the press he's
trying to make the public case against
the investigation you know but Natasha
we've been through so much history with
with this president
remember for months through today in
fact today as of this moment he won't
put out his tax returns because he's
being quote edited he sent investigators
to Hawaii and he said they're getting a
lot of interesting stuff we know Trump
does not tell the truth we know who
makes up stuff now he's saying before I
allow myself to be interested to be
interviewed by the mower people before I
let that happen I must have an
additional briefing on what part they
have on me
what kind of defendant gets to do that
well this is kind of where it all comes
full circle where the Republicans in the
house like Devin Nunez who have been
kind of manufacturing scandal news for
the last year over the unmasking scandal
over the FISA warrant and now all the
FBI informant it's all coming full
circle where Trump is now saying well if
all of this is true then I want to see
proof of this well here's Rudy I told
them I said both of I suppose today
quote we need all the documents before
we can decide whether we're going to do
it he's setting the standard what isn't
gonna be hit with a subpoena eventually
Robert is not just gonna be the end of
this game the question that challenge
Mahler faces the question is does he
actually issue a subpoena to the
President of the United States or does
he just pull back and publish the report
to send the report to Rosen Stein at DOJ
about the president's conduct well why
don't you go for it possible perjury if
Trump keeps talking under oath like he
does in public you'll get them on
perjury and that's exactly what they
don't really want him to sit down with
Muller and that's why they're making
these excuses now saying that no he has
to have a briefing of these high
confidential documents that are
implicated in the investigation into him
and two hints campaign which obviously
they the prosecutors wouldn't want him
to see as a prerequisite for him to sit
down with the Special Counsel which
clearly is not something that's that's
going to happen Robert no no no one
knows this both you because you are
truly objective and you truly don't have
any attitude about Trump that it's not
worthy of you
do you believe that Trump and Giuliani
have ever talked the facts of this case
do you think that Trump has ever come
clean with Giuliani about what he did
with his in-laws what he did with his
son what he did with his people like
Rick Gates and man afford and what
conversations he might have had that led
them to colluding with the Russians you
think they ever had that conversation I
don't think they've had an extensive
conversation about the details of the
case of his innocence or guilt mayor
Giuliani's told me they've had these
long conversations at the golf club in
Virginia for hours on end but what
they're talking about there is the TV
case against Muller how'd it go after
Muller's credibility never about the
facts remember why was this look
important cause I was Giuliani brought
in because he thought the president
thought the other lawyers were too
cooperative and so Giuliani is the
opposite so the actual guilt or
innocence of this president's never been
a topic of conversation by Giuliani of
the president well there are no they're
already shifting the goalposts it used
to be when Ty Cobb and John Dowd were at
Trump's that were Trump's lawyers it was
okay well he has nothing to hide so why
not sit down with Muller now it's
because he never told them anything down
with Muller because Giuliani essentially
now seems to be acknowledging that the
president may be guilty hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
