in crowds I mean you and I both saw it
and while across the Midwest John McCain
was reprimanding his supporters when
they called President Obama than senator
Obama Muslim Sarah Palin reveled in
which you just described post the
economic crash when it was clear we were
gonna lose we had supporters in these
crowds were frustrated
it made us cringe our candidate
denounced it but let's come forward now
to 2018 we have a president of the
United States and first off any of these
people who are working in a political
capacity in this White House
they are complicit with this they are
not hostages they are not serving the
better angels of our country they are in
on it a hundred percent the corseting of
this country with this mean-spirited
racist nonsense secretary Maddox I carve
out people in vital national security
functions that are serving in
non-political capacities I'd put
Secretary Madison to that role for
example when Pompeo goes out last week
and he talks about well no these words
just kind of get thrown around out there
BS part of a deliberate disinformation
campaign by this president we've never
seen the level of lying we've never seen
the level of race baiting you know we
think about the greatest president this
country has ever produced Abraham
Lincoln we think about Lincoln calling
to the better angels of our nature
Donald Trump every day from the moment
he retires summons our worst demons and
the people in that White House are in on
it with him they are cautioning the
country the level of lying the level of
deceit the level of attacks on our
institutions the Sundering of the
country for political purposes all of it
it is deliberate it is purposeful it is
premeditated they know exactly what
they're doing there's a political
strategy to it it is not providential it
is not accidental and you either look at
that and you recognize not only is it
bad it's borderline evil and it is
hurting this
country and less worry about Valerie
Jarrett who served from the moment of
President Barack Obama's inauguration to
the moment of Donald Trump's
inauguration she served with dignity
with honor with the qualities of probity
and rectitude that are completely
missing from anybody that's serving in
this White House and so Valerie Jarrett
when we look at her conduct as a senior
official the government of the United
States compared to these people give me
a break we're going through the line in
an American president she's way out of
your league mr. president let's watch
Valerie Jarrett just now I think we have
to turn it into a teaching moment I'm
fine I'm worried about all the people
out there who don't have a circle of
friends and followers who come right to
their defense the person who's walking
down the street minding their own
business and they see somebody cling to
their purse but one across the street
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
