anyway meanwhile others news tonight
that the president is attorney general
about the Attorney General The
Washington Post is reporting the
president Trump talked recently with
Jeff Sessions his own chief of staff
actually about replacing sessions as
Attorney General according to people
briefed on the conversation the segment
the president remains keenly interested
in ousting his top law enforcement
official Susan he seems to get the
biggest kick out of torching this little
guy I mean he openly trashes him he's
now leaked the fact probably that he's
been talking to the chief of staff of
the guys about the fire he talked
Lindsey Graham seems to be feathering
the nest for this to all happen after
the election and Lindsey crabby I'm
sorry and Jeff session keeps on going I
mean and that's the most shocking part
actually is that he just says say what
you're gonna say do what you're gonna do
but Donald Trump the fact that he loves
that story he went to his chief of staff
he tries to undercut him because Donald
Trump is about taking down people that's
what he likes to do that's where he gets
his own strength from do you ever see
him supporting someone except for maybe
nikki Haley because he's afraid of her
yeah and what she can do tell me about
that why is he afraid of nikki Haley
because she's one of the most successful
high-level women in his administration
and is leaving and could be a potential
challenge to him you think she will run
I think she may right now it's more
likely if President Trump decides not to
seek reelection which is still she'll
take on Mike Pence I don't think I might
Pence may be too damaged as a result of
Donald Trump today he'll run again don't
worry she would have that shot she would
be more likely to have Donald Trump's
face than Mike Pence would yeah what
Jason here know knowing here yeah no no
like nikki Haley is not running in 2020
Donald Trump is running in 2020 and I've
said before she would not be a
particularly effective candidate across
the country she has no record to run on
in South Carolina and while there are
some religious conservatives who be
happy with it the rest of America would
look at the poor education the lack of
health care the restrictive abortion
laws her absolute failure when it came
to the assassination of nine people at
mother Emanuel Church nikki Haley does
not have a national record to run on and
anyone who thinks because she did a nice
job
for 18 months in DC that that's gonna
work in Ohio and Texas in California
hasn't been paying attention to what the
rest of the country really wants when it
comes such a story do we not say this
about Donald Trump in 2015 currently has
the same constituency as Marco Rubio did
it's professional Republicans and
activists and columnist and people on
op-ed pages exactly it's not meaningless
but that's where it is right now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
