you witnessed the incident and Starbucks
did not take the response listen maybe
you know we're a business we're not a
public park if you want to sit in our
store you have to buy something they
took quite the opposite Howard Schultz
has taken this head-on they're doing
this bias training today training
175,000 people and Schultz says it's not
just today this is just the beginning do
you believe that's a reasonable response
as someone who is in the Starbucks
itself I believe it is a reasonable
response I'm cautiously optimistic about
what Starbucks is doing but you know
they have a huge opportunity here as a
global brand to set an example for what
other corporations in America should be
doing so you know what they're doing
today is is is great but it's it's it's
really just a start
Jonathan you I mentioned it earlier you
spoke to Howard Schultz last week you
interviewed him and in your piece you
write that he had real relationships
with African Americans he could call
upon after the Philadelphia arrests
spoke volumes about Schultz and his
commitment to seriously addressing the
problem in other words it sounds like
you believe he's sincere in this fight
oh I believe he's absolutely sincere
when the Philadelphia arrests happened
Stephanie I started my own sort of
internal countdown clock to see how fast
it would take or how long it would take
for Starbucks and or Howard Schultz to
announce something say something do
something and it was in no time when I
talked to to Howard Schultz he said he
within 48 hours had decided that what
was gonna happen today was going to
happen but it was the people he reached
out to in those 48 hours that spoke
volumes to me he said he told me the
first person he reached out to was Bryan
Stevenson most of the country doesn't
know who Bryan Stevenson is but he is
renowned in the in in the world of
racial justice and justice in general
he's the head of the equal justice
initiative headquartered in Montgomery
Alabama where the National Memorial for
peace and justice or otherwise known
the lynching memorial was inaugurated or
open last last month this is a very
serious person he also talked to Heather
Heather McGee from demos anna deavere
Smith the playwright and an actress
sherrilyn Ifill the head of the n-double
a-c-p legal and Legal Defense and
Educational Fund who also awarded Howard
Schultz the national justice award last
year and I know that because I was the
emcee of that event and that's why I
knew given the speech he gave that night
in November that Howard Schultz would do
something in something significant when
the Philadelphia arrests happen then
Jonathan in some sort of perverse way is
there are silver lining that this
incident happened in a Starbucks a
company run by Howard Schultz someone
who will truly take this seriously and
will try to move the needle yes I think
it's two things it's Howard Schultz the
man because he believes this into his
core but also I think it's Starbucks the
company and what they were trying to do
is you played in the video I believe it
was Mellody Hobson another person Howard
Schultz called called who is also on the
Starbucks in the ward she said she
talked about the third place Starbucks
centers around this notion that their
company their outlets are supposed to be
that place between home and work and a
come a place of community of gathering
and so when you have a person like
Howard Schultz and a company with this
this model this third place model it was
incumbent upon Starbucks to do something
like this and it's important to note
what exactly to that point Mellody
Hobson saying we want Starbucks to be
this place between home and work so it's
not black and white if you walk in the
door you must be purchasing a coffee or
a snack so Howard help us understand
exactly what implicit bias is because
for those who don't necessarily
experience it it's pretty easy to
discount yeah absolutely Stephanie I
mean I think one of the things we have
to realize is that we sometimes
misunderstand some of these concepts
because of the construct we put them in
in our political society and the like
implicit bias basically is as a mental
function that we've all experienced and
all experience every day we see things
out there in front of us and we make
very quick assessments with their brains
as to whether this thing is safe or
unsafe positive or negative valuable or
not valuable and we do this in split
seconds much faster than we can actually
realize that we're doing it now at this
point we've got technology particularly
computer technology that allows us to
track human responses so quickly that we
can see how they play out but this very
same thing that has any of our Watchers
now walk into a party by themselves or a
meeting by themselves and quickly scan
the room and decide who's the person I'd
rather sit next to is the same process
that we use to filter out all kinds of
other things that are la from the daily
basis how challenging is that to take
this on implicit racial bias is a huge
issue that requires thoughtfulness and
it requires it requires time for people
to open their hearts and minds and this
is at a time when the country is angry
and when we are encouraging people when
you see something say something so so
Jonathan how do we marry the two at this
time of heightened tension to tell
people to be more thoughtful about their
actions and reactions this is a this is
a conversation that must be ongoing it
is not one that one sort of for our
afternoon session can can change you or
change people I think once people know
that such a thing exists that
subconscious bias exists they then have
to take the next step to recognize how
that works itself in their own lives
to point it out to other people who
might not realize it I mean the beauty
of today what Starbucks is doing is that
is it is teaching its employees or the
partners as they call them teaching
their partners how to look out for these
things and to be sensitive to these
things and then to keep that
conversation keep that conversation
going
from today on out I think that we as
Americans all together must also do the
same thing today is not a silver bullet
but it is the start it should be the
start or even the continuation of a
conversation
that this country has been having much
more seriously I think since maybe in
the last five years or so hey MSNBC fans
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
