more than 8,000 Starbucks stores along
with the company's corporate offices
will closed this afternoon while
employees attend to nationwide
sensitivity training for racial bias the
training follows the controversial
arrests of two black men at one of the
franchise's Philadelphia stores last
month
joining us now host of MSNBC's politics
nation president the National Action
Network Reverend Al Sharpton who caught
up with Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson in
Seattle on Friday ahead of the premiere
of tonight's MSNBC special on race in
America take a look we're in an age of
such polarization and racial antipathy
what do corporations who make money from
the public who enjoys whatever they
enjoy in terms of abatements from local
municipalities whatever it is how do
they stand up and become responsible to
this issue of racism well I'll just
share kind of my own journey and
perspective on this you know personally
I would acknowledge that this happens in
America race and racial bias is
something that America has been dealing
with for centuries yet I think it was
too easy to be on the sidelines and say
someone else needs to do something about
it
Reverend Al joins us now so you're gonna
show us a lot more later of that
conversation but how did you leave the
interview you know I went to Seattle
because I was very interested on whether
this was just damage control right oh
well yeah I really wanted to start a new
conversation and I think the Town Hall
that we're doing tonight with joy Reid
and Chris Hayes will delve in deeper
because I really think we've not seen
what the private sector is going to do
about racial discrimination you take it
at the same time we've had Starbucks you
had two incidents at two waffle houses
in different parts of the country one in
Alabama with the Clements case in
another with the Hall case in Wausau
North Carolina and Waffle House has
taken the opposite view we support our
managers we support police so I think
Starr Baxter took a step in the right
direction the question is where do we go
from here
and
is it a feel-good day that goes nowhere
and I wanted to challenge that and they
assured me that they're willing to
engage the community do business with
black entrepreneurs and really try to
lead the corporate world in a balanced
way
I think we also need to deal with the
law enforcement angle here which is
outside of the private sector because
let's not forget Starbucks didn't arrest
the guys law enforcement did Starbucks
didn't drag the Clements lady in the
Waffle House law enforcement did so I
think the private sector has one
responsibility but we've got to deal
with law enforcement in this age of
trumping sessions which is going to be a
lot more difficult yeah so so why why do
we continue to have problems with law
enforcement in these areas when many
times you'll see the videos and there
will be hispanics black officers so it's
not it's not Bull Connor in Alabama in
1963 1964 a lot of times it's it's you
know these tragedies come with cops with
Hispanic names or black officers what
how do we how do how do we address that
I think I think a lot of it joke is that
people feel and know in law enforcement
that they can get away with doing things
in some communities including officers
that are of color know that they can get
away with doing things to fellow blacks
or Latinos that they dare not do in
another community wiser because they
know that the punishment and
accountability is unequal let me ask you
this and I'm asking this in good faith
you know me so you know I'm asking this
okay so is there unequal treatment and
communities where I would live mica
would live we would live versus let's
say poor white white blue-collar
communities do you think it do you think
it has to do with affluence strictly
raised no
some of it of class and some of it is
race the difference on the race question
is you could be rich black or poor black
and you still have the race problem but
you and white if you're a certain class
you're treated different than the lower
class but some of it is classed right
and you've got to remember we're dealing
in New York right now with the question
of marijuana arrest where there's a
disproportionate amount of America
arrested some compared to whites why is
when everybody's equally use' it's
unbelievable but the disparity no gosh
in a French way that's what I love about
the special tonight which is looking at
you no obvious signs of racism obvious
cases of it but also stories that are
being shared where it was
misunderstandings and things that are
happening where you don't even know
you're being racist but it needs to be
pointed out by sharing stories um each
jump in I think that there's so much
here the main thing that I think away
from this is the fact that in America
we're still trying to figure out how to
not have a criminalization of
african-american and brown bodies so
many of these cases are not just about
the idea that that someone felt
empowered enough to call the police and
saw that that someone that the oven of a
different race was doing something that
felt suspicious it's the fact that like
African Americans when you're walking
your kid or when you're napping or when
you're barbecuing people are calling the
cops
and cops are showing up and saying hey
because we're so you in some way no no
not in all cases but in some cases
confident showing up and saying we're
just trying to do our job and part of
doing our job is we have to check these
things out but then when it but then as
soon as you get kind of a tussle and
African Americans asking for equal
justice asking for kind of a due process
on saying well why am I believe it
having to talk to you if I'm barbecuing
or why don't I talk to you from if I'm
just trying to have my kid walk through
the park that's when you see these cases
kind of escalate and you see cops on one
side saying well we're just trying to do
what's best for people and black people
on the other side say well you know
we're tired of kind of having to even
have these conversations with African
Americans I think today Starbucks it's a
great start to have these conversations
but this is so it goes back so far that
Starbucks hopefully is gonna be
something that they're gonna continue to
talk
and they're not going to just leave it
here with one day and also Willy what we
talk about all the time of the show gene
has talked about before - I mean the
question is when do fathers why when -
black mom and dads when do they get to
send their teenage sons out regardless
of how affluent they are or poor they
are without giving them the talk if
you're pulled over keep your hands up
don't move quickly if you do you could
get shot well you're certainly not close
to it right now but you're right it is a
conversation that african-american dads
have to have that a lot of us don't have
to have we're up to your point about
this not being a one-day feel-good thing
how do you make sure it is productive
how do you make sure it moves the ball
forward I think one thing working to the
advantage of this conversation is that
Starbucks has such reach I mean they're
in every city in America and certainly
around the world as well what do you do
so people don't just tune this out after
tonight I think they have to help to
change the culture and the level of
accountability
I cannot all my life since I was a
teenager I've been in civil rights and
pot that has been corporate
accountability you can't make people
love you and that's not the goal but you
can hold people accountable where they
can't harm you or cut off your
opportunity and not suffer some penalty
for it and it's the lack of
accountability where people are getting
away with doing things that are
egregious you can hate me but you should
not be able to use that hate in a way
that would harm me without being held
accountable well it's perfect timing for
tonight's special MSNBC Town Hall every
day racism in America it's hosted by joy
Reid and Chris Hayes that's tonight at
9:00 o'clock Eastern Time Rep thank you
so much and you can learn more at
nbcnews.com slash everyday racism and
and and Clint Messi
surviving in a social world of hackers
terrorists Russians and fake news that's
right very excited about this what's
when people read this book what's what's
the big takeaway you want them to have
why do you get on social media if it
makes you
you know evaluate why you do this
because there are benefits to it but
it's just like everything in life if you
do too much of it it's not good for you
you know watch your your usage and the
big thing is the more time you spend in
the virtual world the less connected you
are in the physical world that's the
biggest challenge for a country right
now is we're connected with people in
other countries like us more than our
neighbors Joe Joe needs a private
counseling session from uclan you can
take it on that by the way I'm going to
announce it right here I'm dead serious
I'm going to a flip phone hmm that it's
gonna be in five people we'll have the
numbers awesome can I have it
I'm going now I'm going dark man all
right that's it yeah shave my head you
know this is the way to go it looks good
on you the show is over now that does it
for us this morning Stephanie ruhle
picks up the coverage right now thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
