alright president Trump has spent part
of his morning yet again trying to D
legitimize Robert Muller's Russia probin
suggesting that the Democrats not Russia
will be meddling in the upcoming
elections quote the 13 angry Democrats
plus people who worked eight years for
Obama working on the rigged Russia
witch-hunt will be meddling with the
midterm elections especially now that
Republicans stay tough are taking the
lead in polls there was no collusion
except by the Democrats the president
continues why aren't the 13 angry and
heavily conflicted Democrats
investigating the totally crooked
campaign of totally crooked Hillary
Clinton it's a rigged witch hunt
that's why ask them if they enjoyed her
after election celebration and he
concluded for now with this sorry I've
got to start focusing my energy in North
Korea nuclear bad trade deals va chores
the economy rebuilding the military and
so much more and not on the rigged
Russia witch-hunt that should be
investigating Clinton / Russia / FBI /
Justice / Obama / Comey / lynch you got
etc after a weekend of a dozen tweet
joining us now former FBI special agent
and MSNBC national security analyst
Clint Watts his new book messin with the
enemy surviving in a social media world
of hackers terrorists Russians and fake
news is out today
good timing Clint also with us White
House correspondent for PBS Newshour you
Mischa
Ã¥lesund or good to have you all on board
Clint
I guess respond to the president's
tweets first of all given everything
that you've been looking into yeah you
know it's fascinating no one has been
more successful at reframing stories
with a complete fiction and then also
getting an entire audience to buy into
it and it's really fascinating I think
Kendall a nyan this morning was talking
you know about one of the accounts where
they actually have a diagram
of how the Democrats orchestrated their
collusion to take down the President to
create a dossier it's a revised history
and you know through all the research
have done over the last 10 years as you
know first it was terrorists then it was
sort of the Russian disinfo and now it's
Americans that are using social media to
create their own preference world which
is not real it's an alternative if you
look at the facts this witch hunt that
he's talking about has garnered what 19
indictments and several guilty pleas so
even if he took great issue with the
impact on his personal win isn't there a
concern that he should have as president
United States for the security of our
elections absolutely absolutely it is
incredible if we've gone through all of
this and never have I heard the White
House whether it's on Twitter or
elsewhere say ever how do we make sure
that a foreign country doesn't come and
knock us down again like this just
happened and it's really it's consumed
our politics he's right that it's
consumer politics mostly due to his own
discussion of it but it is consumed our
Congress it is consumed our in the
national debate and it's left us divided
which is exactly what it was designed at
this impacts our national security on so
many levels which I will get to that I
want to ask ya Miche who these 13 angry
Democrats are I think the 13 angry
Democrats are the people that he that
are the people I don't I would say that
the 13 angry Democrat that he's
referring to are the people that are
that are working on the Russia
investigation I I caution that by saying
that I'm not calling them 30 angry
Democrats but rather that that's what
he's trying to say essentially what the
president's doing is after calling the
media the enemy of the people heels and
he is now setting up and saying that the
Democrats are the enemy of American
voters he's doing this because he
realizes as do a lot of the sources I've
talked to that the midterm elections are
going to also be places we're gonna
we're gonna see meddling we're gonna see
social media hacks were gonna see Russia
looking at different candidates and
trying to find weak spots what they did
in the 2016 election so the president in
some ways knows that these things are
coming and as a result he's already kind
of putting one foot forward and saying
well the Democrats are gonna be the ones
to blame here and
it's a very powerful statement to make
because we're gonna have conversations
and segments about hey there was a weird
election thing that was happening in
Pennsylvania or there's this weird thing
that happened in California they're
these Facebook groups and and all these
bots that are happening like that's
gonna happen in the 2018 midterms mainly
because Facebook and Twitter and all
these social media companies still have
not completely wrapped their heads
around how to protect elections and how
to protect people social media from
really infiltrating from a foreign
country and because we haven't figured
that out yet there's gonna be it someone
to blame and President Trump is already
out there trying to blame the Democrats
we're probably gonna really the real
blame should probably be on a foreign
country and all this is exactly what
Clint's book messin with the enemy
explains Clint writes in the book in
part the internet brought people
together but today social media is
tearing everyone apart the quest to pull
back the curtain on conspiracy real or
imagined has pushed social media users
to fall back on their biases believe the
impossible overlook the obvious and turn
on their friends family and fellow
citizens
none of this compares with what Vladimir
Putin's propagandists have been able to
achieve in such a short time a system of
mind manipulation that authoritarians
now duplicate and if left unchecked it
will be adopted by politicians
everywhere to overwhelm Democratic
audiences with waves of conflicting
information fake news designed to
manipulate audiences for a hidden puppet
master the formula for a social media
counter-attack against the world's worst
is out there we just need to pursue it
one tweet post or share at a time and
you write in the book Clint about social
media inception effectively which is
exactly this which is this is the wet
new way that leaders will communicate
that they will create an argument that
they will create policy facts be damned
in many cases so what is that attack
you're talking about that counter-attack
you're talking about to fix this problem
yeah those best position for this are
those that can aggregate all your data
across all platforms and mine your
preferences through machine learning so
those we're talking about oligarchs the
extreme wealthy political campaigns
activist groups and so we have to
understand who those hidden puppet
masters are that what they're trying to
do is not only pick the voters but
they're picking the candidate and
they're picking the messages if you look
at really what Steve Bannon kind
did in his architecture as he matched
all those together and so the way to
combat that is to get back to fact and
fiction I've always pushed the
information consumer reports which
appears you know in your social media
feed or your internet search engine
tells you fact versus fiction you know
over time for a news outlet and also
tucks to opinion versus reporting the
consumer doesn't really know what
they're going to in social media which
is why they can fall for it and but the
president Clint has so successfully for
in many ways undermine the very sources
that would provide that fact versus
fiction so in other words if NBC News
says this is a fact and this is fiction
or the New York Times says this is a
fact this is fiction and it works
against President Trump or whoever the
next leader is president Trump can come
out and say well of course they would
say that there I could get me and I've
said that time and again right what's
been fascinating though is in the social
media world President Trump's Twitter
account real Donald Trump he was able to
block people that's extremely important
if you want to keep your nation secure
because a rebuttal cannot be seen so
that's insulating sometimes people think
oh I'm getting to the president that's
why you blocked me no he's blocking you
because he does not want you to chip
away at the base of information support
that has changed recently I think that's
a good opportunity isn't the problem
also that there are obviously those who
care about fact versus fiction right and
wrong but isn't there a lot at this
point of a great part of the country
that might even not care yes you know
that hey you know what everyone did
everyone's that Hillary Clinton did it
she you know so who cares who cares that
he's lying that's right and I'll give
you an example from a totally different
world which is the world of terrorism
this phenomenon happened actually with
al Qaeda and the Islamic state that's
kind of where I started the book you saw
social media powered populism overtake
al Qaeda and that became the Islamic
state and people actually believed that
going to the Islamic state this physical
territory would be a utopia and as
refugees were streaming out of Syria in
Iraq you had people going in to join the
Islamic state once they got there though
they realized it was a false prophecy I
think that has to happen in politics as
well I'm not saying they're like
terrorists but you have to go you have
to experience that you have to realize I
bought
to something that's a false good and
ultimately you have to make people not
martyrs but villains show them for what
they actually are and I think that time
will come in the next one to two years
let me ask you a really basic question
that has real salience for the few
months that we have between now and the
midterm elections right I keep reading
about the incredible advances in these
technologies that allow people to create
fake video right where the video can
look just like you yes just like me or
just like Willie doing something
unconscionable something scandalous
something controversial and people say
you look at those things that's very
hard to tell whether they're real or not
how close are we to that becoming a
plague in social media on the Internet
is that something that's gonna be a
20-18 phenomenon or is that something
we're gonna have to deal with in the
2020 context I see it more as 2020 but
it's already there and I always remind
people every time they think people
won't fall for somebody something
somebody is falling for it I mean that's
what I saw with the Russian disinfo I
would see and say oh no one's falling
for this if you look back at some of the
edge you're like no one fell for it
well 20,000 people might have viewed
that and I think fake video fake audio
that is going to grow over time both
because it will get better but also
because it'll be harder to tell and so I
think in terms of technologies and
Prevention's social media companies are
very worried about it and how they
police that there's some talk about
blockchain and time stamps maybe being a
way to authenticate something that's
real or false right but we always tend
to trail with the solutions whenever you
know this gets at hand so all right the
book messing with the enemy is on sale
today congratulations
Clint watch thanks thank you very much
the Emmys stay with us up next today is
the day that Starbucks across the
country closed early to train its
employees on a racial sensitivity the
reverend al sharpton spoke to the
company's CEO and he joins us next
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
