vacation into them and that brings us I
think to our next guest he's gonna turn
this into a jail bring in former
director Dalton powers National
Intelligence James clapper he's the
author of the new book facts and fears
hard truths from a life in intelligence
and we thank you very much for being on
the show this morning where do we begin
we had Rudy Giuliani trying to discredit
the special counsel over the weekend
obviously the president is and the
president takes issue with you I believe
he used a choice word to describe you
and so does Rudy Giuliani what is your
response well mr. Giuliani referred to
John Brennan and me as clowns and I'll
just say on John's behalf is a great
public servant who has served with great
distinction for about three decades
working his way up to be a director of
the Central Intelligence Agency and I
spent about 50 years in government
service
32 years in the Air Force which included
two combat tours in Southeast Asia then
later on served almost 16 years and
three separate civilian capacities in an
intelligence to which were political
appointee positions one in the
democratic administration and one of the
Republican administration so I'll leave
it to people to judge who who the clown
is as for mr. Giuliani I will choose to
remember him when he was mayor as you
alluded earlier of New York City and
actually mayor the whole country and the
inspirational leadership he provided at
that time as opposed to the way he's
behaving now so mr. director general
Hayden was talking to Mike Morell and
Mike Morell was asking why the Intel
communities were being attacked so much
by this president and general Hayden
former CIA director of course said that
the Intel community like law enforcement
officers like people in journalism like
academia the one thing they have in
common
that Donald Trump is attacking is they
are fact-based they are they don't
always get the facts right but they are
driven by facts and and that is
something that obviously doesn't play in
Donald Trump's benefit so he has to
attack go on the attack every day do you
agree with general Hayden's assessment I
do I think Mike had it exactly right and
we ran into this almost immediately on
6th of January of 2017 when we went up
to Trump Tower to brief the then
president-elect and his team on the
telus community assessment and right
away and I think the president's been
very consistent ever since
that anything that cast doubt on the
legitimacy of his election he has
problems with and so that was the you
know the bad news the truth to power we
were serving up to him and that's that's
that's been an issue where you know we
have alternative facts or relative truth
you know this kind of thing and that is
anathema to anyone that's in the the
information business general clapper
Richard Haass here one thing you used to
do in your previous incarnation is you
used to go up every January of February
and give the threat briefing and
basically line up the the major threats
the United States faced if you were to
do that now what would be on your short
list what keep what concerns you most at
this country faces well for the short
term certainly as long as Richard's
great to see you thanks and thanks for
the questions we'd like to say on the
hill
I think short term certainly by that the
next five to ten years since we're going
to have at least six more years of
Vladimir Putin I rank Russia is our
primary threat and for two reasons one
the the active and aggressive
information operations campaign that
they've been waging against us certainly
in the run up to the 2016 election and
that continues the other thing we don't
pay a lot of attention to is the steady
build-up and modernization of their
strategic nuclear forces you recall the
speech
that Putin gave on the 1st of March
outlining five you know weapons of
vengeance weapons and various degrees of
maturity so I think short term it's
Russia long term it's China China poses
I think a huge economic and scientific
and technical threat to the security of
this country
mr. director it's willie Geist it's good
to see you this morning as you know the
president United States has seized on
the word spy he's calling this spy gate
he believes the spy was implanted in his
side his campaign to watch him you argue
that that was an informant who was there
to watch Russia and talk to members of
his campaign about how Russia may be
influencing the election you did say on
the view the other day quote they were
spying on a term I don't particularly
like what the Russians were doing was
there a spy was an informant and what's
the distinction for you well for me you
know everybody's got their own narrative
on this as you well know but for me if
you're gonna use the word term spy which
I never have liked but anyway let's
assume it's a valid term to me that
suggests using intelligence tradecraft
employing a operative who has been
formally trained in clandestine
collection someone who is masking their
identity or someone who is recruiting
and this informant it was none of that
so that to me the informant is a most
benign form of intelligence collection
that you can do and moreover the
important point here is what was the
objective the objective is what what
were the Russians attempting to do if
anything to infiltrate and influence a
political campaign that was the
objective not to spy on the campaign per
se and mr. director was the Clinton
campaign also been made aware of Russian
influence on the campaign in a similar
way that the Trump campaign was because
the argument from Trump supporters and
from this White House in fact is that
you all were narrowly focused on
President Trump and not on Hillary
Clinton no other work there was an equal
concern for both both both campaigns
particularly with respect to cyber
incursions and cyber attempts to
penetrate
campaign so I and I think in defense of
the FBI there was a lot of turnover in
the Trump campaign from you know MANET
from campaign managers to campaign
managers and lots of other people a lot
of turbulence there so but I you know
the FBI I'm sure I know engaged with
both campaigns ie pres Bella
hi mr. director I wanted you to weigh in
on rod Rosenstein he seems to have a
strategy here he's trying to create some
kind of a date hunt trying to buy time
for the investigation to mollify this
administration in terms of even agreeing
to have these types of meetings briefing
the Republicans what do you think of
that
because it was after he agreed rod roses
John agreed to this meeting that the
president even began the whole Spygate
narrative it is now that Rudy Giuliani
himself is saying that he wants to see
the document so what do you think of
this strategy is it working
well Matiz it's you know it's buying
time and I I do think it was kind of a
solving like a stratagem to to buy some
time but I might worry that this may be
a slippery slope because of the attacks
on institutions and what I mean by that
specifically is the attacks on the
independence of the Department of
Justice and the FBI and so that what
this meeting that was had was I think
very very non-standard and contravenes
the traditional norms that we've abided
by for decades a director clappers John
Heilemann here I have two for you let me
ask you the first one here about the
origins of some of the of the work that
happened and that's now so contentious
there's cut to competing narratives one
is the narrative of President Trump and
a lot of the people around him which is
that all of the investigations into
Russia's intercession in the election
began with the steel dossier there's
another narrative the New York Times put
this narrative forward which is that it
all sort of started with George
papadopolis there's now some reporting
on both sides of the Atlantic that
actually there's another origin even
earlier
late 2015 that some of our allies picked
up through signal intelligence that
there were good contacts between the
Trump campaign Trump's orbit with Russia
that were concerning to them
particularly in Britain and that they
came to the United States intelligence
community and alerted us to that can you
comment on whether that's true or not
well I can't comment on the specific
origins of various Intel intelligence
that we acquired from from 15/16 and on
about the Russian activity so yes we
regularly and normally engage with with
our allies and have a great deal of very
pervasive sharing sharing with them but
I don't want to go into specifics here
see I will say one very important point
I think I should stress here is that the
dossier the controversy dossier which is
actually a compendium 17 separate memos
was not repeat not used as input into
our intelligence community assessment
and our only purpose at least my only
purpose for wanting to brief the
president-elect about it which was done
on one one basis by Jim Comey was simply
to warn him of its existence and what
the potential counterintelligence
implications were and this falls in the
category of no good deed goes unpunished
I suppose let me ask you one other
question about about your own some
language that you've used now on a
couple different occasions prior to when
your book came out and that now and the
contexts are promoting it I've heard you
say a couple times that Vladimir Putin
is treating President Trump like a
Russian like a Russian asset which is
kind of an extraordinary thing to hear
from a former DNI are you saying that
he's treating him like a Russian asset
or you trying to suggest that President
Trump is in fact a Russian asset no I'm
not saying suggesting that at all I this
was a commentary on Putin's approach he
is a trained and a deeply experienced
KGB officer and I think his instincts
are still basically prompted by hit that
experience so he approaches President
Trump or any other
interlocutor that he deals with as a
potential intelligence asset one to try
to co-opt influence and even recruit
that's just that's just the way he
operates so in the comment it's a
comment about him not the president so
director clapper Jeff Scarborough again
so Trump apologists people who are
trying to derail the investigation seem
to be trying to distract from the five
Trump associates who have been arrested
several pleading now cooperating the 13
Russian companies are the 13 Russian
individuals indicted the three Russian
companies indicted by going back to how
this investigation all began they're
focusing specifically on the FISA
warrants involving quarter-page can you
tell us what activities quarter-page
engaged in that specifically move the
administration to go to the FISA courts
and of course four Republican judges a
Republican pointed judges supported the
granting and continuation of these FISA
warrants but what specifically did
Carter page do to justify the movement
in the first place well I don't know the
the specific details but I do know that
he he had sort of been on the FBI's
radar since about not 2013 or so because
of interactions that he had with the
Russians and the concern was as it
always should be with those frequency of
engagements with the Russians were they
were they trying to recruit him or had
they already recruited him so he was
kind of on the scope already and you're
and you're quite right the fact that the
FISA authorization was extended through
at least three times I'd say and each
time when that's done there has to be
sort of knew from square a justification
for it so you know the FBI felt they had
a basis for surveilling him all right
James clapper
thank you very much the new book is
facts and fears hard truths from a life
in intelligence and we thank you so much
for your insights
thank you very much for having me still
I had a morning job will go live to the
White House where the administration is
trying to figure out what happened to
some 1500 missing unaccompanied migrant
children who entered the US alone
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
