first the details with Ivanka Trump's
big businesses in addition to being one
of the presidents top White House
advisors she was awarded seven new
trademarks by China this month on
everything from books to housewares to
cushions the trademarks came around the
same time President Trump vowed to find
a way to prevent Chinese
telecommunications ZTE from going bust
The Washington Post reports that six
days before the announcement China
approved five of Ivanka Trump's
trademarks and then on May 21st the
country awarded her two more Ivanka
Trump has now 34 trademarks in China
that would allow her to build her brand
in the world
sgt large this is kind Willy I'm I'm
just a dumb country lawyer I don't know
a whole lot but I thought like it might
be inappropriate I thought I remembered
definitely say they weren't going to do
any new deals like in foreign countries
they weren't going to expand in foreign
countries and new deals I didn't say
something like that yeah there was a
tweet during the transition in December
of 2016 where the president wrote quote
no new deals will be done during my term
in office President Trump dealing with
Beijing on issues like security and
trade his family's business dealings
there raised obvious questions President
Trump did not divest from his businesses
but he publicly claimed he would limit
the Trump organizations work tweeting as
I said no new deals will be done during
my term in office the papers he signed a
month later only limited that to new
international business here is sherry
Dylan the tax lord who drafted the
president elect Donald Trump's trust
documents in early 2017 the trust
agreement as directed by President Trump
imposes severe restrictions on new deals
no new foreign deals will be made
whatsoever during the duration of
president Trump's presidency read lips
no new
oran deals and yet John Heilemann one
new foreign deal after another new
foreign deal and you know I would even I
think we could even have a debate if
Ivanka Trump were not in the White House
if a vodka Trump were not employed there
for vodka Trump were not sent across the
globe in official capacity but week I
wouldn't I wouldn't have that debate but
okay yeah but but we cannot have that
debate at all because you know leaders
have said they have told reporters off
the record they know that the best way
to curry favor with the
commander-in-chief with the president
the United States is to play nice with
his daughter right they have said that
repeatedly and here we go shine to
giving trademarks that will be worth
millions and millions of dollars in the
future too Ivanka Trump into the the
fastest-growing market in the world it's
worth it's it's worth millions and
millions and now we're seeing Donald
Trump finally deciding he's worried
about jobs in China yeah I'm well you
know Chinese jobs was the centerpiece of
his campaign I don't remember this the
notion of making China great again no
maybe not
look this discussion I do i do remember
China I do remember instead of make
China great again it was make America
great again oh yeah on the back of China
right because they've been screwing us
for today's bad trade deals and and we
got walked all over by the Chinese I
think you know we have seen since the
day since the transition really that
we've had a fleeting and sporadic
reacquaintance and acquaintance with the
notion of the emoluments clause in the
Constitution there has been I think you
know systemic shredding of it and
trampling on it over the course of this
White House every once in a while it
comes to the fore though in such a
glaring way you know it goes on day by
day every day at the Trump International
Hotel in Washington DC where people come
in pour money into Donald Trump's pocket
in order to try to curry favor with the
White House there are million ways in
which the White House is benefiting
financially from the president in
both in the spirit and the letter khaa
IV ting the spirit and letter of that
clause of the Constitution but every
once in a while something like this
happens that's so flagrant that we're
all forced to focus on it again you look
at it and just say it's just utterly
outrageous and again yet that goes on
every day problem is week again he is
keeping alive a company that there's
bipartisan agreement causes a national
security risk the United States of
America I always talked about when Bill
Clinton let the biggest donor to the DNC
transfer missile technology to China to
make a buck yeah that's what we have
here except I don't think Chelsea got a
lot in return for that
yeah but Ivanka Ivanka is she's treated
really harshly over the weekend on
social media for pictures that she
posted but this seems like such a
flagrant conflict that violates
everything that when you go to the White
House it's what you vote to do and it
appears that she's just working on her
brand president Trump on this topic is
pushing a deal to keep ZTE in business
it involves a bigger financial fine
against the company and installing US
compliance officers a new board members
still it's receiving bipartisan
criticism Democratic Senator Mark Warner
called it a big mistake and said in a
statement President Trump should listen
to the advice of his intelligence
leaders who have unanimously said that
ZTE poses a national security threat to
the United States and Senator Marco
Rubio called it a great deal for ZTE and
China China is trying to overtake the
United States as the world's most
powerful country they're not doing it by
out-innovating us or out competing us
they are doing it by stealing they steal
our intellectual property they force our
companies to transfer this stuff over
and the only way that we are going to
stop them is that they face significant
consequences for continuing what they
are doing is putting them out of
business a company like ZTE is the kind
of significant consequence that China
would respond to to understand that
we're serious you know when you hear
this Heidi you wonder and wonder what
they're saying more on Capitol Hill but
also you know what are we missing about
this conflict with the president's
daughter
see this does seem to be a breaking
point here in terms of the bipartisan
outrage on Capitol Hill given that not
only was there not support on Capitol
Hill there was no interagency process
the president surprised his own aides
by doing this and to the politics of it
I just wanted to chime in on the
deal-making aspect of this because there
were two big selling points that this
president had when he was running for
office one was that he was a deal maker
that he could go in and cut good deals
for the American people
and the second was that he was running
against exactly the essence of this is
exactly against this the essence of the
swamp the pay to play politics with
foreign governments the Clinton
Foundation for instance how many times
did we hear him hammer Hillary Clinton
on this and then to turn around and be
defending a company like ZTE which has
been sanctioned for doing business with
Iran in North Korea is really the
essence of what he ran against but to
the point of deal-making is this really
a bad deal if it's a good deal for him
and that is the question that we have
here we don't know that there was a quid
pro quo but like joe says two different
potential ways that the president and
his family could be benefitting but the
question is is it a good deal for the
American people and the answer to that
appears to be no according to Capitol
Hill and according to his own aids so
Jim VandeHei there may not be explicit
quid pro quo we don't know that yet but
put yourself in the position of China
giving out trade marks when the daughter
of the president United States who works
at his side works inside the White House
approaches you and said I'd like these
trademarks what do you think you're
gonna do if you want to create a
business relationship and keep that open
with the United States I guess my
question is does the White House care at
all about this they put that you know
Attorney out which we played the clip
there about a year and a half ago saying
yes we've divested from this and we've
divested from that and the president
said there will be no new deals for the
Trump Organization but they go on
unabated here they they are a business
first family and they weren't gonna let
being president United States stop that
they don't care I don't think they care
at all about the criticism they're used
to the criticism
this is why you don't have family
members in a white house this is why
when you become president or a top
official you totally divest yourself of
your holdings to avoid situations like
this Marco Rubio nailed it this isn't
just about one company China has three
different strategies to basically eat
our lunch economically and one of them
is to steal our technology and that's
what Trump said he was gonna go after if
I want to go do business in China
they're gonna make me form a joint
venture and then they force you to
transfer your technology so they
basically do steal our technology
secrets and so by going after this
company that would have been a big deal
and by the way the president's own
Pentagon says you couldn't use these
cellphones on military bases because
they assumed they would be used for
espionage and that's why this isn't like
a petty politics oh the media's after
Ivanka's story it's a huge story with
consequences not just for today in our
national security but our long-term
positioning and our sort of economic war
with China and China's winning that war
he's putting personal finances of his
family above America's national security
I think sadly here we are a year and a
half later nobody's surprised the
question is what should Congress do
about it what can they do about it and
again you know ya hear people say well
there's no explicit evidence of a quid
pro quo well they're you know what there
really is do you look at Donald Trump
because what you look far as you look
for people that are doing things that
they would not regularly do before the
payoff or after the payoff things that
are out of character in here we all just
stopped in our tracks in wait a second
Donald Trump is worried about saving
Chinese jobs wait a second Donald Trump
is worried about saving a Chinese
company that is committing espionage
against the United States of America
wait a minute
Donald Trump is going in and letting
China off the mat on this company that
is an international bad actor what what
this doesn't make any sense seems
unusual and then we find out his
daughter right before that
you know the Chinese gave him a payoff
gave gave a vaca Trump trademarks and
access to the Chinese market in a way
that will make her millions and millions
of dollars even after Donald Trump has
left the White House look it's clear
it's the implicit quid pro quo my hunch
is the Chinese and the trumps are not
stupid enough to make it explicit but
the fact that again we're having this
conversation it's going on it's one hell
of a coincidence shall we say why
doesn't Congress use its hearing power
they could basically investigate this
firm they could investigate what's going
on with light us they can compare
whether other people are getting trade
you know what you put in charge of that
Devon Nunez yeah but maybe bob Corker
why doesn't the center corner that why
not why can't wait we can step up just
why can't you know this could all happen
after November elections but why can't
what probably can step up their example
where Republicans have stepped up on
anything in the past year I'm tired of
speeches and I'll just say Jeff Flake I
left Jeff I love Jeff Flake and all
these other guys I'm tired of speeches
you want to do something you know what
you there two votes Jeff Flake needs to
find somebody else and whatever the
issue is
if it's ZTE you go to bob corker you go
to somebody else and say you know what
big and I know personally because we did
this and say we're shutting the floor
down we're not gonna pass anything else
we're not kind of pass any any of your
any of your appointments we're not going
to do anything until you come over here
and you're people talk to us and we make
sure that again pick whatever it is
they're ripping infants from the arms of
mothers could be a good one are are
allowing a Chinese espionage firm to get
off the mat you know enough for the
speeches I really don't want to hear
your speeches if you keep giving Donald
Trump it's five months from the midterms
or whatever it is now the idea that
Republicans who've had no appetite for
hold it having out holding the
presidency at any kind of
over the course of the first year and a
half are suddenly going to five months
out from the midterm start holding
potentially embarrassing hearings to a
president they've lashed themselves to
all the more tightly I agree with you in
in we all at this table would vote for
it in a second and if I could shut down
the floor of the United States Senate
and force everything I would do it to
but I don't think there's any sign I
can't look at appetite for this today
the most more than there was yesterday
thing is Jim VandeHei and you were there
when eleven of us shut down the floor in
the house it just said nothing's
happening until fill in the blank well
in this case it's Jeff Flake who's
leaving and one other person who's
leaving who can say hey enough until
yeah and probably it's the investigation
the Robert and Lawler investigation
until until this nonsense stops where
you're revealing sources you're bashing
the Intel agencies and you are trying to
get in the way of an investigation that
your own wrongdoing nothing moves on the
Senate floor why can't they do that I
think Heilmann nailed it unfortunately
there's almost no Republican who has
who's not retiring who has spoken out
against Donald Trump the idea that they
would do it now seems highly highly
unlikely they're so worried about their
base so so worried that 80% of people in
their district who would vote for them
who are Republicans like Donald Trump
you know watch the John McCain
documentary last night there's just not
that many people like McCain who are
willing to sort of stand up to the
president take the the backlash from the
party because the party is like the
Democratic Party's been very polarized
and you have to play to the base and it
really has and some of these people that
you know I know quite well to see them
sit there and say things publicly that
we know when we talk to them in private
they don't believe they many of these
people by the way that's the thing
people should realize most of these
Republicans that are sitting there and
saying oh nothing to see here when
you're talking to them off the record at
parties in Washington they're trashing
Trump they don't like what he's doing
they're horrified by but you never see
it in public and I think that just
speaks to our politics today and I would
say the fact there's like there's no
courage in politics or very little
courage in politics
Republican Party is more Pro Trump now
at the level of the rank-and-file it's
more Pro Trump now than it was the day
that he won the presidency or the day
that he was inaugurated and as long as
that's fun the fundamental truth of that
obtains the combination of the lack of
courage in general on the part of pretty
much everybody but specifically
Republicans Madison's Senate reinforced
by the notion that the Republican Party
is more Pro Trump now that it was before
means that there's gonna be no change
until the political calculus changes and
that's not gonna happen until after and
maybe until after but the earliest
opportunity you see is the day after the
midterms so if Republicans take a look
at and let's be clear who they're
supporting more today than ever before a
guy who in 2015
called for the banning of all Muslims
coming into the United States a guy who
in 2016
played dumb when asked about David Duke
and the Ku Klux Klan he knew nothing
about their history would not criticize
them a guy in 2017 who preached moral
relativity between white supremacists
neo-nazis and democratic protesters and
a guy in 2018 who has accused Hispanics
of breeding who as always jumbles his
words in a way to always have an escape
route but called somebody animals either
a gain group are Hispanics in general
you go back and look at the transcript
and be the judge but he always does that
so his people can interpret interpret in
the worst way and now as a policy where
he is allowing infants to be ripped from
their mothers arms and lying the truth
is who's getting more support among
Republicans than ever before
congratulations to the Republican Party
Jim VandeHei thank you still ahead on
Morning Joe the former Director of
National Intelligence James clapper
joins us live we'll talk to him about
the Russia probe and what this ZTE issue
means for national security plus
president Trump strikes a positive tone
about the North Korea summit just days
after canceling it
I got that seventh grade role honestly
it's embarrassing
it's so embarrassing Billy can we broke
up I'm dating Billy we broke up wait
Eddie Howard thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
