let me tell you I am so grateful to the
thousands of you in this room and around
the state and around this country who
joined me on this drive to history we
are writing the next chapter of
Georgia's future where no one is unseen
no one is unheard and no one is
uninspired George Democrats made history
Tuesday night by selecting the first
black woman to be a major party nominee
for governor in the United States Stacey
Abrams but of course the fight is far
from over
in November Abrams will face off against
Georgia lieutenant governor Casey Cagle
or Secretary of State Brian Kemp
depending on the outcome of the
Republican runoff in July if she wins
Abrams will be the first black governor
or elected in the deep south since
reconstruction Wow
joining me now is Stacey Abrams the new
Democratic nominee for governor of
Georgia and author of Minority Leader
how to lead from the outside and make
real change well Stacey congratulations
to you I don't know whether to be
depressed that we have not had a black
woman be a major party candidate for
governor up to 2018 or to just you know
being just give you a hallelujah for
having accomplished it I guess the first
question is you won big you won 76.5 the
23.5 against the other Stacy Stacy Evans
but can you win in November ATS the big
question absolutely first of all say I
wanted to say thank you for the
congratulations and I'm gonna go with
excited I'm okay with history yeah but
here's the reality Georgia has changed
dramatically and we have a pathway to
victory we have enough Democratic
leaning voters in our state and enough
independent thinkers that if we stay
with our message and with our ground
game we can win well let's talk about
that we just put up the black turnout
numbers in Georgia I know that when you
were the minority leader there in the
Georgia State House you were embarking
on a project to try to reduce the number
of unregistered african-american voters
which is particularly high in Georgia 69
percent of registered african-american
voters turned out to vote in 2016 that
was way too
from 76% who turned out to vote for
President Obama in 2008 whereas white
voters vote at a much higher level
80% turned out to vote for Donald Trump
and to vote in the Donald Trump election
versus 77% who voted in 2008 how do you
change those dynamics and make them more
like what we just saw in Alabama for
instance where doug jones was able to
win we know it's a combination of the
right message the right ground game and
the right candidate I think we've
established the candidacy I know the
message is working I talk about women
like Pam a woman I met in Macon who has
never been asked what she wants for her
life who wants to create a daycare
center because she has too young she has
two daughters who go off to college and
one of them has recently given birth
she's gonna raise her grandchild but she
also wants to believe that she has the
capacity for more so I'm gonna talk
about economic issues about education
issues about making sure government is
working for everyone and then it's the
ground game we know we can win when we
have the right message but we actually
invest in our voters and that's what we
did from the beginning of this campaign
knocking on doors making those phone
calls and really pulling people into
this campaign and what we intend to do
is scale that up because it's not that
we can't do it it's just that we haven't
done it and my campaign will be the one
who gets it done and what percentage of
the white vote can you pull off I mean
we know that the formula nationwide is
that you need about four in ten white
voters because we presume that Democrats
usually get more than you know north of
nine and ten black voters can you get to
forty percent with white Georgia voters
I think that's the wrong calculus in
Georgia we are nearly at parity white to
people of color and so the calculus has
to be different
the goal is to hold those white voters
we've had to add more but to also
turnout those voters of color who often
just been discounted as potential voters
I believe that if we bring everyone to
the table if we build a true coalition
that reflects the diversity of our state
we can win and the challenge and the
opportunity here is that we will be the
only campaign that is doing that work as
we watch the Republicans try to out
Trump each other with their xenophobia
we know that by having real
conversations about their lives about
their economic opportunities about how
their children can get a good education
we can bring voters to the table from
across the state and what we saw on
Tuesday was that I won voters from
across the state of Georgia and I think
we can scale that up well let me play
the first attack yet it's already out
against you from the Republican
Governors Association it came out on
election night here it is meet Stacey
Abrams she wants to be president only
using Georgia as a stepping-stone wants
higher taxes on working families but
can't pay her own taxes Stacey Abrams
out for herself not Georgia paid for by
our GA Georgia 2018 path one of the ways
they're coming after you is going after
your personal finances how do you
respond to that I spend a lot of time in
my book Minority Leader talking about
how money matters and the fact that we
have real lives where we have to make
choices it's easy to be a millionaire
and not have to make decisions but those
of us who lead real lives in Georgia
know that debt is a part of how we deal
with things our responsibility is to
never shirk our obligations but to meet
every responsibility that we have so
I've been able to pay my taxes but also
take care of my parents take care of my
niece take care of my grandmother and be
able to run for governor that kind of
ability to manage all of my
responsibilities is what we need in our
next leader and I'll say this during my
tenure in the legislature I blocked a
150 million dollar tax hike on working
families proposed by Republicans so I
look forward to using that record and my
history of good leadership to lead the
state of Georgia what would you do your
it student loan debt any of that is that
relevant in this campaign if and it will
come up if it's out there oh it's it's
absolutely relevant because it lets
people know I know what they're dealing
with when you're when you're sitting at
your kitchen table trying to figure out
do you pay your light bill or do you pay
the interest payments on your student
loan I get that when you're trying to
figure out do you defer your taxes or
pay for cancer treatment payments for
your father that's the life I live and I
want every Georgian to know I understand
their lives and what they will see in
this campaign is authenticity honesty
and transparency because that's how we
have to elect leaders going forward we
have seen what happens when we don't
know the whole story and they will know
the whole story with me you you're
either gonna face Casey Cagle the
lieutenant governor who went
Delta Airlines for deciding to drop the
NR a special dispensation on gun
purchases he got thirty nine thirty
eight point nine percent of the vote or
Brian Kemp let me play Brian Kemp's ad
about how conservative he is I'm so
conservative I blow up government
spending I own guns but no one's taken
away I got a big truck just in case I
need to round up criminal illegals and
take them home myself
yeah I just said that I'm Brian Kim if
you want a politically incorrect
conservative that's me Wow is that more
of what Georgia is right now or is the
coalition that you put together more
representative of Georgia I believe my
coalition absolutely represents the real
Georgia the Republicans are going to be
duking it out trying to prove who can be
meaner and more spiteful and while
they're doing that we're gonna be having
conversations on the ground and all 159
counties we know that there are
Georgians who simply want a leader who
looks out for their interests who
understands their concerns and who
doesn't try to turn Georgia into a
national dumping ground for Donald Trump
xenophobic policies I'm running for real
Georgians who need someone to help them
and I'm not running against any
Republican I'm running for the people in
our state well Stacy we hope to have you
back on as this race unfolds good luck
in November I also want to mention that
Lucy Macbeth Jordan Davis's mom who's a
gun reform advocate she also won she got
more votes but she's headed to a runoff
for a Georgia House seats a lots of
historic election results for women of
color in Georgia Stacey Abrams good luck
thank you so much joy thank you very
much and coming up more on Democrats
chances of riding a blue wave in
November and later one of the stars of
the Royal Wedding takes on Trump Bishop
Michael curry will be here he joins me
live don't go anywhere
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
