nothing we heard today has changed our
view that there is no evidence to
support any allegation that the FBI or
any Intelligence Agency place to spy in
the Trump campaign or otherwise failed
to follow appropriate procedures and
protocols Donald Trump's attempts to
launch a new distraction this week an
episode of his white house reality show
focused on a supposed spy in his
campaign fell apart on Thursday as
Democrats characterized a classified
briefing by the Department of Justice a
briefing that up until the last minute
was only open to Republicans as
containing zero evidence to back up
Trump's claim also President that
meeting the White House chief of staff
and Trump's lawyer which made an already
unprecedented briefing that included the
kind of highly sensitive information
that's never and I do mean never
released to the subject of an
investigation
even more impressive nted Director of
National Intelligence dan coates issued
a statement saying both men left before
the substantive part of the briefings
began and that they were only there to
quote relay the president's desire for
as much openness as possible under the
law we of course have only his word on
that meanwhile Rudy Giuliani tells the
AP that he wants his own readout of the
briefing
doubling down on what he told NBC News
last week that he wants to see files on
the informant before Trump sits down
with Muller joining me now our panel of
legal experts former Watergate
prosecutor Nick Ackerman MSNBC legal
analyst Danny Cevallos and former
federal prosecutor and current professor
of law at Georgetown Law School and
MSNBC legal analyst Paul Butler um Nick
you have Rudy Giuliani now saying he
wants to see this the classified
information for one purpose only
to show it to Donald Trump's attorneys
and to derail the Muller investigation
that's exactly right
this is precisely what happened during
the Watergate investigation John Dean
met with sat in on the FBI interviews of
approximately fourteen Whitehouse
individuals the whole point behind that
was to get everyone everybody was saying
so they could give it to Nixon and
others so that they could come up and
concoct their stories so that they would
know where the pitfalls are and how they
could get around with people were saying
this was a way to keep tabs on the
entire investigation and be able to
basically mold their stories around what
other people were saying that is what
this is all about
that's why Rudy Giuliani wants us I know
Rudy Giuliani I served with him for
about six months when he was US Attorney
he would never in a million years have
ever ever allowed this kind of
information to be given to a defense ler
I mean this is total buffoonery right
now and it's just another example of
this administration trying to obstruct
the Muller
probe and you know and Danny there you
know there to waste look at it on the
one hand it is a direct attempt to give
a heads-up to the defense about the
prosecutors case even if that means
exposing classified data which in and of
itself is norm breaking and you know
should be terrifying to every lawyer in
the country whether you're a prosecutor
or defense lawyer but on the other hand
it's also tating the jury this is also
trying to say that no matter what Muller
comes out with there is a certain part
of the public who probably anyway won't
believe anything because they only
believe what Donald Trump says and
tweets and you there's a group of the
global strategy group of which put out a
survey and they put out a word cloud
asking people to describe the Russia
investigation look at that word cloud
you see the biggest word their
witch-hunt that Donald Trump just keeps
saying that over and over and over and
over again in order to get people not to
believe and if you go through this
survey which I was in a wormhole in the
wakeup room going through people
including independents have a lot of
doubt about the investigation and think
it's a witch-hunt and now they've tried
to add spy to just get that in your head
so that people won't believe it how much
damage could that in theory do to the
actual case that Muller is doing if you
now have a portion of the public that no
matter what he comes out with is just
gonna say which on you could make an
argument this is the largest scale
seeding of a potential jury pool that
we've ever seen because Donald Trump
really you have to give him credit
because he expertly creates a dialogue
where you have these catch words that
become part of the national discussion
and if you start substituting the word
spy in your head for the more cumbersome
confidential informant right human
source or cooperating witness that all
of a sudden you start saying oh yeah
well spy the a financial informant
sort of the same thing and going back to
something you said early in your
question when you talk about releasing
data included within that data that
defense is trying to get in a situation
like this is those very confidential
sources those human sources confidential
informants and look I'm a defense
attorney confidential informants are the
bane of a defense lawyers existence yeah
but yet I understand that if we have a
system where see eyes do not feel safe
yep coming forward then the entire
justice system is in peril yeah
absolutely and Paul meanwhile what
they're trying to obscure including this
morning you know Donald Trump and his
team go on these tweet storms to get us
to say all their buzzwords on television
to substitute those for the actual news
right so you you just had in the last 24
hours
the New York Times comes out with a
report that Michael Cohen met with an
Oleg Ark and discussed Russian relations
in mr. Cohen's office on the 26th floor
of Trump Tower he an oligarch Viktor
Vekselberg discussed a mutual desire to
strengthen Russia's relations with the
u.s. under Donald Trump according to
ender Andrew in trader American
businessman who attended the meeting and
invest money with Vekselberg also
attended the inauguration this happened
11 days before the inauguration and days
after the inauguration in traders firm
Columbus Nova gives caught a million
bucks a million-dollar contract you have
last night Michael Isikoff coming out in
Yahoo News that the FBI has retained has
obtained wiretap of a Putin Ally who met
with Donald Trump jr. Jose Grenda who is
a anti-corruption investigator from
Spain too at was asked if he if if he
was concerned that this guy Alexander -
Alexander tortion who also is connected
to the NRA who's also on the sanctions
list if his meetings with Donald Trump
jr. and other American political figures
if that should concern the Trump
administration
brinda says mr. Trump's son should be
concerned so just at the time we're
getting new information about more
contacts with more Russians more Trump
people they're trying to distract the
country with this spying news yeah Joyce
thanks got real high this week first of
all because James clapper
they're former chief of national
intelligence said that but for Russian
interference Donald Trump would not be
President and State got real dangerous
because rot Rosenstein had a bad week
and when rot Rosenstein has a bad week
the rule of law has a bad week because
he and special counsel Muller basically
all we have now to protect our
democratic institutions and so yes
Donald Trump jr. meets with this person
who's been sanctioned for rushing
Russian interfering with the election
Donald Trump meets with this guy also
has a meeting that he conveniently
forgets with not Russians but people
from other countries saying hey we want
to help your daddy get elected what can
we do
what's your Donald Trump have done he
should have called the FBI instead he
took the meeting and so you know the
conventional wisdom has kind of become
collusions no longer a thing it's all
about obstruction collusion is very much
in the picture it's in special counsel
mothers cross sites which means that in
Donald Trump jr. Jared Kushner all these
guys still have exposure not just for
watch struction but for conspiracy to
defraud the United States you know and
Nick you know Richard Nixon could could
not have dreamed of having this much
assistance both foreign and domestic to
try to make the case that he shouldn't
be taken down for the original Watergate
first one without the Russians in it and
you have now the Wall Street Journal
coming out with a story about an Israeli
intelligence firm that put out an
analysis of the election that Muller is
Robert Miller is now also interested in
they've obtained a presentation prepared
by an Israeli based private Intel firm
that outlines ways in which Donald
Trump's 2016 election was helped by fake
news fake social media accounts or in
The Wall Street Journal and all of this
disinformation all of the stuff in the
tweets everything has had an impact
Global Strategy Group again to put out
at the the same survey they talked about
earlier asked whether or not the Moeller
investigation has uncovered crimes only
41% say yes that the perception of
six in ten people polled is that there
have been no crimes uncovered there have
been multiple indictment lots of
indictments I mean this is all a result
of Don the con Don the con man that is
what he is doing this is a typical con
man routine where he makes things up he
lies day after day he is very directed
in his con and trying to get people to
believe something that is just not true
I mean there have been he's got three
cooperating witnesses already who have
pled guilty he's got a whole series of
indictments that have already come out I
mean there is real criminality that has
been uncovered so the idea that this is
a witch-hunt
when already a whole series of Wizards
have been indicted some have already
pled guilty yeah makes zero sense and
it's just part of Don the Khans pattern
of lying can we just put that back up
for a second the Danny Michael Flynn who
was the national security adviser the
United States he pleaded guilty George
papadopolis pleaded guilty rick gates
cooperating pleaded guilty people
directly paul man afford it was the
chairman of the campaign have you ever
been involved in a legal case in which
you've had this many cooperating
witnesses guilty pleas where the
perception is that it is all a made up
fake faux scandal and that there's
nothing to see let me play devil's
advocate or defense attorneys advocate
just for the case of argument now when
we talk about all the indictments that
have been obtained by the Muller team
you could see how one could argue there
isn't the big smoking gun that maybe we
expected from Muller and that's why you
see those poll numbers that could
explain it for example consider the fact
that at least two of the defendants were
indicted for section 1001 making false
statements which is arguably and again
I'm just playing devil's advocate to the
great Nick Ackerman here but when you
have a section 1001 false statements
case that's a crime that was created
after the fact it was created by the
Muller investigation you have the manna
fort case where he's arguing look none
of this stuff had anything to do with
rush I had to do with way before the
campaign so when we look at those
numbers that six out of ten we're
talking you can see how the argument
might go the other way but you submit
actual indictments out there and that a
grand jury is concluded at least
probable cause to believe a crime has
been committed
I'm kidding I'm gonna give a Syrah
bottle to Bob Butler the prosecutor the
problem with my buddy Danny's argument
is all of this consciousness of guilt
all of these lies and deception my Trump
and his cronies about forgetting about
these meetings with the Russians and UVA
when they offer to help Trump get
elected that's incriminating there's
never gonna be a smoking gun video table
of Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin
getting together and agreeing that
Putin's going to help Trump get elected
that's not how it works and that's not
what the law requires conspiracy to
defraud the United States has got to be
proved by all of the kinds of
circumstantial evidence that we're
seeing the defense lawyer the prosecutor
have both weighed in I leave it to the
hands of the jury that is watching the
show to parse it all out Nick Ackerman
Danny Cevallos Paul Butler great
discussion thank you guys and coming up
NFL owners join Donald Trump's crusade
to silence protest yay the fix
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
