the last thing before we go tonight as
Americans head off to a long weekend of
barbecues and beach time it's worth
taking a moment to remember why we
celebrate Memorial Day to honor the
servicemen and women who gave their
lives for this country cities across
America began observing local memorial
days or decoration days as they were
originally called following the Civil
War in 1971 Congress declared Memorial
Day to be a national holiday officially
placing it on the final Monday in May
this week nine hundred soldiers from the
third u.s. army regiment known as the
old guard placed flags in front of
228,000 headstones at Arlington National
Cemetery this part of an annual
tradition Vice President Mike Pence and
Arkansas Senator Tom cotton joined in
that ceremony has made a point to stop
at the grave of marine corps lieutenant
Michael Kelley the son of White House
chief of staff John Kelly who was killed
in Afghanistan in 2010 nearly 7,000
members of the US military have given
their lives since September 11th 2001 in
Illinois senator Tammy Duckworth a US
Army veteran who lost both her legs in
Iraq took this Memorial Day weekend to
connect why she chose to fight with a
domestic political issue very much in
the news this week writing on Twitter
quote one day our nations flag will
drape my coffin just as it did my dad's
and will my husband's and brothers I
will always stand on these legs for the
flag and anthem but it was also my honor
to defend people's right to free speech
including those who choose to take a
knee to express outrage at the glaring
disparity and how Americans of different
races are treated hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
