hello I'm joy Reid in for lawrence
O'Donnell and we have breaking news on
the Russia investigation just in tonight
and it's something that will likely
cause concern inside the Trump White
House and inside the immediate family of
Donald Trump the reporting comes to us
from Michael Isikoff of Yahoo News and
the headline gets straight to the point
Trump's son should be concerned FBI
obtained wiretaps of Putin of a Putin
Ally who met with Trump jr. izikoff
reports the FBI obtained secret wiretaps
collected by Spanish police of
conversations involving Alexander
tortion a deputy governor of Russia's
central bank who has forged close ties
with American lawmakers and the National
Rifle Association that led to a meeting
with Donald Trump jr. during the gun
lobby's annual convention in Louisville
in May of 2016 a top spanish prosecutor
said on friday the prosecutor saying
quote just a few months ago the wiretap
of these telephone conversations were
given to the FBI and asked that he was
concerned about torsions meetings with
Donald Trump jr. and other American
political figures the Spanish prosecutor
replied quote mr. Trump's son should be
concerned joinings down the phone as the
reporter who broke the story Michael
Isikoff chief investigative reporter for
Yahoo News he's also the co wash co
author of Russian roulette okay Michael
so give walk us through this a little
bit Jose green da who is investigating
Spanish organized crime how does he wind
up in a story that involves Alexander
tortion and Donald Trump jr. well Jose
Grenda is a legendary prosecutor in
Spain he has spent years investigating
prosecuting Russian organized crime
figures in in his country and in the
course of one of his investigations in
2013 he has secret wiretaps placed on
one of his targets
a guy by the name of Alexander Romanov
was a a suspected Russian mobster and
money launderer and they pick up 33
conversations that Romanov their target
has with Alexander tortion the deputy
governor of the Russian central bank a
former leader of Vladimir Putin's party
in the Duma very tight with Putin and on
these in these conversations Romanov the
suspected mobster refers to tortion as
El Padrino his godfather and the Spanish
police believed they had enough evidence
against mr. tortion to arrest him when
he was believed to be flying in to
Majorca for the birthday party of
Romanov these suspected mobster and
tortion never showed the suspicion was
he got tipped off by Russian officials
what's striking about this is all this
happened in 2013 he was a major target
of a Russian organized crime money
laundering investigation and during this
time mr. torchin is traveling back and
forth to the United States forging these
ties with various conservative
organizations in this country he's a
lifetime member of the NRA and regularly
attends its annual conventions I a
regular attendee at national prayer
breakfasts in Washington and during the
2016 campaign we now know he was
attempting to broker a summit between
them candidate troop Trump and Vladimir
Putin so there was an attempt to have a
meeting with Trump it never came off at
the plan was to have it at the NRA
convention but Donald Trump jr. did meet
with mr. torsion during that time so the
point here is
is that this guy was a major Russian
money target of the Spanish police and
Russian money-laundering investigations
who is forging all these ties with
American political thinkers and my only
question about the revelation for mr.
Grenda today which I reported on is what
took the FBI so long yeah these wiretaps
have been there since 2013 and really
quickly Michael is there any evidence
that these wiretaps that were picked up
by mr. Grenda as part of his
investigation contained Donald Trump
Jr's voice and if you and I don't want
to create any confusion about that these
conversations were in 2013 the meeting
with Donald Trump jr. is not until 2016
so then why is why you write that the
special counsel may be and may be
interested in this information if it
took place before Donald Trump was
running for president why I mean do you
have any speculation when you're
reporting on why first of all I mean
this is the first hard indication that
the FBI is investigating matters
relating to torsion there have been
suspicions for quite some time about his
ties to the NRA and the massive amounts
of money the NRI spent during the 2016
election tortion had made multiple
contacts through intermediaries with
members of the Trump campaign or people
close to the Trump campaign there's
multiple emails to that effect so this
would appear to be at a minimum and
indicate a effort by the FBI to track
all the Russian efforts to penetrate the
Trump Organization the Trump campaign in
2016 and and certainly the overtures of
mr. portion would be front and center in
that Michael Isikoff thanks very much
great reporting in Yahoo News appreciate
you joining us this evening
Thank You Tory thank you and joining us
now is David corn Washington bureau
chief for Mother Jones and also a
co-author of the new book Russian
roulette with Michael Isikoff and he's
also an MSNBC political analyst also
joining us here at the table is MSNBC
legal contributor day
Savalas all right let me go to you first
David lots of Russians lots of ties
stretching now all the way back to 2013
which of course those have been
following this and following your
reporting know that that's the magic
year of the truck the Moscow Miss
Universe pageant put this together for
us why is Alexander torsion important to
this story well as Mike put it and we do
go into this in great length of the book
so we where you can get into more
details this was what we've seen over
the course of the campaign and even
before are multiple Russian efforts to
make contact with American conservatives
and with the Trump campaign they tried
with George papadopolis they tried with
Carter page to try with Michael Flynn
and we see early here this predating the
campaign but leading into the campaign a
concerted effort by Alexander tortion
who also represents a gun rights group
in Russia that doesn't really exist to
do anything they're making common cause
with gun right groups in America
particularly the NRA and attending
things like CPAC the end were
conservative gathering it was clearly
been on a Russian mission to influence
and gain influence within the American
conservative movement and to what end
we're not quite sure but he moved from
that operation into or used that
operation to try to connect the Trump
campaign to either Putin or other people
in the Kremlin so this is you know it
shows that before the Trump campaign
operation started Russia was already
trying to influence American politics
when Trump came along they kind of
kicked it into high gear and you know
Danny the word collusion is thrown
around a lot but I think what people are
really talking about is conspiracy right
whether or not you had all these
different players looking for various
points of entry into the Trump campaign
sometimes based on existing
relationships out of Paul Manafort had
or that Donald Trump himself or his
family may have had you now have Rudy
Giuliani on the former mayor of New York
who's representing Donald Trump either
on TV or in real life it's really not
clear which one but he tells The
Associated Press today that trumps legal
team wants a briefing on the
classified information shared with
lawmakers about the origins of the FBI
investigation into Russia's meddling
into the 2016 election may take it to
the Justice Department as part of an
effort to scuttle the ongoing Special
Counsel probe what we heard from Michael
Isikoff tonight proves that we're still
getting including foreign intelligence
on the operation or on the attempts by
Russia to infiltrate and others to
infiltrate that campaign is there any
legal basis whatsoever for the subject
not near another target but the subject
of the investigation to get the
classified information the way that Rudy
Giuliani is trying to do ordinarily
never the notion that a defense attorney
like me could make those demands on a
prosecutor before there is any discovery
obligation and any indictment when
there's just an investigation the
reality is the DOJ won't even confirm or
deny the existence of an investigation
so I think criminal defense attorneys
and federal public defenders everywhere
are watching Rudy Giuliani make these
demands upon the Muller team and think
this would never even be entertained in
any of my cases and I should also say
that look as a defense attorney
confidential informants or CIS or human
sources in many ways are the bane of our
clients existence but yet even having
said that the notion that we can easily
reveal who they are their identities
based on a demand that is very
politically motivated is a scary notion
these people who are confidential
informants are risking their lives in
many instances and to simply demand
information about them when we're still
in the investigative stage is a
dangerous thing and that's coming from a
defense attorney it's a dangerous thing
they could also be crying because I get
this question all the time you have
Devin Nunez who is a sitting member of
Congress weren't uphold the laws and
uphold the Constitution United States if
in fact he is attempting to reveal
information about classified sources
with the purpose of making that public
with the purpose of burning those
sources just to help the President of
the United States could that in theory
to be crime here would be a crime even
the purpose to help the President of the
United States it could absolutely be a
crime under the right circumstances but
beyond that is a public policy measure
yeah you
whooshing sound as all criminal
prosecutions go down the drain that are
using confidential informants because
it'll send a clear message in the
intelligence community and in the
prosecution the law-enforcement
community that if you reveal who you are
we may just you know reveal who you are
to the public if it serve some political
advantage absolute let me come back to
you out for a moment David cor just to
add up all of the different it's hard to
keep track of all the players at this
point there's so many Russians coming
into this campaign New York Times
reporting on new a new Michael Cohen
meeting Donald Trump's picks are also
met at Trump Tower with a Russian
oligarch eleven days before the
inauguration in his office on the 26th
floor of Trump Tower he meets with
Viktor vex of Becks Alberto
discussed a mutual desire to strengthen
Russia's relations with the United
States under Trump under Trump as
president according to Andrew in traitor
the men also arranged to see one another
during inauguration festivities and days
after the inauguration mister in traders
private equity from Columbus Nova Awards
Michael Cohen a million dollar
consulting contract he gives him five
hundred and eighty thousand dollars your
thoughts well I'm kind of proud of the
fact that we and Mother Jones last
summer reported that in traitor who is
Vekselberg cousin and runs a company
here that is affiliated with Vekselberg
x' transnational empire gave two hundred
thousand dollars to the Trump
inauguration a guy who's never given
more than twenty seven hundred dollars
before to any political entity and not
even a big Republican donor so it's kind
of suspicious from the beginning that
the cousin of this Russian oligarch is
funneling money into Trump's pockets and
now we learned that on January 9 2017
eleven days before Trump's inauguration
but more importantly three days three
days after the intelligence community
releases its assessment saying Russia
attacked the United States and did so to
help Trump get elected elected president
in 2016
three days after that report comes out
Michael Kohn is meeting with Viktor
Vekselberg
and talking about how can we make things
better here we know and then a few days
later he gets a million dollar
track from Vekselberg cousin it kind of
doesn't pass the smell test and I think
there's a lot more to be dug out here
Vekselberg of course but the cherry I'm
the only on the top of the of the sundae
here he was sanctioned a couple weeks
ago by the US Treasury Department this
is not a Russian oligarch who you can be
proud of
yeah I believe tortion is also
understand schism yes he is - indeed and
so so Danny we now have some more
trouble for Donald Trump jr. because now
we have this potential involvement where
FBI obtained wiretap of him with a Putin
Ally who'd met with Donald Trump jr. we
have that reporting from Michael Isikoff
and now we have on top of that Chuck
Grassley and Senator Chris Coons sorry
sent a letter Democrat from Delaware
sent a letter to Chuck Grassley senator
chuck Grassley saying that he's deeply
concerned that based on new information
that we learned this week Donald Trump
jr. provided false testimony to the
Senate Judiciary Committee saying he
wants to renew his request that he'd be
called in return to return and appear
before the full committee to testify on
open hearing what he's talking about is
testimony in which Donald Trump jr. was
asked the following question in front of
Congress did other foreign governments
offer to provide assistance to the Trump
campaign Don jr. answers none that I
know of did other foreign nationals
offer to provide assistance to the Trump
campaign no did you directly or
indirectly seek foreign government or
foreign nationals assistance for the
Trump campaign no are you aware of
anyone else seeking foreign government
or foreign nationals assistance for the
Trump campaign I'm not did you ever tell
anyone that you or the Trump campaign
will be receptive to offers of
assistance from foreign governments or
foreign nationals no and then we just
keep hearing about more foreign
nationals offering assistance including
talking to Donald Trump jr. those
questions track almost word-for-word the
federal election campaign Act and what
they're seeking to find out is whether
or not there were any contributions of
any including in-kind services even
pamphlets anything at all from a foreign
government or a foreign national and if
Donald Trump jr. appeared to answer
unequivocally no I know nothing about it
I was not involved then he may have he
may have presented false testimony I
want to be very careful what I say here
but it sounds in
entirely possible and if they're asking
him to come back they're giving them
another opportunity maybe not out of the
goodness of the hearts but maybe because
they want to see just how far he'll go
to try and avoid trouble or if he'll
just take responsibility or what he'll
do when confronted with those same
questions again yeah you know I was just
gonna say Joe you know in this one
segment take a look here we've talked
about torsion you know Trump jr. Viktor
Vekselberg and this scandal I understand
for people at home can be very vexing
we're trying to keep it he keeps things
and you know and in your head but you
know what the bottom line still remains
Russia attacked the United States and
while that was going on the Trump
campaign tried to collude with Moscow
they had secret contacts with Putin and
Putin's office which certainly
encouraged potent and then they denied
that any of this was happening yeah and
we just have to keep remembering that
that's the big picture that Trump wants
to distract us from yeah that in his
fixer Michael Cohen getting a lot of
money attempting to arrange meeting with
the with the boss David corn and Danny
Cevallos thank you both for joining us
have a great weekend thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights and
you can get more videos from MSNBC for
free every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
