we're back with our live coverage I want
to show you something look at this hotel
room looks like when Led Zeppelin used
to check out back in their heyday that
is shattered glass on the floor
there is water in the room this is
Panama City
just the after-effects of this storm
Kerry Sanders was saying where they
they're staying none of the windows were
compromised on the water side and we
don't know what building what
establishment but this is what can
happen it's why you see people board up
windows and it's why last resort
you see people tape up windows because
that tape does help in keeping the
shards inside those are that's a tree
breakage there and the National Weather
Service will look to see if the trees
are broken and facing in different
directions as they try to make a
determination whether or not the winds
were tornadic and not just from this
hurricane we've been waiting to talk to
this gentleman for quite a while bradley
shanks is a resident of dog island
florida and especially mariners who know
the coast of florida know that dog
island is way out there on the ragged
edge absolutely beautiful place to be on
a beautiful day
not so much during a cat for borderline
cat 5 hurricane where mr. shanks built
his home to sustain a cat 5 hurricane
Bradley tell us what it's like and did
you have any moments where you regretted
your decision to ride it out well maybe
at first but I soon realized how strong
my house was especially seeing my
neighbor's houses fall in yeah
it's rewarding in that way you know to
have built a house that can withstand a
storm and to be able to come out here
and experience a storm I've never
experienced a hurricane before so yeah
it it wasn't bad at all my house is like
super strong so I'm glad it held up
we're fixing to show people on a map
where dog island is how what's the
population well there's about a hundred
homes out here mostly vacation homes I
think there's probably like ten
permanent residents people who live out
here full-time now I imagine in the
southern part of the the island there it
was over topped by ocean waters how much
if you can estimate what percentage of
land was covered by water at the height
of the storm well of course I was in my
home so I didn't get to see everything
but I know from what I could see behind
my home the entire inland area probably
about a square mile was flooded
presumably from the storm surge so I'm
waiting to go out and check to see what
damages but so far I can tell you that
three of my neighbors immediate
neighbors their house he goes falling in
man I'm so sorry to hear that I mean
work yeah we're sitting here talking to
you from an island and but Manhattan is
quite different for all the folks who
have wondered what it might be like to
live where you live a small island what
do you do for power what do you do for
police protection for fire that kind of
thing well we're a special residential
district so we don't really have any
community governmental services out here
there's no stores or any kind of
commercial enterprise so we're really
pretty much on our own now we do have a
volunteer fire department which I am a
first responder but other than that the
reason that we love it so much out here
is that in fact it's really off the grid
so to speak yeah I get it I get it
but probably a scary place to be during
this storm you also had very little
notice we've been saying all day for
reasons that have nothing to do with the
National
the service or the accuracy of forecasts
a weather system didn't show up that was
supposed to shred this thing before it
it exploded in size but this was as it
passed over or near Dog Island really on
the borderline between a four and a five
was two miles per hour shy of a five
yeah yeah it was it was pretty
impressive not having to experience the
hurricane like this anyway my house was
rockin and rollin but help help strong
well thank you it was robbed thanks for
finding a phone and the time to talk to
us and we're happy to hear your voice we
are so sorry for the loss suffered by
your neighbors and we hope that all are
present and accounted for
when Sun rises again tomorrow bradley
shanks a resident of dog island florida
along with a 99 or so other brave souls
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
