well we gotta talk about the midterm
elections folks because something big
might be happening right now or maybe it
isn't let's go to the big board to show
you what I mean so this is something
we've been tracking obviously everybody
who's following these elections has been
tracking throughout the trump presidency
the generic ballot you call people up
you ask them you want to vote for the
Democrats you want to vote for the
Republicans for Congress we'll remember
at the end of last year Democrats built
a double-digit advantage on this
question but they just won that special
election in Alabama they were up 13
points on average at the end of the year
in the generic ballot well guess what's
happened more recently that thing has
been tightening it's been closing and
now if you average them together the
margins just four points you talk to
Republicans who are trying to hold on to
the house keep Democrats from getting
those 23 seats they say they can do that
if it's four points if it's 13 forget
about it but if it's four Republicans
think they can do it what else is
happening down Trump's approval rating
it's been pretty low throughout his
presidency but there's a question here
of how low is it gonna be because again
there's a certain point there where it
might not cost Republicans the house it
was 37% at the end of last year it was
in the 30s for a lot of 2017 into 2018
but more recently it has begun to tick
up now again 44% we're not talking
Reagan in 1984 here we're not talking
that territory but by Trump standards
44% is pretty much as good as it's been
for him since he's been president so
what is happening in uptick for
Republicans in the generic ballot an
uptick for Trump and his approval rating
and maybe maybe rosier prospects for the
midterms what is it maybe it's the
economy here's a recent poll here on
Trump's handling of the economy the key
this is up almost 10 points from earlier
in the year this is over 50% this is
over majority approval on the economy is
it just simply that rising tide lifts
the president's boat politically is that
what's going on that's possible how
about North Korea now look the summit is
off right now let's see what happens but
again recent poll here Trump's approval
on North Korea his handling of a 53% the
key here that's up almost 20 points from
late last year so maybe he's been
getting some credit for at least until
this week at least until the last 24
hours or so how North Korea had been
going maybe that striving maybe it's the
attention that was paid to this stormy
Daniels to you know the
sex scandal they remember the sex
scandal with Bill Clinton actually ended
up helping him somehow in 1998 of course
there is a question here though of its
may how much does all of this mean how
temporary is all of this think back to
the last major giant wave election in a
midterm 2010 and at this point in 2010
if you look at the generic ballot
Democrats were ahead this week in 2010
Democrats were talking about how all
that talk about a Republican tsunami in
the 2010 midterms maybe it wasn't all it
was cracked up to be Democrats won a
special election this week in 2010 they
led the generic bout and of course we
know what ended up happening in the
November 2010 elections Republicans
gained 63 seats and they certainly were
leading in the generic ballot by that
point so it's a long way of saying there
are some indications right now that are
giving Republicans reason for hope
Democrats reason for worry we want to
see if those things continue or if as
we've seen before
they proved to be very temporary
springtime of lips a little bit of
suspense here a little bit of drama in
an election season I think everybody
look into ahead to November to see what
happens hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
