Rehema if you could bring us up to speed
on the day that has been this historic
and monumental event not just for
Weinstein's victims and accusers but for
all of the women who have been freed I
guess is is is probably not the right
word but but who have been inspired to
speak out because of these women going
public with their accusations against
Harvey Weinstein for sure Nicole it has
been an extraordinary day for some of
the reasons that you just pointed out a
man who was known for walking the red
carpet and then we saw him in a perp
walk with his hands and handcuffs behind
his back tonight he is out of on one
million dollar cash bail after he
voluntarily surrendered to authorities
early this morning at a precinct
I was not half a mile from here then he
was brought here to this courthouse in
Manhattan in handcuffs and he stood
before the court to face felony charges
to rape counts and one criminal sexual
act in what's called the first degree
from two separate cases involving women
one that happened in 2004 another
happened in 2013 he left this courtroom
not in handcuffs but he was given an
opportunity to walk away surrendering
his passport and he has an ankle
bracelet on so that they can monitor his
movements he'll be able to go from New
York to his home in Connecticut but
anything outside of those boundaries
he's going to have to get permission
from authorities and when his attorney
came out I asked a question and that is
after he said he's going to vigorously
defend Harvey Weinstein who denies that
there was any non-consensual sex and I
asked him what does he say to all of
those women who accuse him of bad
behavior in connection with this case
here's what his attorney had to say my
job is not to defend behavior my job is
to defend something that is criminal
behavior bad behavior
mr. Weinstein did not invent the casting
couch in Hollywood and to the extent
that there is bad behavior
in that industry that is not what this
is about
bad behavior is not on trial in this
case there are other possible charges
against Bob Harvey Weinstein because a
special grand jury is looking into
charges and his attorney says he's going
to decide next week whether Harvey
Weinstein will testify before that grand
jury Nicole Rehema Ellis thank you so
much for joining us
ari these are this feels like the tip of
the iceberg in terms of the legal
exposure of the Harvey Weinstein has in
the face of what is it more than 90
women who have accused him we're looking
at an individual there in that perp walk
who was once the king of Hollywood close
to every major media mogul business
person political leaders and who because
we talked politics on this show was
close to the Clintons who could very
credibly spend the rest of his life in
prison and die in prison
depending on how the trial goes these
charges these three very serious felony
charges are based on the accounts of two
women as you mentioned 95 women have
already publicly come forward so the
allegation and legally that's what we
call it a series of allegations but the
allegation is not of someone who and you
see you see some of the pictures here
the allegation is not as someone who had
an incident or a second incident or an
alleged misunderstanding the allegation
is of someone who operated as a serial
rapist
with a kind of a criminal enterprise
around him and a series of protectors
and people complicit in this and I would
mention when we think about this again
with the Trump administration all the
talk about alleged immigrant criminals
or black criminals in the cities and all
these things we hear about this was a
very powerful white man who is alleged
to be a criminal in our midst
at the highest levels of American life
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
