joining me now the chairman and CEO of
JPMorgan Chase Jamie Dimon and the chief
of staff to former President George HW
Bush and the head of the Business
Roundtable these days just Bolton
gentlemen welcome so you're in town to
talk infrastructure you run an
organization both of you that are trying
to get more Washington by and in this
and just this week Sarah Sanders admit
it you know what no new bill this this
year it's not going to happen I was
under the impression this would have
been a first year priority what went
wrong - I don't know what went wrong but
this and we are gonna push this nonstop
until it gets done and some of these
things take a long time you know we did
competitive taxes you're much more
knowledge about to me it took a long
time we got it done so we shouldn't stop
the effort no matter what goes on in
Washington we've got to get this fixed
alright Josh he's giving the non
politician answer and I get that this
seemed like the one easy thing Trump
should have been able to pull off and
instead it's not happened what he well
if it was easy it would have happened a
long time ago people said the same thing
about tax reform that it took a ten
years of hard work to lay the groundwork
to build the public support for the
right kind of policies we're hoping this
doesn't take ten years we're hoping it
takes just another year or so but we're
working very hard to lay the groundwork
for public and political support for
policies that will promote the kind of
infrastructure investment this country
needs another point this is hurting
growth jobs wages American
competitiveness that's what it's doing
and we've got to do something about it
both Democrats and Republicans we want
to get it fixed we need to get it fixed
when we say infrastructure I think part
of the problems people hear the word
define it you know I look at it used to
be rare roads bridges airports things
like that it's a little bit bad Sports
and FAA and aviation and waterways ed
there's a whole bunch some are done
privately like pipelines and and some
things but some have to be done by the
government or in conjunction with the
government so it's a large as I think
the government spends 300 billion
dollars a year it probably needs to
spend 400 plus a year and and it's
costing us more money not to fix it than
it would to fix it I just I guess I
don't get Josh why because this this is
not everybody agrees on this
this is not we you know someone said
well maybe if a bridge collapses that'll
somehow well we had a bridge collapsed
in Minneapolis and that didn't seem to
fire things up what's it gonna take
change the name of the word
infrastructure I mean I don't mean to be
facetious what is it gonna take to get
Washington wake up well it's going to
take a lot of people coming together and
raising their voices about what a
serious problem this is you know I when
Jamie and I came together at the
Business Roundtable just over a year ago
we had three priorities tax reform
regulatory reform and infrastructure
those are the three legs of the of the
stool that would make the us truly the
competitive country it needs to be in
the global environment tax reform now is
largely taken care of we have a
competitive internationally competitive
tax code regulatory reform is on the way
there there are improvements being made
every day so now it's time to focus on
the third leg of the stool which is
really holding us back
it's this country can be the best place
to do business in the world and the the
portion of that stool that we now need
to focus on is infrastructure it is a
way to sell this Jamie
to say hey look what China's doing with
one belt yeah you know what they're
doing they're basically they've got an
infrastructure plan for the world if the
American public traveled to Beijing
Shanghai Shenzhen Hong Kong Singapore
they would feel like we feel as an
embarrassment we're not getting it done
right bridges tunnels roads all these
various things and yeah I think that we
should look at it as competitiveness we
should look at how we got it wrong we we
when President Kennedy said we're going
to put a man in the moon eight years
later a man was walking the moon now you
say I need to fix the bridge or rebuild
the bridge you have a new bridge eight
years later still negotiating permits
one of the ideas in order to fund this
is I think the president laid out 200
billion in public funds and that somehow
that will trigger 1.5 trillion in
private investment is that realistic
Jamie you do this for a living I would
you finance projects like that yeah I
think it was the first leg of a stool
and part of that was tax credits mm-hmm
I you can use to do financing so the
thought was part of the 200 being be
leveraged into
are you you're wanting to help
participate in financing the rest of the
1.3 trillion if it's if it's reasonable
and rational absolutely there's money
out there that would do public-private
partnerships so a lot of pension plans
leads long term investments but you know
if you have a thing that takes ten years
to get approved they're not going to do
it you know and by the way the other
cost of this thing is because it takes
so long to get things approved it
doubles the triples the cost so you know
we we really have gotten backwards in
this and we there are a good
old-fashioned can-do American spirit
we've lost it and we've got to just get
it back somehow
realistically just one of the things
that I thought the initial mistake the
president Trump made coming into office
was do something quickly that can get
bipartisan support the infrastructure
plan would have been something he could
have done quickly with bipartisan
support he chose not to the longer you
wait the harder it is to get anything
big bipartisan done correct in any
presidential term yeah it gets harder my
own experience tells me that the early
years of a term are the right time but
it's not the only time make things
happen in the third year of a presidency
and I I'm not pessimistic that big
things can't happen now I want to
emphasize something that Jamie just
touched on which is it's not just about
the money it's about the way we approach
it the red tape involved the enormous
burden of permitting that has to be done
one step after the other a lot of those
things can be fixed without a big
legislative maneuver and we're pushing
the administration to to work with
states and localities to help reduce
that huge burden that's now preventing
us from building the infrastructure we
need alright I want to lift up
big-picture state of the economy when I
have you in the room I always I know a
lot of people are curious your view it
feels like it's good is there a point of
that it overheats what is your concern
six months twelve years all right what's
the chance 100 but it is good household
formation is going up wages are going up
jobs are going up we probably have
all-time low unemployment soon the rest
of the world is doing well corporate
companies that's real it's not a cap
expenditures is up 25 percent last
quarter that's not a bubble this
bass train and you know and we it's hard
to forecast the future but if I was
going to I would tell you it looks like
we could have a good healthy thing for a
year - or maybe it'll be longer and
again the American public we've grown 20
percent nine years it should have been
40 percent and some of the things like
infrastructure tax and regulations are
what made it slower it wasn't like we we
were born to have lower growth in the
future we not trade though could be a
hiccup today I believe the deadline if
the president plans on trying to
basically pass a new NAFTA he would have
to inform Congress today
I think that's unlikely that that's
going to happen but but Josh your folks
are very concerned about NAFTA I tell ya
almost all of our members are concerned
you know we we take a quarterly survey
that basically reflects the optimism of
200 of the most significant CEOs in this
country and last quarter our optimism
survey was at its highest level in its
history the survey was completed before
the president took the actions on trade
and most of our members have been very
concerned about some of the approach
that the administration has taken on
trade they want to see a more
rules-based cooperative environment in
which to operate doesn't mean they don't
see problems especially in China that
need to be addressed but we've been very
critical of the way the administration
has approached a lot of these issues how
what's been more harmful in these trade
talks the bluster or the potential
policy changes to you Jamie I think the
the issue with trade is that tariffs
themselves have unpredictable outcomes
so the wrong people get hurt your allies
are gonna get hurt people have to go for
for waivers and all that and you don't
want it to happen is that snowballs into
something bad right that's we don't want
people start to retire against each
other so you know negotiation is fine
there a lot of legitimate issues have
been raised by the administration that
should be looked at you know and we both
strongly feel that NAFTA should get done
very strongly about NAFTA curious if
something also but and I've noticed that
in some ways it is not easy to say which
party's the sole pro-business party
you've said that you thought well if
Democrats don't find a pro-business more
centrist Democrat they're gonna have a
hard time beating Donald
but you are acknowledging there is a
sort of there is a pro-business wing in
the Democratic Party there's a
pro-business wing in the Republican
Party but can you easily say either
party is more pro-business than the
other these days
I know I can't but I'm not arresting I'm
just in a competitive America to help
jobs and wages and grow this country and
afford all the things we wanted for in
the future that's what we need the
competitive economy is what makes
everything else lie and we've done with
all these things we're talking about is
damage the economy and that's a bad idea
and the beneficiaries will be all
Americans it won't be just big companies
in the debate some houses these big
companies and wealthy people no it'll be
all people and so we've hurt Americans
by not focusing the things the right
things to fix just the Republican Party
that you were a longtime member of that
that was a more pro-business party you
could say it doesn't look like the same
party today well I'm I'm hopeful that
the principles will remain the same and
that is a belief in capitalism a belief
in markets a belief in a rules-based
international trading system now a lot
of the positions that this
administration has taken seem designed
to undermine support for that
rules-based system and we're pushing
them very hard not to do that they
should complete a new NAFTA their
improvements that can be made in the
after but it should mat NAFTA should be
made stronger not weaker it should be
more rules based not less and so we'd
like to see them wrap up NAFTA we'd like
to see them have a successful
negotiation with the Chinese but it
should be based on on rules on
internationally accepted dispute
settlement not on not on threats and
unilateral retaliation right you say
that he's a transactional president he
does everything in a transactional way
he doesn't believe in in that larger
system of rules does that concern you
yeah but there there are individual
transactions that can now be made like a
good NAFTA that will actually support a
rules-based system Jamie I've
interviewed you a number of times and
you seem to vacillate between giving up
on Washington and the elected officials
and the political parties and say you
know what the business needs - they
needed country but then you come back
you keep getting sort of drawn back
you know Josh gets it sucks you into a
Business Roundtable it can what's your
what's the state of Washington are you
month old I always am optimistic and I'm
gonna keep on doing this job and try to
get the right thing done so every time
you get all the press but so what you
know obviously is go back and do it
again Josh and I are completely the
whole BRT you know this is 200 companies
or fully engaged and you know good
public policy
you know driven by Josh we're starting
to help make progress along a lot of
issues educate people come up with some
very good policies not parochial just
good for companies like you've never
heard me speak about financial
regulation at the BRT it's all about
positive for the country and and
hopefully you can get some of it done
over time but the toxicity of Washington
you got to work it doesn't matter what
you feel about that's your job
so you're the that's your advice to
other other school like don't give up on
this I think you've come back figure it
out if business doesn't get involved as
a huge vacuum if business and government
collaborate all these things can be
fixed and there has been great business
government collaboration we're doing in
Detroit with the mayor in Detroit we're
doing with the mayor of San Francisco
you know the mayor of New Orleans there
is when you have collaboration there are
fixes for all these problems education
you know we have an entrepeneur of color
fund to help entrepreneurs of color get
you know venture capital they wouldn't
traditionally get well everything can be
fixed this is a can-do nation and you
know we need good policy not just people
throwing Barb's at each other an
ideology you know you know it's
interesting Joseph you what's the
conversation in some ways both parties
have this revolt against you guys right
there's populist movements they're just
there's some anger out there and the
right it translated into Trump on the
left it translated into Sanders they
both can't stand corporate big corporate
business big business big government
what's your case to push back against
this rise in populist I'd you know Jamie
Dimon is the case in other words it's
it's kind of like you can you can be
against big big business but in the
abstract but you gotta like what
JPMorgan Chase is doing in your
community and that's what we're
encouraging all of our members to do all
of our members are stepping up and doing
it they're they're deeply involved in
education and Workforce development's in
their community they're deeply involved
in charitable undertake
they're creating jobs you know good jobs
in each of their communities that's how
we have to win this argument not in the
abstract is business big business good
or bad you have to we have to win it in
the in the locality I do feel like you
guys are the sage put it maybe but we
are but the fact is the something went
wrong and the average person looks at
the elite the leaders are the control
types you know business leaders pull it
and blame them and then you know
generally the right that's not policy so
big companies small coins 150 million
people go to work every day 130 million
more for private enterprise most of the
growth is driven by Catholics bandages
which comes out of mostly larger
companies but the vibrancy of this
economy is astounding you know almost
all that comes the BRT you 10 20 30 40
thousand other vendors to support their
supply chains their most of those
companies have medical benefits
retirement benefits they train their
people they pay them well and so it's a
huge benefit and we just got to get back
to understanding how these things work
together and you know fix the problems
we have and like I said ideology is not
gonna fix it if a fellow CEO came to you
and said I'm thinking about jumping into
the political fray would you tell him to
be careful would you tell him to go
ahead and do it oh god guys I'm not
expert in politics you know you know I
applaud people who want to get involved
and stuff like that I don't think CEOs
naturally or suited to politics
so my view has always been that just
because you might run a company well
does that mean I'm glad to hear you say
that I've always thought that same view
and I that that actually the CEO is the
worst type of potential politician
because you don't get to run your own
show in politics right it's a clear yeah
I think it's true I mean you cut you
have to compromise a lot and you have to
I mean you got to get across the aisle
and stuff like that so it's not a
natural thing that you go from being a
CEO to a politician Josh you work with a
lot of these CEOs now is he right that
when you look at it you realize boy
these guys they which politics is a
tough tougher business yeah politics is
a different business if now now now some
CEOs are actually turn out to be pretty
well suited for it but being a CEO in my
experience isn't in and of itself good
preparation to serve in government and
so I urge caution to the CEOs who who
are interested in public service but I
also urge many of them to go into it
because this
he owes that I work with at the Business
Roundtable are among the most talented
capable effective people I've ever run
into in my life and I hope more of them
actually do end up in there's some self
selective about Business Roundtable
these are automatically CEOs that have
sort of have a public service hmm Street
can we ask you about the tax the tax
bill you both have talked about in very
positive terms we have a massive debt
and it didn't improve that it made it
worse I know you guys like the corporate
side and that's what she talked about
most the individual side kind of was a
mess no
so the BRT supported competitive
business taxes I don't understand how
anyone in the American public and maybe
they don't foot in it go 20 years ago we
were 40% federal and state the rest of
the world was 40 percent we stated for
you the rest of all came down somewhere
between 15 and 25 over 20 years I caused
a lot of damage as companies capital
brains moved overseas and an accounting
firm did a study that said there may be
5,000 companies we need competitive - I
understand that we didn't get involved
in the individual side as the B or T
right so that was not what we're worried
about we and I you know there are a lot
of different views about the individual
side okay Josh you want to address this
I mean it feels as if we still have a
massive debt problem and you know I
think there were a lot of the reasons
why this tax bills not very popular
they're not seeing the benefits on the
corporate side and the individual side
doesn't look like it's filled with a lot
of benefits well I hope they'll over
time they will see it on the corporate
side I don't know whether they'll
attributed to the tax reform but you
will see companies much more interested
in doing business right here in the
right now though it looks like a whole
bunch of companies are just using this
money to buy back shares okay I just
come in that yeah that's a normal
capital function the capital is gonna be
retained here has to be reinvested here
if come B's can't use it they turn it
back to their shareholders who then put
it to a better use that is a normal
capital markets function and for people
act like that's bad is wrong what you're
gonna say is two things into the taxes
one is the immediate benefits companies
have immediately started to do more
capital expenditures raise wages do more
philanthropy your banks are doing more
investing immediately because the
competitive taxes but the real benefit
is cumulative over time as that cap was
retained here and my trip in Asia you
know a lot of those
company you know I seen ministers of
France and presence brothers you know
what they say boy you you did some bold
and brave is gonna make it much harder
for us be competitive because now you
can put a plant the United States where
you're paying twenty one percent and
ship something to Asia whereas before
you were to put that plant somewhere
else and shipped Asia so it's a very
good thing you'll see the effect over
time we need a competitive tax system
the notion do you want an uncompetitive
tax system is bad for America I
understand it what about the debt issue
them well first of all it's not clear
yet so the the tax reform bill may have
added a trillion dollars but it does add
to growth it'll reduce that number they
did a bunch of other stuff and in my
view is we have a competitive tax system
a competitive infrastructure system and
you got to raise taxes and people like
me a little bit so be it
that's what I would do I wouldn't have
an uncompetitive infrastructure and an
uncompetitive tax system all right
here's that that will hurt the economy
for everybody
Jamie Dimon I'll give you the last word
I see a JPMorgan Chase had a business
roundtable Josh Bolten
thank you sir much appreciate it thank
you hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV Daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
