Tommy Daniels lawyer is asking a judge
to continue their case against Trump and
his lawyer Michael Cohen which had been
delayed given Cohen's bigger legal
headaches beyond of course this civil
case now Daniels lawyer Michael avenatti
is about to join me live Cohan facing
reports that he could actually be
charged with another crime relating to
foreign lobbying which Trump's top
diplomat also addressed today it's not
how business is done I've not seen that
be the way business and done certainly
with me but I haven't seen it in this
administration either I think there's an
investigation really i'ma try not to
talk about it but yes I would I would I
would tell the world that this is not
how one engages with America not how one
engages with America I'm joined now by
stormy Daniels lawyer Michael avenatti
thanks for making time what do you think
a of the Trump administration appearing
to distance itself from what is alleged
against Cohen and B what were you
getting at in your new filing well Ari I
think that the Trump administration is
coming to the conclusion that Michael
Cohen is indeed in a lot of trouble and
you know with each passing day or every
other day re it just gets worse and
worse for this guy there's little
question that he's going to be indicted
he's going to face some very serious
charges you had his business associate
plea out a few days ago or pled out now
you hear the comments that your viewers
just heard I mean this is getting more
and more difficult for Michael Cohen he
ought to be doing everything in his
power to get into the US Attorney's
Office in the Southern District of New
York with his attorneys and should cut a
deal sooner rather than later because I
think this is going to get far more
complicated for him as time goes on in
fact not only do I think that I know
that you say you know that and of course
some of your statements and information
is proven prescient when you look at
Michael Cohen though as an individual
with these headaches why isn't it more
fair to give him extra time to deal with
them rather than fast-tracking your case
I mean just from a general view of
fairness
well lawsuits aren't fair re frankly and
they're just not in this lawsuit and and
many others I've been involved in it's
likely not going to be fair either you
know fair is one of the
four-letter words but let me say this
we're seeking to to lift the stay in our
case we think that mr. Giuliani and mr.
Trump shot themselves in the in the foot
if you will by making these very public
statements about their ability to defend
themselves and making statements and
admissions about what mr. Trump knew and
when he knew it and about the hundred
and thirty thousand dollars in the way
that it was handled I think those
statements are going to come back and
bite them in a very big way I don't
think this case is going to be put on
hold for months or years on end and
ultimately re I think that the
statements are going to prove to be
fodder for us being able to depose the
president in the coming months and
placing him under oath you think you're
more likely to get the president under
oath now than you were before all of the
Kohen problems there's no question in my
mind about that re
especially in light of mr. Giuliani
statements which are very very helpful
and I hope he continues to go on Fox as
many times as he possibly can and he
should provide as many facts and
statements as he's like to because we're
counting them and were very appreciative
of his efforts were you struck that mr.
Giuliani says he hasn't talked to his
client in weeks I you know I don't
believe that
I think he's not much of I don't well I
don't believe much of what mr. Giuliani
says I don't know if he's lying Ari or
maybe he's just dazed and confused which
he appears to be on a fairly regular
basis I mean that this whole thing
doesn't make any sense to me I don't
understand why he was hired to begin
with I don't understand why he hasn't
been fired at this point in light of the
appearances that he's made in the
statements that he's made
but look if they want to if mr. Trump
wants to continue to employ this guy to
go out and represent him on television
and make very damaging legal statements
god bless them well it's interesting you
mentioned days to confuse because of
course that plot of that movie involves
whether you want to sign something and
be accurate about it and and they don't
want to sign it on the center of the
football field as I recall and David
Denison in the in the Vistage of Donald
Trump didn't want to sign the NDA that
you're litigating so a very apt very apt
reference you make I want to also ask
you because you put Michael Cohen's
legal career under scrutiny I want to
ask you about your law firm
you're familiar with these reports Los
Angeles Times says law firm stormy
Daniels attorney hit with ten million
dollar judgment are there problems in in
payments or the financial history of
your law firm that are relevant to all
this no Ari this is a complete sideshow
and it's absolutely irrelevant it's not
even the same firm that is representing
my client in the case it's a it's absurd
it's a bunch of nonsense Ari and you
know I'm confident that the American
people are going to see through this
smokescreen that's being created there's
additional personal attacks coming
against me and my client I'm aware of
those they're doing everything in their
power are to distract away from the case
and the facts and the circumstances
surrounding this NDA the hundred and
thirty thousand dollar payment what the
president knew and its subsequent lies
about it but when you say they and you
do have political detractors we've
covered that but one of the individuals
I'll put on the screen is a former legal
business associate of yours with the
allegations that millions of dollars
went unpaid that there was a settlement
agreement and then you have this
allegation that you've basically failed
to pay part of your settlement I mean is
that individual an ally of Donald Trump
or is that a person that you have some
law firm related business history with
all right I'm not certainly I have some
history with that individual I'm not
going to malign him on your show
publicly there's a lot of things I could
say and I could go on the attack and
talk about claims for fraud and the like
that we've had against him I don't want
to do that because it's irrelevant
I mean why aren't we talking about the
personal business and financial history
of all the other attorneys in the case
it and I'll tell you why well we govern
now I'll give you a chance to respond to
mr. abinanti as you know Michael but we
do cover that we've covered Michael
Cohen's legal and business history he
started as a lawyer for Trump but the
the attention and the scrutiny raised
other issues and so obviously I want to
give you a chance to also address these
but it's relevant as these lawyers are
fighting it out well alright but here's
a big difference Michael Cohen's a party
I'm not a party I'm an attorney
I represent a party and you know as well
as I do that if this was a trial
evidence relating to Michael Cohen would
come into evidence
no evidence comes in about the attorneys
and their business dealings or what law
firms they've had or anything of that
nature it's a complete sideshow and it's
meant to discredit my work on behalf of
my client it's absolutely irrelevant
they want to talk about the parties in
the case they want to talk about the
legal facts or issues in the case that's
one thing but I think it's a bad day and
a sad day when you start attacking
attorneys who are representing parties
in cases I mean we're not making or
lodging any attacks about mr. harder or
mr. Ryan or others that have involved in
this case I mean we need that focus to
be on the parties in the case and the
facts and the circumstances in the case
and I'm all the time I'm almost out of
time I did want to get you one more item
trying to get a lot of news covered here
Rudy Giuliani now being reportedly
talking about the discussions of a
Muller interview as soon as January
final question to you sir when you talk
about pursuing Trump under oath today in
a deposition do you think you are more
likely to get him first or Muller I
think there's no question that I'm more
likely to get him first Ari I don't
think he's ever gonna sit for sworn
statement or sworn testimony before mr.
Muller hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
