we're $10 a bottle turn it he is being
fitted for a monitoring device they were
by him which they contend to be trapped
24 hours a day seven days with the port
and the people able to request his
whereabouts at any given moment although
the equipment will enable men able to
track him anywhere in the United States
under the terms of this agreement will
be allowed only travel in New York City
and Connecticut it wishes to go through
another shape in my quest condition from
the court and the people in advance
he is also surrendering his passport and
not applying for replacement for a new
one
our case is presented to the grand jury
your honor the defendant has served
across grand jury notice and had to read
although this is not a 188th situation
that means specify or not by next
Wednesday May 30th for a morning honor
we are requesting one temporary order of
protection and asking however that the
name of the victim in that order
protection will be known to the court
the people and to defend
but otherwise the others feel the
charges it's a normal process yes yes
second one is before you start is there
any issue with your protection
no your honor I'm itching the earth
protection that's aiding the person
either as well as just said that stay
away from the person you can't renew the
person can any Caucasian person tinker
the homeplace business no contact by
email phone or fax you violate any of
the conditions in the order protection
your study to understand that your honor
I'm a goose we obviously did that come
here to try to take some
statements like this 103 communicate mr.
Weinstein and is absolutely nervous
investigation for many months defendant
attorney's office at this point mr.
likes me and her agreement with the post
the attorney's office voluntarily
surrendered to the first Precinct the
conditions of bail after negotiating an
advance of belief
any controversy this morning and Iran a
subject they are honest approval the
defendant has divided me with his only
passport which I'm handing over to the
district attorney's office and wanted to
do so on the record I will have a
deposit in the clerk of the court this
morning they've checked for a million
dollars pursuant to their instructions
of is a cashier's check drawn on a chase
account which is what they requested in
addition Iran the defendant has agreed
to the GPS monitoring for the state of
New York and the state of Connecticut
when we consent to the order of
protection
I've also indicated that we have also
agreed to sign a waiver of extradition
in the event that the defendant is in
Connecticut and is required to appear in
New York and that's not who so
voluntarily he will not require the
office to extraditable here voluntarily
and we have waived the extradition of
providing that this attorney's office
with company of the end without an
extradition district connecticut or the
this is all extradition actually your
honor and in case that the defendant
agreed to waive extradition any safer
country should be required to be a New
York to answer to these charges that's
right it is signed by the defendant and
his counsel I will find and provide mr.
Brockman with problem no your honor the
defendant understands that if he were to
require a travel to any jurisdiction
besides a mere sake of Connecticut that
he would have to do so either on consent
for this attorney's office law with
reports of
there is nothing else around other than
Greek to DPS monitoring the person who
is coming to this park with the actual
piece of hardware there's text me about
a minutes ago that he is human this way
in traffic we understand as we enter the
process to check also so hopefully
that's done and the persons here at the
same time up here in the interim well I
believe that's going to face up to the
importance that's the more of a security
unless you're on the fence oh I don't
have an objection
thank you very much your honor brother
one other issue I circle 19050 notice
mr. Lucey is correct they advised me
that Wednesday is the day in light of
the fact that you may be an issue
concerning additional information we
were going to file a brief with judge
Burke on the issue
I assume the issue is resolved that it's
not once I heard you complain that we
will learn this solution and then
notified to network as well I understand
the supervisor thank you thank you very
much this piece of being ensuring to
park at powers of the July 30
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
