president Trump is a better deal breaker
than deal maker that's a titled Susan
glasses new piece for The New Yorker and
in it she writes this even before the
collapse of the North Korea negotiations
it was clear that this week was not
going to do much for Trump's vaunted
self-image as a deal maker not only were
the prospects of the meeting Kim and
doubt there were setbacks regarding
Trump's two other top priorities China
and Iran sixteen months into the trump
presidency it is finally time to say we
really do know there are no deals with
Trump
there are increasingly unlikely to be no
Trump is a much better deal breaker than
deal maker Trump seems to believe that
saying he's a master negotiator over and
over again is the same thing as actually
being one I'm a great deal maker he said
in March that's what I do except he
doesn't Susan joins us now Susan I named
the deal we're gonna play a game here
okay
I named the deal and you tell me whether
Donald Trump made it or broke it just as
they make a breath North Korea still to
be determined
Iran break Paris I think we're breaking
TPP breaking a NAFTA working on it
working on it I mean here you have you
really have some of the most important
international deals and Donald Trump
just instinctively breaks them it's I
didn't forget the ideology of him maybe
somewhere it won't prove to be good
ideas some won't but there is no method
to that madness he's just tearing
everything is you remember Sam Rayburn's
quote it takes a carpenter to build a
bar and any jackass can kick one down
well a lot of barns are being kicked
down the thing is from the very
beginning of the Trump presidency r8e he
did something that none of us ever
thought was possible which is making
Washington into the center of global
instability and every single one of
those deals that you're talking about
are literally turning other world
capitals many of our key allies
topsy-turvy right we're not even talking
about the deals that aren't happening or
that are being broken here in domestic
politics in the United States I'm just
I'm
so struck by that you had this amazing
statement yesterday when Trump released
the letter to Kim from the Blue Moon the
the president's office in South Korea
their whole existential fate rests on
the resolution of the North Korea thing
they said we have no idea what has just
happened here and we're trying to figure
out what does the President of the
United States I mean it couldn't even
figure out what blood was we could talk
domestically when you had the dreamers
debate what Donald Trump said is I'm
gonna get a great dreamers yell never
happened no down after every school
shooting he says I'm going to move on
guns I'm going to act on guns everybody
in the administration let's journalists
across America know Donald Trump is
going to make a deal on guns
the deals never come Obamacare he told
people he was going to give them a
health care system that's better cheaper
and give some more coverage instead all
he's done is allowed Obamacare to limp
along he can't even get rid of Obamacare
but he's letting it die on the vine but
again three areas where he was going to
give us these wonderful deals and we
ended up getting nothing
don't forget infrastructure week you
know exactly every week is potentially
infrastructure week but look it's you
know it tells you something so essential
about the Trump presidency and actually
how we've all played into it too I have
to say saying you're a master negotiator
over and over and over again it doesn't
make you one and you know the branding
of that book title from decades ago even
today how many times do we have to face
the idea implicit in the art of the deal
is that the president is someone who is
an expert at making them that's what's
interesting about this to me is that
there are opportunities for deals right
in midst of this cast that he's created
he's actually in some respects giving
himself a better negotiating position to
cut these types of deals and he's always
flirted with the notion of let's say
going back into TPP re-engaging with the
countries in the Paris climate Accord
doing a doc a deal so what is it and I
don't pretend to know what's going on in
his head but maybe Joe does or Michael
does what is it about him internally and
actually that prevents him from saying
yes because there are deals to be had he
could craft a even in a bipartisan war
about himself and get accolades for that
so why is he so afraid of likes it's not
the case that when he was in New York
real estate he knew what a good deal was
because he grew up in it he knew what he
was getting a steal of a deal and he
would jump here he doesn't know policy
he doesn't want to know policy everybody
that works with him says he doesn't
allow himself to be briefed in a way to
understand why so is it just a lack of
he never yes he never knows when he has
a good deal well and of course then
people start to tell him the risks of
making a bad deal and you were pointing
that out I thought very smartly about
the North Korea situation which is that
when you contemplate the consequences
and the potential negative consequences
the deal you start to get afraid but I
also I think it's more fundamental to
his personality you're you're a better
Trump ologist than I am but don't you
think that in many ways the president is
somebody who needs to constantly more
than making deals he have to be in the
process of doing them in negotiating you
know he he's always concerned about
appearing weak that is that is what has
always driven him that's why insults are
better than diplomatic outreaches and so
if he can be the one that tore up the
deal against Iran and stuck it to him
cancelled the deal with North Korean
stuck it to him he's constantly thinking
I believe about those speeches in front
of 2025 thousand people and applause
lines that's Andrea that's how he lives
his life it's it's it's about going to
campaign rallies and being being adored
by people who see him as a John Wayne
type character well the upside of this
from his perspective was to come home
greet Pompeo with three Korean you know
Korean released detainees at Andrews Air
Force Base at 3:30 4:00 in the morning
declare victory and then that night go
to Elkhart Indiana and have a campaign
rally and campaign for the midterm
elections based
on victory with North Korea the opposite
side of that is deciding overnight to
cancel the summit rather than saying
let's slow it down let's reschedule we
need more time more process to cancel it
with that letter without notifying the
allies because he wanted to be the one
pulling the plug before the North
Koreans did it was precisely because
they feared that North Korea was about
to cancel it and he did not want the
political embarrassment well I mean I
think it makes it I think part of the
problem here is that he's afraid of just
saying yes and he's afraid that once you
have some sort of settled deal it comes
it becomes vulnerable to attack well and
and is he a constantly shifting target
is a lot easier than saying yes to an
actual policy as Susan as you said Susan
he has all of these people around him
that's our city president as does any
politician saying why a deal could be a
bad deal what are the downsides and
that's by the way their jobs but Donald
Trump hears these downsides and again
unlike say Reagan after Reykjavik saying
yeah I don't I don't care what Human
Events says I don't care what the Wall
Street Journal editorial says this is
our chance didn't strike a nuclear deal
with the Soviet Union and I'm willing to
do it well I think this is a great point
actually and of course it matters even
more when you have a president who isn't
deeply immersed in the details so what
what's changed here the president has a
new national security adviser in John
Bolton who has been his entire career
against dealing with the North Koreans
he doesn't trust them he's made that
clear he really went to war against his
own George W Bush administration in in
actually over talking with North Korea
so he comes in to the White House by all
accounts if you read these very
interesting stories in the Washington
Post and elsewhere coming out about what
happened over the last week it's very
clear that John Bolton was advising the
president about the risks of the deal
the downside the negative consequences
of it and you know you also have a new
Secretary of State who is only a few
weeks into the job he's been sent to
start to create a process that in any
other presidency we would have had
months or even years of negotiations
before we ever made the risky move
to agree on the meeting this would be
like Henry Kissinger getting a call from
Nixon three weeks before Nixon was going
to say I want to go to China
make it happen this was that Reagan had
principles and I was at Reykjavik and he
came back and there were principals
there and a process and he had people
around him who could advise him there's
no process here right and Reagan and the
people around Reagan understood that he
could walk away from Reykjavik and
chances were good that Gorbachev would
go back to his generals and say maybe
SDI works maybe it doesn't but we don't
have the money to take that chance and
see that's that's a key point Joe if
you're looking at the Walker walk away
from Rick Rick evict and the walk away
from the North Korea do the difference
is exactly what both of you are saying
that there's a principled guideline that
you're that you're willing to follow
that there's a point you're trying to
get to it is still not clear to me and I
don't think it's clear to from Susan's
reporting either that the president has
a plan for North Korea and so when
confronted with all of these other
variables that now come into play this
his reaction is I don't want to fail I
don't want to get blamed for it right I
don't want to be held accountable so I'm
stepping back away I want to be the guy
that breaks the deal first
you know what Donald Trump's plan is
what's that that's it that right here
you gotta actually take the camera that
will show there we have its headline
that's it
and that headline that's what Donald
Trump thinks about every day and if you
don't believe me
you know John meets him has been talking
about how we talked to all of his staff
members and this is widely reported that
the day before the inauguration he said
every day is to be viewed as a an
episode in a reality TV show where I
vanquish my rival and that's exactly
what he does hey do we have that Fred
Hiatt op-ed that I could quickly quickly
read this is Fred Hiatt who runs the
editorial page at the Washington Post
and a really great iPad earlier this
week titled Trump is proving to be the
most predictable of presidents and
reading the last paragraph says it all
for a man who ran for office saying we
have to be unpredictable Trump is
proving not so hard to read look at
whatever he has believed in since the
1980s ignoring the evidence that is a
merged sense and you can make a fairly
educated guess where he will end up and
that is the case the chaos is
predictable Mika you know I talked to
mica last night who's been in the middle
of graduation ceremonies for several
days and she said so what's happened in
the news today they say nothing nothing
I said nothing that hasn't been
happening for two years I said it's
absolute chaos and I would run through
the laundry list with you but he'll
reverse half of him by tomorrow donate
hey Susan Glasser thank you so much we
really appreciate your being here make
sure you read Susan's piece in The New
Yorker and still ahead the Washington
Post Eugene Robinson is going to be with
us with his latest piece titled
president Trump's pie and the dark art
of branding morning Joe back in a moment
with Low Energy Joe thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
