but I want to start tonight with
Congressman Steve Stockman Congressman
Steve Stockman is a Republican he's from
Texas and right now this second he is in
prison he was arrested last spring he
was convicted last month and immediately
after he was convicted he was taken into
federal custody to await his his formal
sentencing which is expected to happen I
think in August sometime in late in late
summer it was reported at the time of
Steve Stockman's corruption trial that
his lawyers were surprised that they put
congressman Stockman in handcuffs and
took him away into federal custody
immediately after his conviction they
took him right from the courtroom
apparently his lawyers thought he'd be
allowed to go home and live free while
he appealed his convictions or at least
prepared for his sentencing but no
Congressman Stockman was convicted on a
whole lot of felonies he was convicted
on 23 felony charges they brought 24
felony charges against him jury came
back and convicted him of 23 of the 24
and if he do the math on that that means
at his sentencing he was facing a
theoretical maximum sentence of over 450
years in prison
and so maybe because of the sheer amount
of time he's now facing maybe because of
other things about Congressman Stockman
which we'll get to in a moment the judge
in this case decided that the
congressman was a real flight risk and
so the judge did not allow him to go
home after being convicted and so now he
now resides behind bars and it is kind
of an amazing thing for a member of
Congress to get convicted of more than
20 federal felony charges but in Steve
Stockman's case it's not like people
were even that surprised when he was
convicted Texas Monthly ran this
headline about his conviction quote a
jury of his peers
and karma convict Steve Stockman quote
Steve Stockman was always one of those
kind of creepy politicians that other
politicians try to keep at a distance
just in case it might rub off he always
acted as if the rules didn't apply to
him sometimes even
as if human decency did not apply to him
Stockman won two non-consecutive terms
in Congress in somewhat fluke elections
over three decades he ran in more
elections than he won finally today
Steve Stockman string ran out as a
federal jury in Houston convicted him of
23 counts of fraud punishable by up to
20 years in prison on each count barring
a successful appeal Steve Stockman is
about to spend more time in a federal
penitentiary and then he did in Congress
everybody's a hero in their own hometown
right the cut the charges against
Congressman Stockman were related to him
basically stealing tons of money from
donors and then laundering it they
included a more or less elaborate scheme
described by federal prosecutors in
which he basically set up a fake charity
and then opened up a whole bunch of bank
accounts in his own name but doing
business as the name of that charity and
then he just took the money that was
given to the charity but it's
interesting when congressman Stockman
got sent to prison last month it turned
out to be not the first time he was
getting locked up in 2014 just four
years ago Congressman Stockman decided
to run in the Republican Senate primary
in Texas to try to unseat Texas's
conservative Republican senior Senator
John Cornyn Steve Stockman said he had
to run against Cornyn because Cornyn was
too left-wing so Stockman gave up his
house seat to challenge the sitting
senator instead the the challenge
against senator Cornyn ultimately
included a libel lawsuit that Steve
Stockman brought against a political
action committee that was supporting
senator Cornyn Stockman sued that PAC
because they set on their website that
Steve Stockman had by that time already
been imprisoned multiple times Stockman
filed a libel lawsuit against them for
that problem is he had actually been
imprisoned multiple times even before
his current stint in prison right now
back in the day he was in jail a lot it
turns out and that turns out to be the
sort of thing that can be fairly easily
checked in public records and Steve
stock
had already admitted his multiple stints
behind bars to multiple reporters on
multiple occasions so it wasn't a super
smart idea to bring a libel suit on that
point in particular but that's Steve
Stockman Steve Stockman Texas Republican
Congressmen convicted felon currently in
federal custody awaiting sentencing and
all-around piece of work also ambassador
to the United Arab Emirates maybe look
at this document this letter you could
see on the letterhead there on the left
hand side it's on the letterhead from
congressman steve stockman z-- office
and it is a letter from steve stockman
in march 2017 this is just before he was
arrested and in this letter he makes the
case that he would be a great US
ambassador to the United Arab Emirates
quote I would enjoy it as I have many
friends there who could argue with that
this letter from now imprisoned
Congressman Steve Stockman makes the
case that he should be our nation's
ambassador to the United Arab Emirates
and it's amazing on a few different
levels I mean the most obvious level on
which this is amazing is just the
concept that Steve Stockman should be
the ambassador to anything he is in
prison right now a week and a half after
he sent this letter pitching himself for
this ambassadorship a week and a half
later he was arrested 20 for felony
charges twenty-three of which he was
convicted for that said when Stockman
was arrested a week and a half after he
wrote this letter the the Houston
Chronicle reports that he was arrested
while attempting to board a flight to
the United Arab Emirates so maybe he did
have friends there maybe he would enjoy
the ambassadorship but he never made it
there they got him at the airport he was
on his way to Doha right so maybe
there's something near that we just
don't understand it's on his way to
Dubai sorry anyway well here here's
something we definitely do not
understand look at who this Steve
Stockman letter is sent to the sea they
address their dear Nicky is how its
addressed
nikki is Nikki Lum Davis who is not a
famous person there's no reason you
would have heard her name in the news
but at the time that Congressman Steve
Stockman soon to be arrested was sending
Nicky this letter presenting his
credentials for the ambassadorship miss
davis was working as a consultant to
elliot britty so steve stockman sent the
letter to her attached his resume here's
the letter i want to be the ambassador
please pass it on the ultimate intended
audience for the letter and his attached
resume was Elliot Brady and the letter
made it to his destination Stockman sent
this letter saying I want the
ambassadorship sent it to Nicky Lum
Davis Nicky Lim Davis then forwarded it
with its attachments to elliott brady
and we confirmed all of that today both
with MS davis and with the
representative of mr. brady so we know
that is what happened here's the
question why would Steve Stockman in all
his glory think that if he did want to
be ambassador to the United Arab
Emirates the person he needed to
convince of that the person who needed
to receive his letter begging for that
job in making his pitch for that job
would be Elliot Brady why did he think
that
Elliot Brady would be able to get him an
ambassadorship and Steve Stockman now in
federal custody he stands out alone as
sort of different than your typical
member of Congress but on on this issue
about him discerning this route to this
particular job that he wanted he
actually had lots of Republican company
Newsweek reported a couple of months ago
then another person who wrote to Elliot
Brady to spell out her desired job in
the Trump administration I was a woman
named Marie Royce Marie Royce among many
other famous is the wife of the chairman
of the Foreign Affairs Committee in the
republican-controlled Congress her
husband is congressman ed Royce Edie
Royce's wife wrote a letter to Eliot
Brady telling him that her quote number
one position of interest in the Trump
administration was that she wanted to be
assistant secretary of state for
educational and cultural affairs she
wrote that letter and and sent it to
Elliot Brady and wouldn't you know it
Murray Royce
is actually now the Assistant Secretary
of State for educational and Cultural
Affairs she wrote to Eliot Brody to get
that job she got that job she's still
there today
that said at Royce chairman of the
Foreign Affairs Committee has announced
that he's resigning from Congress
why was Eliot Brody collecting people's
wish lists of their preferred jobs in
the administration why was he in a
position to be doling out jobs and not
just to cranks and hangers-on but to you
know current and former members of
Congress and their wives why was he in a
position to get people appointed to
things and it was not just Trump
administration jobs that people believed
Eliot Brody could deliver as The Wall
Street Journal first reported in March
mr. Brody and his wife were also
promising at least one overseas client
who's now a fugitive from justice that
one of the things Brady and his wife
could offer for sale was the ending of a
major multi-million dollar fraud lawsuit
that had been brought by the Department
of Justice if you look at that case in
the public docket that DOJ case it's
interesting probably just a coincidence
but one of the Justice Department
lawyers on this multi-million dollar
fraud case that's been pursued by the
Justice Department happens to be one of
the high-profile prosecutors who's
working for Robert Mulder in the special
counsel's office and that is probably
just a coincidence but as The Wall
Street Journal first reported it a
couple of months ago Eliot Brady and his
wife offered a legal contract to a
Malaysian businessman who is caught up
in a massive multi-billion dollar fraud
scandal in Malaysia they offered him a
contract which spelled out that they
somehow could get the Justice Department
to drop that case well we can now show
you the contract that they offered it's
dated this time last year May of 2017
and as you can see in the contract which
we're showing here on the screen it's a
a fixed fee agreement for litigation
services the contract in exhibit a
describes the gives a description of the
matter at the heart of
agreement the matter which is in quotes
there is this case number which is a
case a gigantic multi-million dollar
fraud case brought by the Justice
Department brought by the United States
of America against multiple entities
involved in this big Malaysian fraud
scandal as The Wall Street Journal first
reported you can see here in this
contract that Elliott Brady and his wife
were offering that they could get that
Justice Department case settled they
could make it go away I could tell you
the specifics to what they were offering
is that if they got that case settled
within 180 days they would get paid 75
million dollars if him and his wife
seventy five million dollars you took
them a little longer if took them a full
year 365 days to get that case to go
away they would only get paid fifty
million dollars but even if they weren't
successful at all they would still get
paid eight million dollars as a
non-refundable retainer to retain their
services and making that matter go away
their services were apparently I mean
what what is it that you do to get the
Justice Department to drop a gigantic
ongoing international fraud case against
people who are secretly paying you to
make it go away
before they become fugitives from
justice I mean I wonder if that's
anything like the services you offer to
assume to be imprisoned congressman when
you lead them to believe for some reason
that you can get them an ambassadorship
it might in fact be the exact same kind
of services it takes to install a
congressman's wife and a very fancy
sounding job at the State Department
where she still resides today why would
all of these people go to Elliott Brady
for all of these services
what exactly does Elliott Brady do the
most important answer we can give to
that question right now is that we don't
know we really don't know and us not
knowing what he does and why all this
money and influence seems to have flowed
both ways through him us not
understanding that yet is very important
our lack of understanding about what
that means actually is the most
newsworthy thing about Elliott Brody
right now and it's the most important
thing we have to understand about the
most controversial thing that happened
in
and today I mean with Eliot Brody the
public reporting about him is intriguing
in some cases it's fascinating but we
really don't know how it all fits
together or if it all fits together
I mean Eliot Brody was reportedly given
a six hundred million dollar defense
contract from the United Arab Emirates
mr. Brody is kind of a film producer by
training so his six hundred million
dollar defense contract is intriguing
mr. Brody spent much of last year
apparently in business with a man named
George nadir George nadir of all things
has multiple child molestation and child
pornography convictions in his past in
multiple countries but nadir is the one
who reportedly brokered a still
mysterious meeting after the election
between Eric Prince's a purported
representative of our newly elected
president and the head of a Russian
sovereign wealth fund a meeting set up
in the Seychelles Islands by George
Nader on behalf of the United Emirates
this meeting involving Eric Prince and
this Russian guy what was that about no
idea just this week it's been reported
that Eric Prince also met with George
nadir another time Erik Prince Jordan
nadir
Georg nadir and an Israeli guy who also
reportedly has ties to the United Arab
Emirates and who reportedly shut down
his company in Israel as soon as he was
questioned by Robert Moeller earlier
this year also at that meeting Donald
Trump jr. what were they talking about
three months before the election at
Trump Tower today Senator Chris Coons of
Delaware said that based in part on the
reporting about that meeting Donald
Trump jr. appears to have lied to the US
Senate in sworn testimony senator Coons
wants him brought back in a public
hearing to address the things that seem
not true and what he told the Senate
under oath so this guy Elliott Brady is
connected to the United Arab Emirates
and he's connected to lots and lots of
money and he's connected to Jorge nadir
and Jorge nadir is now cooperating
witness in the Moller investigation
Nader's the only person to whom the
Moller investigation has offered
immunity in exchange for his testimony
what's he testifying about the most
important thing to know about all of
those reports all of those still
unfinished stories all of those
connections are at least dots that we
won
if they connect most important thing to
know about all that stuff is that we
don't know what any of that stuff means
or if any of those things are important
to the ongoing criminal and
counterintelligence investigation that's
being run by the special counsels office
we do know that the special counsels
office has interviewed multiple people
related to those meetings and those
connections and those flows of money and
at least one instance one of the people
who has been talking to them about it
has been offered immunity in exchange
for what he has been saying but we have
seen nothing in court documents yet that
explains the legal significance of any
of those enquiries none of that stuff
has come to fruition at least in terms
of what we can see today there was an
absolutely unprecedented meeting in
Washington in which the White House
appears to have ordered the Justice
Department and the FBI and I guess maybe
also the Director of National
Intelligence to hand over information
from inside the ongoing Special Counsel
investigation initially the White House
demanded that the Justice Department and
the FBI and the National Intelligence
director that they should hand over this
information from inside the special
counsels inquiry just to two of the
president's hand-picked allies from
Congress that ultimately led to some
interesting and I think pretty
consequential wrangling over who exactly
would get that information who would get
to go to this meeting who would get
briefed about this confidential source
and and when and by whom and we'll get
to some of that tonight but regardless
of who actually got in the room in the
end it's just bizarre this is a bizarre
thing to have happened I mean there was
the president's chief of staff and the
president's lead lawyer in the Russia
scandal convening what ended up being
two meetings today because the White
House and Republicans demanded to see
information from a confidential source
who'd been used by the FBI to gather
evidence in the early days of their
still ongoing investigation specifically
that source was sent by the FBI to talk
to three people in the Trump campaign
but the FBI believed were in contact
with Russian agents who were in the
process of interfering in the election
and it's interesting and it is important
that we don't know what's going to
happen to that part of the investigation
like with all that mysterious and
intriguing and weird
Eliot Brodie stuff and all of that Georg
nadir stuff with him as a cooperating
witness all of that stuff about money
flows and offers from the United Arab
Emirates
we don't know where any of that stuff is
going we have seen no charges filed on
any of that stuff yet and we have seen
no charges filed yet on some of the very
simple stuff that we absolutely know
that Russia did to mess with our
election that was a crime under US law
take George papadopolis that Trump
campaign foreign policy advisor write a
big part of the reason the FBI started
its counterintelligence of investigation
in the first place is because
Papadopoulos revealed that he had been
given advance notice that Russia had
stolen democratic emails Russia stealing
democratic emails is very simply a crime
under US law the special counsels office
has thus far filed no charges related to
Russia stealing Democrats emails so we
know that the crime was committed we
know from the intelligence community's
assessment that Russia did it we know
that there was some connection to the
Trump campaign and at least in terms of
Papadopoulos having some advance notice
of that but we don't know where that
crime is going to end up in terms of how
the Moller investigation brings charges
and who they bring charges against or
what they decide to do in terms of a
report or an indictment or anything else
we know that crime was committed we
don't know what they are doing with that
yet but yet today in Washington the
White House forced the exposure of
information about that source that human
source and the evidence that that source
collected in part through his contact
with George papadopolis during the
campaign when the FBI was investigating
hey how do you have advance notice I
mean that is a live ongoing
investigation that has not yet come to
its end we do not know what prosecutors
are trying to do with that information
if anything and how they are going to
charge that crime if they do but that
part of the investigation is being pried
open anyway because of the president's
demand that he should be able to see
that last night Robert Muller filed a
document in federal court in DC arguing
against media lawsuit that's trying to
get access to
tweren't stuff and some of the other
material from the ongoing special
counsels investigation and that the
filing from Moeller last night is
specific to that lawsuit and those
circumstances but it's also a very
helpful document for understanding what
went wrong in that meeting today in DC
quote special counsels investigation is
ongoing the investigation involves
interconnected areas of inquiry and the
government continues to investigate key
questions within the scope of the
special counsels authority the special
counsels investigation has not concluded
simply because it's resulted in several
indictments and several defendants have
pled guilty to criminal informations a
complex investigation is not necessarily
over when some defendants have been
charged the Moller cites quote tangible
investigative harms from disclosure at
this state of the investigation and and
the special counsel Robert Muller just
spells it out quote disclosure of these
materials could reveal sources methods
factual and legal theories and lines of
investigation quote the government does
not dispute that the public is
interested in understanding the special
counsels investigation but the
government objects to public access at
this stage revealing warrant materials
could tip off subjects to investigative
methods and techniques and enable them
to evade detection or destroy evidence
yeah and so therefore you do not let
stuff out in the middle of an ongoing
investigation except they did today with
all this stuff still unresolved with all
these lines of inquiry still live how
bad is that hold that thought I'll be
right back hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
