President Trump has a new favorite word
and every time he uses it he is lying
and that is the word spy whenever he
uses the word in any form it is a lie an
example is a tweet from the president
this morning about former Director of
National Intelligence James clapper
every word of it except the name clapper
is a lie
it begins clapper has now admitted that
there was spying in my campaign large
dollars were paid to the spy far beyond
normal now there's more in that tweet
there's another sentence but it includes
a term that President Trump is trying to
force the news media to use to label
this story but because the President of
the United States is a dangerous
unstable lying propagandist we can not
allow the president to control the
language of our reporting on his conduct
and on his lies the phenomena we have to
combat here is called semantic
infiltration the president is trying to
infiltrate the semantics of this story
and force others to use his language and
that strategy worked in a small way when
James clapper appeared on the view and
used the president's word even though he
said he doesn't like that word was the
FBI spying on Trump's campaign no they
were not they were spying on a term I
don't particularly like but on what the
Russians were doing trying to understand
where the Russians infiltrating trying
to gain access trying to gain leverage
and influence what they do and because
James clapper used the word spying
Donald Trump tweeted the lie clapper has
now admitted that there was spying in my
campaign and some Trump supporters will
now believe and repeat that lie joining
us now is Democratic congressman Eric
Scott from California he's a member of
the House Intelligence Committee and the
House Judiciary Committee cars Francois
well I want to get your reaction to the
meetings today as we were discussing in
the previous
a segment with what was supposed to be
the gang of eight that includes the
leaders of both parties of the
intelligence committees in both bodies
as well as the leaders of both bodies
and in both parties so you end up with a
Nancy Pelosi Paul Ryan Mitch McConnell
Chuck Schumer and it didn't quite turn
out that way you couldn't get full
attendance at what seemed to be an
important meeting no it was like it was
a gang of 20 though when you included
the White House team that the president
sent over and his lawyers that were
trying to make their way in but Lords
just as we've seen as the pass the
president drops a smoke bomb into the
investigation tries to distract from the
evidence that exists that shows there
are real concerns about his contacts
with Russia the smoke clears and nothing
has changed about the evidence in the
case we have learned nothing new that
would suggest the FBI has done nothing
but protect Americans so I you know he
uses his word my word is protect
Americans they launched an investigation
because they were concerned that his
family his businesses and his campaign
were drawing us too damn close to
Russians whose interests were only to
sow discord and to help Trump get
elected now the president the United
States has said very very clearly there
was spying there was definitely spying
let's listen to what the Speaker of the
House says when he's asked about that he
doesn't know the answer to that question
and yet he doesn't seem to object to the
president just declaring that there was
spying it doesn't sound like much of a
speaker right I mean his speaker speaks
up and Paul Ryan today chose to leave
town when a bipartisan meeting took
place and I think that represents the
worst of Washington because he left town
to go to a fundraiser there was an
opportunity to have a bipartisan meeting
to address a lot of the alarming
behavior coming from Paul Ryan's
colleagues in Congress including Devin
Nunez and he just leaves town and so you
know whether that is a sign that he
doesn't want to be a part of this or he
is just going to give a green light to
the president he is abdicating his
responsibilities
to put up the necessary walls between
lawful investigations and what Donald
Trump is trying to do to reach into the
evidence locker and pervert this
investigation and one of the many
stories Donald Trump is trying to divert
attention away from is Wall Street
Journal report indicating that Roger
stone I'm gonna read from report
privately sought information he
considered damaging to Hillary Clinton
from WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange
during the 2016 presidential campaign
according to emails reviewed by The Wall
Street Journal the emails could raise
new questions about mr. stones testimony
before the House Intelligence Committee
in September in which he said he merely
wanted confirmation from an acquaintance
that mr. Assange had information about
mrs. Clinton and in gaarsland's wall
well The Wall Street Journal seems to
have some real detail about these Roger
stone emails you know the Wall Street
Journal Lawrence does not have subpoena
power but they've done some pretty good
reporting and they have a lot better
access than Congress does so they're
learning information that we actually
would have been able to learn if the
Republicans were willing to use a
subpoena power that we had i interviewed
Roger stone along with my Democratic
colleagues and there were a lot of
follow-up questions we had and subpoenas
we wanted to issued to find out about
his communications and the Republicans
stopped us at every single request so
thank God for the reporting of the Free
Press because otherwise we wouldn't
learn about this information and
hopefully Bob Muller can continue to
pursue Roger stones contacts with
Assange and what his knowledge was and
whether he was passing information back
to Donald Trump because ultimately this
goes to what did Donald Trump know about
stones efforts and the efforts of his
campaign to try and work with the
Russians Cosman Eric's wall well thank
you very much for joining us yeah really
my pleasure thank you thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
