as you may have heard by now and as
we're going to get to later on in the
show today President Trump abruptly
canceled the big summit with North
Korean leader Kim jong-un planned for
next month and while of course there are
huge monumental dangerous issues to
contend with in the wake of that
decision
the real question on everyone's mind is
what's going to happen with those fancy
coins the White House made to
commemorate the summit you remember the
ones with the silhouettes of trompin kim
jeong-hoon facing off jagged split
dividing them the phrase peace talks
imprinted on the top and a few olive
branches for an in for good measure
those magnificent coins are obviously
going to be collector item now a hot
commodity that would sell for any price
or at least that's what you might think
if you were any good at selling things
with Trump's name on them so of course
that's the exact opposite of what
happened and that's thing too in 60
seconds when news broke today that
President Trump had canceled the summit
with Kim jong-un there was a mad rush to
a White House website not for more
information about Trump's decision but
of course to the gift shop for the
commemorative summit coins where lo and
behold the coins had been designated the
deal of the day selling to the low low
price of just 1995 and thank goodness
the shop had posted a disclaimer to
dispel any concerns about the fate of
the coins true Trump fashion written
with almost but not quite all the words
unnecessarily capitalized and missing
some punctuation saying the coin will be
made whether or not the whether or not
the summit occurs as scheduled because
the theme is coming closer to peace and
celebrates the act of communication
among countries if summit does not occur
you can request a refund but most
supporters have said they want this
heirloom of political history it's about
come I cannot believe someone wrote that
and then for the piece de resistance
the page couldn't handle the volume of
visitors and crashed remaining down for
several hours
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
