enough to see one of these NFL owners
when somebody disrespects our flag to
say get that son of a bitch off the
field right now out he's fired
welcome back karma that was President
Trump of course last fall lashing out at
NFL players who chose to kneel during
the national anthem in protest of police
brutality well Trump's words set off a
firestorm of course in the NFL reignited
that controversy
just yesterday outlining a new policy to
address players taking a knee that's the
term for it under the policy players who
are on the field are required now to
stand during the national anthem or the
team will face up fine
it gives players the choice to stay off
the field in the locker room during the
anthem without facing a penalty well
this morning on Fox and Friends
President Trump praised that decision
well I think that's good I don't think
people should be staying in locker rooms
but still I think it's good you have to
stand proudly for the national anthem
well you shouldn't be playing you
shouldn't be there maybe you shouldn't
be in the country from where I'm John by
Donte Stallworth at an 11-year veteran
of the NFL don t I don't know I don't
know how you make somebody stand in
respect without showing some sign of
anger or dis contempt for being forced
to do so your thoughts about how players
will react if this does go into effect
well I think the players and they've
they've a lot of them have expressed
their feelings through Twitter they're
there they're not gonna just sit down
and take this from the president they're
not gonna sit down and take this from
the NFL I think that the president has
you know attacked NFL players
consistently since last season and even
even before that when when Collin first
decided to take a knee back in 2016 the
players know that the president you know
has been attacking them and will at all
costs but I think the interesting part
to me Chris is that you look at this
issue as the height of hypocrisy from
folks on the other side of this argument
who profess to love the Constitution who
profess to be freedom loving Patriots
they'll they'll go to to the ends of the
earth to defend and find all types of
justifications for the Second Amendment
even when our babies are in in their
classrooms being murdered but when it
comes to the First Amendment they're
silent yeah it's the First Amendment's
not for popular speech we don't need to
protect people say popular things about
our country it's whether you say
something that rubs people the wrong way
is when you need the freedom yeah you do
and that's the that's the founding
principles of this country yeah you look
at obviously the Constitution that's the
very first amendment obviously the
founding fathers thought that was
probably the most important thing that
they could institute in our country
going forward from from being a you know
from the country's inception but again
you know the players know what what the
what the NFL is that it's doing here
they're obviously kowtow into the
president the president has beefed going
back with the NFL for decades now
because they wouldn't let him buy an NFL
team so he's done as much as he can to
attack NFL players but again you see
sterling Brown what happened to him the
Milwaukee Bucks
rookie where he was tased by police
officers that is precisely why NFL
players have chosen to kneel you know
I've been watching the NBA Playoffs like
a lot of people have been fabulous and I
don't know who's going to end up on top
or even is going to two teams
either team's gonna make it the
favorites but you know I've heard that
NFL players don't have the leverage that
NBA players had that one guy like LeBron
James of course or Steph or or Dwayne
one of those guys could just say no I'm
not playing here and the coach is going
potentially they're not going to do that
they get along with their coaches but I
want to do Penn FL players have the kind
of leverage where they could say damn it
to the owners we want to do this and
we're going to do it yeah I think they
do the thing about the NFL versus the
NBA and that in that regard Chris is
that there's 11 12 maybe 13 or 14 guys
that are on in on an NBA roster and in
an NFL roster there are 60 guys so
you've got to get a lot of guys on board
on the same page to be able to pull
something off like that but it can be
done and I think you know if that does
happen in the NFL the owners will have
to take account because the players
african-americans make up more than
two-thirds of the NFL so you know
they've definitely got a voice
let's talk about this how it could have
been done the NFL Players Association
said they were not even consulted by
league owners making this decision but
some players already expressed their
disagreeing with the new policy of
course the Philadelphia Eagles Malcolm
Jenkins a vocal advocate for social
justice programs generally said in a
statement what NFL note owners did today
was fourth the players constitutional
right to express themselves his teammate
Chris long was also critical running
this is a fear of diminished bottom line
it's about economics one owner the New
York Jets Christopher Johnson said he
would pay and he finds it would not
discipline the players who price but
what do you think of that owner of the
Giants I mean what do you make of this
guy he's one of the 31 who voted for it
for this thing you have to keep it in
the locker room and then he says but
I'll pay the fine there's such fear here
it seems yeah it is and again you know
goes back obviously to the president and
how he's used the Oval Office you know
to kind of attack any of his perceived
adversaries he's even even our own
institutions the FBI DOJ it's it's just
a you know I'm more concerned honestly
about how we how the president and this
administration has been flirting with
authoritarianism the president is you
know buddies with rather digo the tort a
out of Philippines these buddies and
he's said very complimentary things
about Vladimir Putin he said same things
about Kim jong-eun and he's obviously
good friends with Iran who you know we
all know as another thought here I don't
know how any fan white or black or
Hispanic and I know they love the NFL
teens I grew up in an NFL town I live in
one now in Washington the people white
and black loved their NFL teams like you
can't imagine how much they love those
teams they wear their players names on
their backs the kids do they get war
paint on and everything in DC how can
you root for a player you've got you
carry in your heart and then NFL Sunday
afternoon game how do you care about
that guy as a as a champion at the same
time know that you've gagged the guy
then you've humiliated the guy and tell
him he can't express his First Amendment
rights I think this is this is
disquieting Dante it's just disquieting
morally to me anyway and I don't know
how anybody can like of an apartheid
world where
people are told what to do and what not
to do in that way anyway Donte
Stallworth please come back this
conversation is gonna go on I don't
think this is the last word
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
