powered Bryant senior writer at espn.com
and also an NPR sports correspondent and
he's author of the new book of the
heritage black athletes and divide in
America and the politics of patriotism
Howard I don't know how you got the NFL
and President Trump to promote your book
like this but I'm sure you're sending
sending a bouquet their way Howard I
don't know where to begin here but I
want to start with this let's start with
the NFL and the reaction from both
players and frankly executives to how
did they come up with this suppose it
compromise this seems to be an
invitation for more protests not less
this is a recipe for disaster it appears
that the NFL has simply decided to
engage in the culture wars that the
president started back in September when
he called the players s Obi's and Colin
Kaepernick in particular and when that
happened last year the owners and the
players came together because they
recognize their business was in a little
bit of trouble remember you had Jerry
Jones taking a knee last here they've
got their owners in solidarity with the
players and and then on top of that you
have the players making a deal with
ownership last December that they were
going to collaborate and partner on
social justice and so they ratify that
deal a couple days ago and then the
owners come back with this I talked to
players and I talked to people in the in
the Players Association who told me that
this is fuel this is instead of this
being over it's just beginning in is
this a is this a is this the lack of
leadership by Roger Goodell is are there
a handful of owners that are just that
how are handcuffing him I mean to me a
good leader somebody who has control of
their organization would have said the
following mr. president
we appreciate your point of view on this
and and you know we hear also love the
flag and love this country you worry
about the country we'll worry about the
league we appreciate your input and then
end of story
why can't Roger get that why doesn't he
have that kind of sway within the NFL
well I think there's a couple reasons I
think the first reason is let's not
forget the number of NF
owners who gave money to the Trump
campaign let's not forget how afraid the
NFL owners seem to be of the president
when he went after the players last year
I think they are definitely pandering
and I think that this is also that that
culture were conversation that we've
been having for the last couple of years
on this which is positioning the players
as unpatriotic runs counter to the NFL's
business model but I think they believe
that they can profit off of this I think
that they've sort of recognized that
they have a leverage in terms of Labor
when pushing the players in this
unpatriotic corner making the public
believe that they're not citizens Mike
Pence within I guess hours after this
announcement was on he just simply
retweeted a story about it
hashtag winning I would assume even the
NFL owners who wanted that this we
wanted to make this decision would have
begged the vice-president what are you
doing stop it now you've just made the
policy even harder to sell well that
goes back to one of the things that this
whole book is about Chuck and you and I
have talked about this a few times over
the last couple of years is who gets to
be an American and who get and are we
using sports the Roger Goodell said
earlier about not wanting the flag to be
disrespected he wants the flag to be
respected however how can you say that
it's it's that the flag is being
respected in the NFL when teams are
charging the Department of Defense to
have these patriotic displays take place
in the first place that that they are
politicizing the sport and yet all we do
is talk about black players on the other
hand one thing that you definitely see
here is that this is just more pandering
we've seen this playbook before it's
like the Packers sweep first it was
welfare queens then it was Willie one of
them was Willie Horton and now we're
talking about ballplayers but it's the
same old playbook in terms of organizing
a base at the expense of of black
players it's interesting though that
it's being supposedly couched as a
potential business decision because
Cornell Belcher Democratic pollster who
I frequently have on this show he was on
it yesterday he's on Meet the Press
quite frequently he did his own survey
of african-american voters in
battleground states
and they 35% he found said they watched
less football because colin kaepernick
remained unsigned that was back in march
that he did this this is a this idea of
the NFL owners do they think their fans
are only white and only conservative
well and that's that's one of the things
when when I heard about this yesterday
two things came to mind the first was
that this is a shot at Labor to see if
the NFL players are actually unified and
to find out how much they're willing to
fight for these things they say they
believe in but it's also a shot at the
black consumer and the message that's
being sent is watch our game spend on
our game and keep your mouth shut so
we're gonna find out just how much how
offended the the black consumer is and
what they're willing to do as well the
other thing that I think there's a fear
of that people are sort of social
justice warriors watching here is this
concern that if you have this sort of
choice about standing for the flag and
suddenly there's a color disparity and
the white players are out and the black
players are in the locker room look
white players are gonna have to probably
should be a buffer here I guess between
owner and african-american players
what's your sense of that how are they
gonna can player unity overcome racial
disparity well this is the area Chuck
where the NFL Players Association has an
amazing opportunity they've got an
opportunity to get those players
together and say look we don't care
about your politics here we already have
concurrent collusion lawsuits going with
Colin Kaepernick and ever agreed that
the NFL owners are telling you right now
we are going to deny your employment
we're going to humiliate you if you guys
don't come together we don't care about
your politics but when it comes to
messin with us we stick together and
we'll see what they do about that
it seems that like the Chris Long's of
the world he spoke up pretty sports
fully aaron rodgers in the past has they
might in some ways the players union
almost needs them to be the spokespeople
no well they do and this is a labor
issue and when you look at this story
but when you look at this story even in
my book when you look at the heritage in
general over the last 50 or 60 years
there
very few white players who have stood up
and said look I stand with my teammates
the big challenge is gonna take place
right now that's for sure
Howard Bryant I could keep going but I
gotta in this segment now good luck with
the book it's one thing for sure it's
well timed
thank you sir thank you hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mind set right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
