John McLoughlin he's a former CIA deputy
director now an MSNBC
national security analyst he was one of
the five former intelligence officials
who wrote a letter today to
congressional leaders urging them to
quote resist efforts to politicize
intelligence oversight mr. McLaughlin
joins me now I would say you want them
to resist is it too late I think
resistance seems futile at this point
they haven't resisted I guess you hoping
that they will stop here's what we're
really saying Chuck we're really saying
in that letter could you just behave
normally what does that mean you know
what is that well you know those of us
who've been involved in intelligence a
long time have been through a lot of
counterintelligence investigations and
we've been through I've personally been
through a lot of gang of eight
notifications' gang of eight being the
congressional leadership to include the
Intelligence Committee Chairman and vice
chairman and typically this is done on a
bipartisan basis and why is that
important well you know the American
public has to have confidence that the
most sensitive activities of the US
government FBI CIA National Security
Agency that these things are being done
appropriately legally effectively and
that's what these committees are for and
they have to be done bipartisan on a
bipartisan basis or I think justifiably
the American public will say well what's
going on people wrong the reason we have
these norms and frankly some of them are
more than norms that this the way it's
done was because there was some trust
issues with the CIA back in the 60s and
70s absolutely this is the the famous
church commander absolutely these
committees were created in 1976 in 1977
and the deal was the people on these
committees are going to be serious
people in Congress they will get
everything that the intelligence
community produces in return for their
good judgment critical at times and
their discretion on a bipartisan basis
and it has worked that way most of the
time not all of the time but I think
with the newness memo back in February
he drove a big stake right through the
heart of this process and every time we
see something like this happen it's
pounded in a little deeper this feels on
the house and a bit unrecoverable
right now I don't have a guy I mean I I
have approval
I've s I think the Senate is proving
that you can do this still um but I
don't know on the house side why do you
believe it's recoverable well its
recoverable out of partisanship over
there well its recoverable with
leadership and I only say that it's
recoverable you think so where's Paul
Ryan Nancy Pelosi here I don't
understand I'm talking about new leaders
so cuz I don't understand why the two of
them might ask this question to multiple
leaders I'm in the two of them
essentially grab newness and shift by
the years and says guys stop this well I
think part of the problem is that
newness is just not going to stop I mean
I have no personal animus toward
congressman earnest but just observing
his behavior this is the kind of thing
that ruins this process the reason I
think it's recover boys I have seen it
work well at times if you went back a
couple generations on this committee to
the time when Congressman Mike Rogers
was heading it sure and his deputy was
Dutch Ruppersberger from Maryland they
actually called people like me down
before they took their jobs and we sat
down with them and they asked how can we
do this in a bipartisan way now we told
them and they did it and I think most
people in the intelligence business
would say now that was a different
leadership a different time but these
leadership swill turnovers so my point
is to you chuck yeah
it has to be fixed there's no doubt I
guess the question is who does it you
say new leadership has to do it speaker
Ryan just isn't going to do it and if
they don't do it what if it's a great
failure by speaker Ryan because this is
extremely important to the country it's
right to me maybe I'm seeing it too
close because I have a former
intelligence person but it seems to me
it's right at the heart of our national
security because the kinds of things
that are done by the intelligence
community are essential to everything
we're doing now North Korea Iran
everything this hit a weird sweet spot
is a terrible word to use here but it
here it hit a weird sweet spot this
Trump and these conspiracy theories
because you're already dealing with a
group of people who've been skeptical of
government most of their life these
voters right so they're already
skeptical of all of it frankly the
Intelligence Committee has the black eye
of the WMDs on there
you know on their on their resume so you
already have sort of this this sort of a
seated audience ready to believe a
conspiracy how do we get that back what
do you guys need to do there's one thing
we have to reform the process in
Congress
what should the intelligence community
do to try to win back some credibility
well I think there's a couple things you
can do on the intelligence side though
you're limited I mean you can't go out
there and advocate for yourself now
that's the you're not a politician right
the things you have to do are very
simple really you have to do the best
job you can you have to have a committee
where you can go for no fault
discussions and have a discussion with
them about how you can do better and and
intelligence leaders need to speak out
publicly not about the secrets of the
intelligence business but about why it's
important how it works why we obey the
law why we think this process is
important in Congress why they are the
representative the American people
looking at what we're doing that's the
heart of the process right right there
and but ultimately the current
leadership of Congress is failing on
this so I don't frankly put that you're
correct that intelligence has made
mistakes yeah let's face it that's right
and the politicians are going to make
sure that in to deflect their own blame
that the intelligence committee
sometimes gets more they've outcomes in
Washington policy successes and
intelligence failures now we understand
that and and I could sit here and take
your viewers time listing all of the
intelligence successes that have
occurred which are impressive but that's
not the important thing here I mean the
important thing is to take your point
that they're there I think that here's
the problem
yes the audience is kind of ceded to
expect the worst from intelligence it's
done by Hollywood it's done by everyone
else but this is where the president is
failing he's feeding that right he's
feeding that and you know I know smart
people who know better who are starting
to say well you know maybe the FBI is
screwing up here how is that happening
do you believe these people are truly
honest in their new
found beliefs or that they've just
they're going along for the ride look
I've spent a lot of time working on
authoritarian governments and how
dictators come to power yeah there's a
couple things going on here if you take
a public that is distracted that has
other things that's trying to just lead
their lives which is America which is
what most people are doing and you have
a leader someone they've elected
repeating something over and over and
over again they don't have time to parse
all of the details it starts to sink in
and this before a lot along the lie
becomes the truth and the truth tellers
start telling the lie and so that's the
danger here I think that's the danger I
think we see going on well that's um I
hope it means more from some viewers
coming from you than when we're saying
it too I mean that's the thing you're an
expert in this that's what it feels like
to some of us as well anyway Chum look
off and thanks for coming on sharing
abuse pledge appreciate it
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right here for you on YouTube subscribe
now
