Stevenson even if you can't pronounce
adlai just remember Stevenson Adlai
Stevenson was the Democratic nominee for
president in 1952 but he didn't win he
lost his white eisenhower that year then
four years later in 1956 he tried again
he campaigned in part on the promise
that he would stop the testing of
nuclear weapons he would stop making new
nukes he would slow down the arms race
we were in with the Soviet Union for
holding that position in the 1956 race
against then incumbent President
Eisenhower Adlai Stevenson got hammered
his opponent said that stopping nuclear
tests would give Russia the upper hand
we would fall behind in the arms race
Russia would win Stevenson got called
soft on the Soviet Union and he lost his
second presidential race against
Eisenhower he lost in 52 against
Eisenhower he lost again against
Eisenhower in 56 two times in a row but
at least Evensen remained a powerful
figure in democratic politics when 1960
rolled around remember he'd run at 52
and 56 next time around was 1960 he
considered running for president for a
third time he would have been a very
serious contender right around the time
Stevenson was deciding whether or not he
was going to jump into the race in 1960
though he got a surprise phone call an
invitation from the Russian ambassador
to the United States Russian ambassador
told Adlai Stevenson that he would like
him to visit the Russian embassy because
Russia had gifts for him so at least
Evensen flew to Washington to meet with
the Russian ambassador
he says they gave him wine he says they
fed him fruit and Russian caviar but it
wasn't just gifts they actually wanted
to make him a pitch for much more the
Russian ambassador at that meeting ended
up reading Adlai Stevenson a letter from
Moscow quote we are concerned
and we are concerned with the future and
that America has the right president
when we compare all the possible
presidential candidates in the United
States we feel that mr. Stevenson is
best for mutual understanding and
progress toward peace these are the
views not only of Nikita Khrushchev but
of the Presidium in Russia that party
hierarchy we and our hearts all favor
him and ask him which way we could be of
assistance to those forces in the United
States which favor friendly relations
could the Soviet press assist mr.
Stevenson's personal success how should
the press praised him and if so for what
should it criticize him and if so for
what mr. Stevenson will know best what
would help him January 1960 so months
before the American presidential
election that year at least even since
deciding whether or not he's gonna run
again the Russian government invites at
least Stephenson to their embassy for a
meeting to tell him to run and to offer
help
so Russia could get the president they
preferred into the White House Russian
ambassador reportedly offered Adlai
Stevenson not just propaganda not just
Soviet press help to help him get the
presidency they also offered him Russian
money what is the right thing to do in
that circumstance this was 1960 what's
the right response
well when at least Stephenson got home
from that surprise meeting at the
Russian embassy he wrote the whole thing
down he took contemporaneous notes
contemporaneous memos of everything the
Ambassador had told him in that meeting
he wanted to document and memorialize
that offer from this foreign power to
help him win the presidency Stevenson
wrote quote I made the following points
to the ambassador my thanks for this
expression of confidence my thanks for
this proffer of aid but also quote my
grave misgivings about the propriety or
wisdom of any interference direct or
indirect in the American election I said
to him that even if I was a candidate I
could not accept the assistance
proffered I believe I made it clear to
him that I considered the offer of such
assistance highly improper indiscreet
and dangerous to all concerned no sir
and and for years the whole incident
with the wine
the fruit and the caviar that whole
story about how Russia had tried to
encourage Stevenson to run in 1960s they
wanted to prop up an American
presidential candidate they thought he'd
be nice to Moscow so they wanted him for
years that whole thing stayed secret the
public didn't find out about it until
Stevenson's biography was published
seventeen years after that crazy meeting
but what had happened at least
Stephenson did report it to someone at
the time he did tell someone at the time
about that overture that he had received
from Russia he reported it to eisenhower
he reported it to the Eisenhower
administration he told his arch
political enemy the person who nabbed
the White House from him not once but
twice Stevenson told that person the
commander-in-chief for the good of the
country
he thought the US government needed to
know that a foreign country had come to
him and offered to help make him
president offered to help swing an
election toward their desired candidate
he did not accept that help he said no
thank you
and then he alerted the US government
that was 1960 Russia trying to swing a
u.s. presidential election for the
candidate of their choosing
Russia has since tried to do it again of
course in your book you say that the
Russian attack did affect the outcome of
the election it did in effect elect
Trump why do you feel like you can say
that when you consider the fact that the
election was settled with less than
80,000 votes in three key states which
wasn't started it just stretches logic
to me and that it didn't have huge
impact on the election former Director
of National Intelligence Jim clapper was
here last night with this new book that
he's got about his years of service in
Intel he writes about what he saw when
Russia was attacking our election in
2016 he says unequivocally that he
thinks Russia swung the election to a
Trump win he said here last night that
what Russia did to interfere with our
election worked and that is how we got
Donald Trump as president Kapur says
when he was DNI he watched Russia and
the Trump
Payne employ parallel messaging parallel
strategies he called today putative team
effort by the Russian government in the
Trump campaign to get Trump elected
because of Adlai Stevenson's notes in
1960 we know that 2016 wasn't the first
time Russia tried overtly to to prop up
a presidential candidacy in our history
what James clapper is telling us this
time is that it worked and that has some
pretty profound consequences Michael
Beschloss is here next stay with us
hey there arm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
