joining us now the mayor of New York
City Democrat Bill DeBlasio mr. mayor
always good to have you with us Thank
You Willie
I do know it as we sit here that there
are 1 2 3 on remote and Mike Barnicle
over there for Red Sox fans out of New
York City said let's go Sox Thank You
wrong Joe Mike you're a great Americans
and you've got John and Lemire a little
competitive history on the softball
field yes we did you just reminded me of
the ill-fated City Hall press corps
versus mayor's office softball game a
few years back yes Lemire plays hard
they want getting credit for that spikes
up which is probably all great yeah well
great so we've got a bunch of New York
City questions for you obviously but one
asking about some national news as well
the NFL's new policy yesterday on
kneeling players not allowed to kneel
during the anthem they can remain in the
locker room if they wish but they can't
kneel for the anthem what's your
reaction on America just playing on
American it doesn't make sense you know
we would not tolerate if any other
employer said that their employees
cannot express their beliefs you know
right away you'd say violation of the
First Amendment I don't understand why
the owners think they can get away with
this in any way shape or form but what
they're doing ultimately is simply
bringing more attention to the cause of
players who are saying there's a
injustice that has to be addressed and
by the way I'm thrilled to see athletes
actually care enough about something
beyond themselves to say we want to see
our nation heal we want to see a
different relationship between police
and community we're doing that here in
New York City we have a neighborhood
policing approach has made us the safest
big city in America we're bringing down
tensions between police and community
that's something we would want to see
everywhere these players are helping to
draw attention to it how do the owners
have a right to tell them not to be
civically engaged and try and do
something they care about I think it's
gonna backfire Eddie this this
particular discussion happens against
the backdrop of what happened to
Sterling Brown in Wisconsin Milwaukee
Wisconsin talk a little bit about what
the national anthem protest actually
refers to I mean it is it is about a
particular nature of policing a
particularly kind of policing you've had
to struggle with this in this city talk
a little bit about what those protesters
all about and how you've addressed there
an expression of pain I think we have to
understand the notion that the protests
are saying we have something happening
that does not conform to our American
values and has to end and can end and
this is why I don't find it a hopeless
situation I think it's a hopeful
situation here in New York City we had a
long history attentions and problems
between police and community we've come
a long way to resolve that and heal that
again we're the safest big city in
America because we've gotten police and
community more on the same page because
we did things like teach police officers
to de-escalate that's something the
entire police force in New York City has
been retrained to de-escalate in tense
situations we are using implicit bias
training to help all officers of all
backgrounds understand we're humans we
have biases we need to consciously think
about those to not let them affect our
work these efforts are working so crime
keeps going down here's another amazing
thing that connects to this point
arrests keep going down in New York City
- we have a hundred thousand fewer
arrests today than we did four years ago
and yet crime has gone down for four
years in a row why because police and
community are communicating there's more
sense of being on the same side we have
neighborhood policing which means our
officers are trying to build human
relationships locally get people
thinking about each other on a
first-name basis talking to each other
on a first-name basis so I think the NFL
protests are about unfortunately the
opposite the too many times we've seen
the cell phone video of overt injustice
of someone killed who should not have
been killed and and the players are
saying this is not the America we signed
up for how do we fix this and they're
not being unconstructive they're not
being negative they're saying we need
something different in this country how
many cell phone videos we have to watch
before people recognize that that status
quo is unacceptable police conduct is
obviously a matter of great importance
every day in a major city so is of
course public transportation the subways
here in New York the certainly run Barry
the talking point run by the state you
know is something that has rid the
condition of which is really
deteriorated here in the last few years
service in New York City has really
suffered it's become a flashpoint in
this year's gubernatorial election
between Andrew Cuomo seeking re-election
and his contenders eight competitors
including cynthia nixon yeah can you
weigh in what you think will you see on
that race what you like about mrs.
Nixon's candidacy what you like about
the governor's candidacy and how should
the subways be part of this well I think
what's happening in this state is
happening everywhere in the United
States right now and I'm saying this as
a Democrat and a progressive a big
change is underway it's been coming for
a few years we certainly saw elements of
this in the 2016 election but you can go
back well before that I mean I got
elected in 2013 as an outsider talking
about change not expected and we've seen
a lot of other people elected around the
country whose election was not expected
the party is changing so I think the
primary here in this state simply
represents another example of that where
a growing progressive corn and
Democratic Party is speaking up and not
accepting the status quo that has
existed for a long time you're seeing it
all over and you're gonna see a lot more
of it I guarantee you this is where the
Democratic Party is going because look
we became unfortunately in the minds of
too many Americans the elitist party
that's what happened in 2016 we were to
too many of those folks in Wisconsin and
Michigan and Pennsylvania we were a
party it didn't actually care about them
anymore
and by the way those folks are white and
they are black and they are young and
they are old they're people of different
demographics I don't buy into this you
know you're either are talking about
young people and people of color and
women or you're talking about white
working-class men I think it's a
continuum of folks who felt let down by
the Democratic Party and disconnected
from the Democratic Party so that's a
lot of what's playing out here in New
York so we were you're supporting in
this yeah I am NOT in this primary yet
at some point I will weigh in but I want
to say that's a question of what's
happening why it's happening it's very
consistent what we see around the whole
country but you will make an endorsement
at some time I'm gonna decide what to do
about this race in New York State I'm
also very focused on winning back to the
state Senate in New York State which i
think is going to happen it's been
Republican for many years I think it's
about to flip democratic that has huge
ramifications for the people in New York
City and for this state and for the
country because of congressional is very
clear that we should not mr. mayor that
your world view your ideology or policy
positions line up much better with
Cynthia Nixon's than they do with
Governor Cuomo's so I'm not gonna do a
sort of analysis of how which is the way
I see the world
in terms of history I have a great and
respectful positive history with Cynthia
Nixon we've worked very close together
she's been education activist he's been
someone who's fought for I think a lot
of the right things but the fact is
electoral decisions are something I'll
make when I feel is the appropriate time
but the overall reality and Democrats
should get used to it is progressives in
the party and the grassroots are not
going to accept the democratic party the
way it was it is in the process of
change it's not just gonna happen in
2018 it's going to be a long term trend
can she win can Cynthia Nixon win do you
think and does the part of the party she
represents and you align with do they
have the wind at their back this year
yes absolutely yes progressives and the
change agents and the party and the
people did not accept the previous
status quo have the wind at their back
there's a lot of great examples I think
Stacey Abrams is a great example in
Georgia this week but we've been seeing
it all over the country
so there's no question in my mind where
is the energy how did Virginia happen
how did the Virginia House of Delegates
race happen a bunch of grassroots
Democrats progressives activists running
organizing things way beyond the
traditional party structure almost under
the radar shocked us all we've seen that
repeated in state after state Alabama
happened because of a lot of grassroots
organizing I think this is the shape of
things to come
less traditional candidates progressives
activists folks who can legitimately say
I don't represent the status quo I think
that's the future of the Democratic
Party so you think she can win I
unquestionably in a race with two
prominent candidates and a time where
people are very distressed about the
status quo anything can happen so mr.
mayor the president was joined by Deputy
Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and
homeland security secretary Kirsten
nears Neilson speaking yesterday out on
Long Island and an event the focused on
immigration violence tied to the ms-13
gang and this morning the president
weighed in on the renewed effort on
Capitol Hill for immigration reform
saying he wants a comprehensive package
let's listen to what he said this
morning there's some legislation moving
through so-called moderates in the house
to get daca back out there get
immigration going it's not coming from
leadership
have you mr. president been watching
this shape I have when you actually have
four different bills unless it includes
a wall and I mean a wall a real wall and
unless it includes a very strong border
security
there'll be no approvals for me chain
migration is terrible louder is terrible
we certainly would like to have it in we
have to get rid of catch-and-release if
a deal doesn't include those two things
but has the wall and and Daka is this
Donald Trump do that deal I think it's
time to get the whole package it's such
a big deal right it's time to get the
whole package you so mr. mayor what does
daca mean to new york city specifically
when you look at it it means tens of
thousands of young people who are part
of our community and contribute to our
community and should be allowed to stay
in their own country this is our country
effectively
and what we're seeing all over this
country is the American people have
spoken they think the dreamers should
stay they get it you brought here as a
kid it wasn't your choice you become
part of our society I've talked a lot of
these dreamers so many of them are
tremendous go-getters and they're you
know they want to make an impact and and
the fact that they've lived their life
kind of on the edge not knowing if they
could stay or not has I think brought
out a lot of Drive and purpose in them
these exactly kind of folks who want to
help make America something better so
there's no question in my mind that the
American people are ready to receive the
dreamers as a permanent part of our
society let's get there but let's say
that speech in Long Island yesterday
that was painful it was I mean I went
over the transcript again because I
literally couldn't believe it at one
point
it's not about ms-13 it's an attempt to
paint Latinos as a danger to our country
and I say in New York City we reject
that our Police Department rejects that
we became the safest big city in America
because we reached out and worked with
immigrant communities they helped the
police to make this city the safest big
city in America the last time we had
this few murders in New York City the
Dodgers were playing at Ebbets Field
that happened in the ultimate city of
immigrants with immigrants and police
cooperation here's the other irony
Willie down
Trump has told me repeatedly in
conversations he'll often say you know I
just things are great New York City
their great great crime is down things
are great Hill at knowledge openly that
New York City has gotten safer and then
he'll turn around and attack immigrants
and try and paint a very few disgusting
gang members don't get me wrong I want
to get all those guys in jail too and
deport it but he'll paint them as the
exemplar of all Latinos that's what's
really going on here and and we
shouldn't accept it because the facts
speak exactly against it and he knows
that he's said to my face he knows this
is a safe city and it's obviously a city
of immigrants too so we know you have to
run mr. mayor but before we let you go
Steve wanted me to ask you based on an
announcer you made the other day can he
now openly smoke blunts when he walks
around the Upper East Side understood as
a hippie really doesn't want to take the
hit okay told me a hippie who's just
waiting to come out so he just wants to
walk down the street what is the law
just fo Kara fication the law in New
York State is it is not legal to smoke
marijuana in public and that will
continue to be the case I believe I
think eventually you'll see in New York
State possibly as early as next year
legalization but that does not mean that
that will include the right to smoke in
public but do you want be arrested for
it what I want to see happen and we're
working it with the NYPD right now in
New York City is instead of arrest go to
summons this is what we've done with
low-level marijuana possession we don't
want to saddle a lot of people
particularly young people with a
criminal record that then haunts them
the rest of their life and we want to
address the issue we can do that with a
summons and by the way we've brought
down crime again with a hundred thousand
fewer arrests than four years ago arrest
is not always the best way to get
something done in our police leaders
know that and that summonses pocket
change for Ratner so you're all set
absolutely there is a legal carve out
for the set of morning
you are the air bill de blasio always
good to talk to you thanks for being
here Thank You Willie coming up we'll
talk to two senators one Democrat one
Republican who are coming together to
block a US ally from receiving US made
aircraft we'll ask them why next thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
