a lot of bad things have happened we now
call it spy gate you calling it spy gate
President Trump has seized on this new
branding effort to discredit the
discredit the Russia investigation he
declared on Twitter today quote spy gate
could be one of the biggest political
scandals in history based on what we
know to be his TV viewing habits and his
late-night chats with a certain Fox News
host there is no shortage of source
material or validation for their most
prominent viewer these type of tactics
spying on an opposition party in an
election year are you kidding me
the new report that may indicate that
the Obama administration did in fact spy
in the Trump campaign and then the news
came out about the spies this was a
spying on the campaign of the opposing
party party they knew what they were
doing and they were engaged in an active
ongoing politically motivated spying
operation to put the fix in to save
Hillary's campaign then they quickly
started spying on the Trump campaign
let's talk about this with a man who has
engaged in spying Malcolm myth's a
veteran of Naval Intelligence special
ops homeland security 35 years
experience working in counterterrorism
and Intel also happens to be the author
of the plot to hack America how Putin
cyber spies and WikiLeaks tried to steal
the 2016 election so Malcolm how and
where does it strike you when you hear
all of that when you hear our president
call this spy gate well I find it very
ironic that he would actually choose
that term
besides the the nod that we need to give
out to the to the Patriots by using the
term spy gate it appears that he's
carrying out a massive projection by
trying to take this innocuous use of an
informant by the FBI which is very
common and conflate it into the exact
scandal that is surrounding his campaign
in fact I think we ought to take the
term back I think we should use the term
spy gate to be quite honest spy gate
technically describes the Russian spies
who were possibly in
conspiracy with members of the Trump
campaign in order to steal an election
and subvert American democracy that's
the real spigen that's why I want to
play you the following this is James
clapper appearing on PBS today this is
the former Director of National
Intelligence and the allegation he makes
now about 2016 we'll talk about it on
the other side since I left the
government though as a private citizen
it's my what I would call my informed
opinion that - given the massive effort
the Russians made and the number of
citizens that they touched and the
variety and the multi-dimensional
aspects of what they did - to influence
opinion and fly affect the election and
given the fact that it turned on less
than 80,000 votes in three states to me
it just exceeds logic and credulity that
they didn't affect the election and it's
my belief they actually turned it they
actually turned it that right there is
ball game the one that Trump doesn't
want to see or hear because that speaks
to the greater fear of illegitimate of
the election and I think he's terrified
of the idea that the possibility that
illegitimate see the belief that he is
an illegitimate president with evidence
coming out against it will catch fire
and that is why he is making every
effort to subvert the investigatory
processes of the United States law
enforcement this is you know someone
asked me the other day they said well
how would you explain this to the
American public what Donald Trump is
doing well let me give you a pop culture
reference it's sort of like when penguin
becomes the mayor of Gotham City the
problem is Robert Muller is Batman and
he is mortally terrified that what's
going to happen here is that law
enforcement and justice will do their
job every one of them as Republicans so
he lies he calls every one of them a
Democrat listen you know I think that by
doing this by going this route of
purging
acting in lying and then calling this
Spygate he seems to fail to realize that
in 1780 Benedict Arnold didn't realize
that his name would become infamous
throughout all of history I think Donald
Trump might want to reflect on that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
