thanks you at home for joining us this
hour a serving Republican US senator
senator jeff flake of arizona has given
a blistering speech today he gave speech
today at harvard law school in which he
levied know not only harsh criticism at
president Trump but he also described
President Trump as posing a great danger
a severe danger to American democracy
watch not to be unpleasant but I do
bring news from our nation's capitol
first the good news your national
leadership is well not good at all our
presidency has been debased by a figure
who seemingly has a bottomless appetite
for destruction and division and only a
passing familiarity with how the
Constitution works and our article one
branch of government the Congress that's
me is utterly supine in the visit in the
face of the moral vandalism that flows
from the White House daily now you might
reasonably ask where's the good news in
that well simply put we may have hit
bottom this is it if you've been
wondering what the bottom looks like
this is what it looks like when you
stress test all of the institutions that
undergird our constitutional democracy
at the same time
how did we arrive at such a moment of
great peril wherein the President of the
United States publicly threatens on Fox
and Friends historians will note to
interfere in the administration of
justice and seems to think that the
office confers on him the ability to
decide who and what gets investigated
and who and what does not and just this
week the president offering an
outlandish rationale ordered an
investigation into the investigation of
the Russian attack on all our electoral
process not to defend the country
against future attacks mind you but to
defend himself
obviously ordering investigations is not
a legitimate use of presidential power
rule of thumb if the only acceptable
outcome is in a matter of law or justice
is a result that is satisfactory to the
leader then you might be living in a
democracy that is in trouble if the
leader attacks the legitimacy of any
institution that does not pay him
obeisance say the independent judiciary
or the Free Press you might live in a
democracy that is in trouble the rule of
law is an elemental value a value that
preceded and gave rise to our
Constitution it is not an ideology
subject to the pendulum swings of
politics or something to be given a
thumbs up or a thumbs down
during a call to your favorite morning
show it is the basis of our system of
self-government America without the rule
law is no longer America my sounding
this alarm against the government that
was elected under Republican banner and
that calls itself conservative makes me
no less republican or conservative and
opposing the president and much of what
he stands for
is not an act of apostasy it is rather
an act of fidelity we will get through
this of course but we are at the moment
we are in it and we must face it
squarely serving Republican Senator Jeff
Flake of Arizona speaking at Harvard Law
School today speaking in his usual
amiable sort of easygoing style but
saying things that kind of scream off
the page when you when you read them
back rule of thumb the only acceptable
outcome in a matter of large justice is
a result that is satisfactory to the
leader you might live in a democracy
that is in trouble
America without the rule of law is no
longer America how did we arrive at a
moment of such peril
this is what the bottom looks like this
is a stress test of all the institutions
that undergird our constitutional
democracy all
the same time now senator flake it
should be noted is making this eloquent
pitch to stand and fight to
fundamentally oppose this president
because this president is a grave danger
to the most fundamental core democratic
assets of this country but senator flake
himself is quitting
he has already announced that he will be
leaving the US Senate this year rather
than even trying to run for re-election
and his voting record even since he has
announced his retirement doesn't reflect
any meaningful effort by him at all in
his capacity as a u.s. senator to try to
stop what the president is trying to do
with the government so very stern and
stirring words today from this
Republican senator matched with a
pattern of behavior on his part that
doesn't quite square with the
seriousness of the alarm that he is
sounding but going forward these remarks
by Senator flake I think are strong
enough that they may inflect the news
cycle at least for the next few days at
least on that point of the rule of law
the White House today confirmed that
there really is going to be a meeting
tomorrow at which the Justice Department
and the FBI are gonna be expected to
hand over to to pro-trump Republican
congressional chairman some law
enforcement sensitive highly
confidential information about a
confidential human source that the FBI
used in the early stages of its
investigation into whether or not the
Russian government and Russian
intelligence agencies were trying to
penetrate Donald Trump's presidential
campaign to complement the ongoing at
the time Russian government efforts to
interfere with the presidential campaign
to benefit Trump's candidacy and we're
gonna be speaking with presidential
historian Michael Beschloss later
tonight so we will check with him for
sure but as far as we can tell there's
no historical precedent for anything
like this for the FBI and the Justice
Department being directed to hand over
information about a confidential human
source and that is the type of
information that the FBI and the Justice
Department hold basically sacred and
they have they have considered to be a
fundamental responsibility as law
enforcement institutions to protect
their sources to protect that kind of
information because human sources
are vital to the law enforcement
function and if the US government is
seen is no longer protecting them or
respecting the confidentiality of their
service then we won't get any anymore
it's also unprecedented for the FBI and
the Justice Department to be forced to
hand over any information let alone
confidential human source law
enforcement sensitive information about
an investigation that is ongoing but
that is apparently what's gonna happen
tomorrow now the White House is big
concession on that remarkable plan for
tomorrow is that they now say that
sometime after the Memorial Day recess
this same information on this human
source might get briefed to the gang of
eight which is the bipartisan leadership
of both houses of Congress and the
intelligence committees which is how
these things might conceivably handle
through normal channels if there was
anything normal about this but even if
that happens that's not gonna happen
until later tomorrow they really are
just giving this information to trey
Gowdy and Devin Nunez which means in
effect that the Justice Department and
the FBI will be giving the president and
his own legal defense team this
previously secret ongoing previously
secret information about an ongoing
investigation information about what
evidence was collected on the Trump
campaign as the investigation was
starting absolutely remarkable so we'll
have more more on that coming coming up
this hour I have to admit though that I
am seeing developments like this in
today's news through a slightly darker
lens in this past 24 hours since
speaking last night with the immediate
past Director of National Intelligence
James clapper he has this new book facts
and fears and in that book director
clapper comes to this remarkable and
blunt conclusion about how Donald Trump
became president of the United States
director clapper says quote of course
the Russian efforts affected the outcome
of the presidential election surprising
even themselves they swung in the
election to a Trump win to conclude
otherwise stretches logic common sense
and credulity to the breaking point
that that bombshell is the ultimate
conclusion that Jim clapper leads up to
in his new book I'm sort of amazed that
it's not becoming a more dominant story
in the news right now this is the guy
who was Director of National
Intelligence for the last seven years
saying he has concluded based on
everything he has seen that the current
President of the United States was only
installed in office because of a
successful Russian intelligence
operation that the guy who is currently
president now would not be President if
it were not for what Russia did to put
him there the implication is that Donald
Trump is not a legitimate President of
the United States and that Hillary
Clinton would and should be president
now and she only isn't because of an
illegal operation that was mounted
against us from outside our borders to
keep her from winning that election and
taking that position that seems like a
really freakin big deal and it puts a
very different light on what Jeff Flake
is amiably shouting about today at
Harvard Law School and and what
Democrats are losing their minds about
today and what the Department of Justice
and the FBI are apparently being
expected to do tomorrow I mean if the
Director of National Intelligence is
right and this president is only in
office because of an illegal foreign
intelligence op that installed him in
this office then the law enforcement and
counterintelligence effort to
investigate that and to hold people
accountable for that that's not just
some fight about ordinary crime and
punishment right that's not a typical
Washington scandal even it's a that is
that that makes it a critical nexus
between both the rule of law and
national sovereignty our ability to
determine our own leaders without other
countries messing with it efforts to
impede that investigation or to pressure
that investigation into blowing up
through that lens those efforts are are
almost matters of existential concern
for us as a democracy so
there's a lot to talk about on that
front tonight there's one story though
that I want to put on your radar radar
specifically before we talk to Michael
Beschloss before we talk to Adam Schiff
before we get to these other stories
that we're gonna get to tonight there's
one thing that I want to put on your
radar that's from a BBC reporter named
Paul wood Paul would definitely not a
household name not a high profile person
in u.s. news he's had a very interesting
reporting history over the course of
this particular scandal though the day
after BuzzFeed first published the
Christopher steel dossier in January
Paul wood published a long piece at the
BBC that seemed honestly a little woowoo
at the time that's a term of art since
then though what mr. well at least most
of what mr. Wood wrote about in that in
that piece the day after the dossier was
published most of it has has borne out
over time it's it's been proven out by
other reporting it's claims that seemed
controversial even outlandish at the
time have been borne out by other
reporting sense and by congressional
testimony and court documents Paul wood
reported the day after the dossier was
published in January 2017 that the CIA
had been given information during the
summer of 2016 by a foreign intelligence
agency that had obtained some puzzling
information about contacts between the
Kremlin and the Trump campaign we didn't
know that at the time that Paul wood
reported it in Johnny January 2017
outgoing CIA director John Brennan would
later confirm it he would later tell
Congress that that was in fact the case
but Paul wood had it first Paul would
also report it at the time that the CIA
and the FBI had formed a joint working
group that among other things had been
looking during the campaign at the
connections between the Trump campaign
in Russia and specifically they'd been
looking at the question of whether
Russian money had made its way into the
u.s. presidential election well we
didn't know anything about that at the
time that Paul would first reported it
Jen you were a year ago January but
ultimately that was borne out it's one
of the things I ended up asking James
clapper about last night because because
that's in his new book too he writes
about that joint intelligence and law
enforcement working group that met
together in
in the united states during the
presidential campaign just as Paul would
reported last January James clapper says
in his book about that quote we all
agreed that Russia was behind an
unprecedented aggressive multifaceted
influence campaign using cyber theft and
cyber espionage propaganda across the
broadcast spectrum and all of the
largest social media platforms and an
influx of Russian money perhaps even
laundered and funneled into campaigns so
Paul would have that in January 2017
now people involved in that law
enforcement and counterintelligence
effort say yeah that is actually what
they were looking at at the time so BBC
reporter Paul Wood was first to report a
lot of that stuff that kind of seemed
like crazy outlier reporting when he
first published it cuz nobody else had
the story yet but all that stuff was
later proved to be true
Paul wood would go on several months
later to report new information that was
also later borne out by other reporting
about Christopher Steele and stills
contact with the FBI and his his years
of providing credible and useful
information on Russia to various
agencies within the US government
so Paul wood is this interesting
reporter who is who has often been out
ahead on on on this story on the
reporting around this particular scandal
well now today as we are grappling with
these rule of law questions in our
government and these unprecedented
encroachments on the FBI and the Justice
Department during an ongoing
investigation by a person who is the
subject of that investigation the
President of the United States now in
the midst of this this unprecedented
pressure we are seeing on law
enforcement and counterintelligence now
this same reporter Paul wood has a new
report about something that seems to
have maybe gone wrong in the Moller
investigation or at least an effort to
try to slow things down or stop the flow
of evidence to the Moller investigation
it had previously been reported by the
New York Times earlier this month that
the government of Ukraine had ordered
prosecutors and investigators in that
country to stop giving information
to to stop cooperating with the special
councils office in this country special
councils office has been investigating
links between the Trump campaign and
Russia special counsels office obviously
has been prosecuting Trump campaign
chair Paul Manafort for a whole bunch of
things related to his business
arrangements with the pro-russia
magnificant magnificently corrupt
previous government in Ukraine Ukraine's
new government obviously had some
information about Paul Manafort in those
previous business dealings in that
country and they had previously been
providing that information to the United
States well today Paul woods is
reporting at the BBC is that when
Ukraine made that decision that they
would stop providing evidence to the
Moller inquiry they would stop helping
effectively with the Paul Manafort
prosecution that decision by Ukraine's
government followed almost immediately a
visit to the White House by Ukraine's
new president a visit to the White House
that was reportedly arranged on behalf
of the Ukrainian president by Michael
Cohen president from longtime personal
attorney now NBC has not verified this
reporting but what Paul wood of the BBC
is reporting that is that Michael Cohen
was paid hundreds of thousands of
dollars by Ukraine to arrange what
amounted to a surprise in-person oval
office meeting between the president of
Ukraine and president Trump Paul wood
reports that one week after the
Ukrainian president got that oval office
meeting the meeting he so handsomely
paid Michael Cohen for he went back to
Ukraine and within a week he ordered
prosecutors in his own government to cut
off any help they were giving to Robert
Muller one source and Kiev telling Paul
wood of the BBC that after that oval
office meeting that was reportedly
secretly bought with a large payment to
Michael Cohen quote President poroshenko
had given Trump a gift making sure that
Ukraine would find no more evidence to
give the u.s. inquiry into whether the
Trump campaign colluded with Russia this
is obviously a firecracker of the story
right for obvious reasons both the
Ukrainian president and
for Michael Cohen are denying it
categorically it's interesting though
president Trump's lead lawyer on the
Russian matter didn't exactly deny it
he had instead a sort of strange
response to this story being published
today by the BBC Rudy Giuliani was asked
to respond to this BBC report and this
is how he answered today quote payments
can be proved pretty easily so would it
would be silly to deny if it happened oh
and and speaking about Michael Cohen he
said quote he never registered as a
foreign agent and as far as I know he
never acted as one Michael Cohen the
president's longtime personal attorney
is already the subject of an ongoing
federal criminal investigation
in New York prosecutors and federal
agents already have documents and
computers and electronic devices seized
from his home in his office in his hotel
room in his safety deposit box
last night we reported that a longtime
business associate of Michael Cohen has
himself flipped and pled guilty and
signed a cooperation agreement with
prosecutors in an effort to keep his own
butt out of jail pressure on Michael
Cohen in other words is enormous and
getting worse for him by the day the
question of whether or not he will flip
and cooperate with prosecutors and help
them in their investigation of whether
or not the president and his campaign
worked with the Russian government in
their attack on the US election that
pressure is increasing pressure on
Michael Cohen is increasing by the day
pressure on the independence of law
enforcement and the ability of even
existentially important
counterintelligence investigations to
proceed for the evidence leads
regardless of political pressure from
the subjects of those investigations
well the pressure there is is getting
incredible as well
day by day tomorrow's potentially gonna
be a breaking point and that story's
next
hey there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
