fing one tonight remember the time vice
president Mike Pence in the lamest of
political stunts went to an NFL game for
the sole purpose of leaving it with last
fall behind the controversy over players
kneeling during the national anthem to
protest police brutality and racial
inequality on presidents Trump's orders
pence interrupted a West Coast trip to
fly 1,800 miles back to Indianapolis for
a cult 49ers game then surprised and
offended when some players predictably
took a knee made a big show of walking
out of the game and it's after he left
the stadium pence tweeted out this fancy
graphic which was certainly not prepared
to advance saying in part I stand with
President Trump I stand with our
soldiers and I will always stand for our
flag in our National Anthem LTE and of
today the NFL feeling the Trump Heat
announced new rules all players were on
the field when the national anthem plays
must stand or face fines Mike Pence
celebrated with the spontaneous tweet
hashtag winning well maybe not so fast
Mike Pence that's thing too in 60
seconds president Trump has made NFL
players kneeling during the national
anthem a political issue a national
political issue and today League handed
him a win announcing a new policy that
all players who were on the field while
the anthem is played must stand or their
teams will be fined
this comes after audio leaks last month
of an NFL meeting on the kneeling issue
where Patriots owner Robert Kraft
referred to Trump's divisive and
horrible politicization and Eagles owner
Jeffrey Lurie called Trump's presidency
disastrous but today they gave him what
he wanted anyway and Trump was happy and
Mike Pence hashtag winning and no one
ever knelt for national anthem ever
again the end well no because only a
couple hours after the big rule change
announcement there came dissension in
the ranks not surprisingly the chairman
of the New York Jets told Newsday his
team's players are free to keep on
kneeling saying if somebody on the Jets
takes a knee that fine will be borne by
the organization by me not the players I
never want to put restrictions on the
speech of our players and the players
themselves are not backing down either
Philadelphia Eagles safety Malcolm
Jenkins tweeted this statement saying in
part while I disagree with this decision
I will not let it silence me or stop me
from fighting the national conversation
around race in America NFL players
forced over the past two years will
persist as we continue to use our voices
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
