Bob Miller is now circling the people
closest to Trump including yes the
family his son-in-law and senior
government adviser Jared Kushner sat
with Miller's team for a second time and
here is the news on that this interview
we're told lasted over six hours
Kushner's lawyer is speaking out about
it tonight which itself is important
he's telling NBC the client answered
every question focusing on the campaign
on the transition which we know was a
period of contacts with Russia and
sanctions questions we also know that
there were questions about the
activities post inauguration including
something at the beating heart of the
obstruction query how and why was James
Comey fire Kushner a key figure he's a
lawyer in his own right he's someone
that was with Trump of course from the
start and he's been involved in many
defining moments you can't forget
obviously the secret trump tower meeting
with Russians which is under
investigation Kushner attended along
with other family members like Trump jr.
and Paul Manafort who has been famously
noted should have known better Kushner
also worked on that alleged secret back
channel of the Kremlin a question that
Muller wants to ask Trump about directly
that we know from the New York Times
leaks earlier about the continued
wrangling over that potential interview
and then last summer consider that after
speaking to congressional investigators
Kushner did something that you almost
never see him do this remains one of his
iconic and only statements about all
this he came out and addressed those
cameras in front of the White House let
me be very clear I did not collude with
Russia nor do I know of anyone else in
the campaign who did so
I had no improper contacts I have not
relied on Russian funds for my
businesses and I have been fully
transparent in providing all requested
information he took no questions in that
setting you can imagine that Bob
Mulder's investigators may have asked
what did he mean by the word relied and
was he ruling out taking any Russian
money at all given the question swirling
around yes Trump lawyer Michael Cohen
today the BBC reporting sources in Kiev
say Michael Cohen was paid $400,000 by
Ukraine to try to get access to Trump
now let's be clear those are new and
separate legal problems for Cohen if you
followed this story at all you have
heard us talk about the foreign
lobbyists there are rules already in
place that they have to register with
the feds if you don't you are violating
the foreign agents Registration Act and
that alone can get you charged and
convicted now Trump met with ukrainian
President last June that was after Cohen
received the secret payment and shortly
after that meeting Ukraine announced
they were dropping a alleged
investigation that was going to go on
into Trump's former campaign chair they
now indicted Paul manna for he was in
court today you can see we're following
a lot of threads making requests that
lawyers do make to try to keep some
evidence from that early morning raid of
his home out of the ongoing proceedings
that Robert Miller has against him so a
lot going on Mulder making moves against
Trump's inner circle and now we're
seeing some new developments out of
Trump land Rudy Giuliani get this says
that maybe getting foreign help which is
ipso facto illegal wouldn't be illegal
if it were kind of a friendly gift look
at this in The Huffington Post Rudy says
it isn't illegal it's sort of like a
gift and you're not involved in the
illegal 'ti of getting it nothing
illegal about that and even if it comes
from a Russian or a German or an
American it doesn't matter
and they never used it as the main thing
never use if they rejected it if it was
collusion with the Russians they would
have used it we have quite the panel to
dig in former DNC chair Donna Brazile
who has also been in the mix of some of
the results of the hacking a former
federal prosecutor John Flannery he was
a special counsel in three separate
congressional probes hence the bowtie
that's a sign of gravitas Tim O'Brien
the author of Trump nation executive
editor of Bloomberg view and he has the
distinction of having been sued by
Donald Trump over his reporting on
Donald Trump's net worth and a friend of
mine who's been on the show before
Steven Brill is a celebrated attorney he
is the founder of court TV and the legal
journal the American lawyer and he has a
new book out tailspin because Steven
Brill
never stops working we will get to you
in a second I begin with John Flannery
on Giuliani's defense why does it sound
so stupid is it as stupid as it sounds
well you know the howdy Rudy show has
been running now for several weeks and
he doesn't seem to get any smarter about
what he used to know as a prosecutor I
knew him as a puppy prosecutor in the
Southern District and I thought it was
one of the leading legal minds and I
suppose so many years in politics is
sort of I don't know deteriorated his
insight or he's doing what some lawyers
do which is he's making political
arguments he's trying this in the media
Muller is not doing that and when Muller
drops his bomb none of this stuff is
going to matter so on a scale of 10
being a slam dunk legal argument and
zero being worthless your assessment of
this new gift defense is - imaginary
numbers Steven absolutely I mean he's
basically admitting that that they took
something of value from a foreign entity
that's what the law says you can't do
right and that itself tells you what
that it's a violation of the law I mean
a gift means that you know the only
thing that means is that the Trump
campaign didn't pay them for the stuff
well no one ever assumed the Trump
campaign did pay them for the stuff yeah
I mean Tim O'Brien a thing of value is
what is barred under the federal
election law precisely because
we have regulated campaigns which means
you can't get endless amounts of money
even if they're gifts in fact especially
if they're gifts in-kind contributions
are an area where a lot of politicians
get tripped up it's also worth
remembering in the same interview today
Rudy said that you had to doubt whether
there was Russian interference in the
campaign to begin with and that he
doubted the information because it came
from Brennan and clapper and today
Trump's own Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo conceded that it was a reality
that the Russians colluded or the
Russians attempted to interfere in the
interview 16 election a member of trumps
own administration is now confirming
this so Rudy has to try to make this
stuff be viable against a landscape in
which it was known not only law
enforcement officials but to the Trump
campaign that people were concerned
about Russian interference so they get
these emails right at that moment right
and and and Donna Brazile I always
mentioned and disclosed that you both
bring expertise to this from being
involved in it but you also bring that
that personal background not neutral on
this issue but you remember how
devastating the timing and the political
release of the emails were let me read
more from Rudy on this today he says
with regard to this you say stolen
I say emails that were put out in the
public domain you'd also have to believe
US intelligence was correct they've been
right about a lot of things they've been
wrong about a lot of things I certainly
wouldn't trust clapper or Brennan as far
as I could throw them your response
Donna Brazile well let me just say
respectfully that the former mayor he
has it all wrong it wasn't a gift and in
the sense that someone provided the
Trump campaign wanted this information
they wanted to use it in such a way that
would show division within our the
Democratic Party but also distract from
the daily what I call insane campaign
that he was running we all know that
these not only the release of the emails
the stolen hacked emails had an impact
on our party but the way in which the
Trump campaign used those emails in the
fall campaign almost as if it was
talking points so I would hope that we
continued that
mr. mullah continue this investigation
follow the evidence this is not about
the calendar this is about following the
evidence so that we can prevent this
from happening again and learn more
about what happened in 2016
John I wonder what you make of a be law
another lawyer that I'm sure you're
familiar with who's represented some say
again I said he's a friend of mine there
you go
and he's been on this show and he's
respected for his legal acumen he had a
victory in the Menendez case and he's
here defending Kushner and he seems to
be out on offense today as I mentioned
speaking publicly and and really making
the case that they have a story to tell
that these six hours they spent with Bob
Miller were essentially a good thing and
that he got a security clearance and
that's in Contra in contrast to what
Rudy was saying about people like Jared
Kushner about you know in law yeah well
yeah I could listen to the in law item
Jared is a fine man you know that but
men are you know responsible John well
I'll tell you you know Rudy throws
everybody under the bus
he throws pushing her under the bus he
could eat certainly through Cowan under
the bus with his bizarre confessions
with sean hannity but you know Abby
Lowell is pushing hard and you have to
wonder sometimes if a client hasn't
insisted on speaking I have never
considered it a good thing to have a
client and a criminal investigation who
hasn't been assured that he or she is a
witness or has immunity to talk and to
talk for six or seven hours or whatever
it was what and what appears to be the
closing days when they're tying knots
into there was showing that John and
then I'll go to Stephen sure they're
making two points one it might be a bad
thing especially as you get to the end
you get to the ninth-inning you don't
want to be the last guy or gal in there
on the flip side though you you can't
say that it's bad to cooperate what else
was he gonna do no no no in my
neighborhood where I come from the South
Bronx that the cop on the beat was your
uncle you wouldn't have talked to him
and it's almost never
in any criminal investigation but when
you have public figures in politicians
they always insist that they want to
talk which is almost always the worst
thing they can possibly do in an
investigation so if you're not assured
that your client is merely a witness and
you don't have immunity for your client
it is almost always a mistake to put
them in there and these guys have been
investigating why do you think the first
interview is 3 hours and this one 6 or 7
do you think they were doing that to
clear him I don't think so John maybe
they were just talking more slowly yeah
it's true prosecutors from New York can
speak slowly I can tell you here on the
set in New York 0 laughter on the set is
the legal point Stephen about what is
the status of Jared Kushner and a lot of
words get thrown around there I have a
brand new statement it was just handed
to me because a lots happening tonight
that Abby Lowell has basically put out
where he says the kinds of questions
they asked referring to Mulder's team
the statements they made reflect that
quote they understand Kushner's a
witness to these events but I don't use
those terms and quote
Abby Lowell trying to thread a needle to
suggest his clients a witness while not
able to factually claim that Buller said
that go ahead sir I read that to say
that he asked them you know can you
assure me that he's not a subject or a
target and they said no he can't
yeah that's the only way to read that
you know if he had been told he's just a
witness he would have said I was told
he's just a witness that's a great point
Donna Brazile what is your view of Jared
Kushner as a kind of a new beat of
politics who's in the thick of
everything right now I wouldn't call him
a new beat of politics but I can tell
you this the fact that he received his
permanent security clearance today after
revising it multiple times the first
time of course she omitted the fact that
he had contact with foreign quote
individuals so look I think that Jared
is more than just a witness to some of
the things that happen in 2016 we'll
learn more once the investigation is
over with but remember he took credit
for the social media campaign the
digital campaign and now that we know
the world at Cambridge analytical played
along with Facebook we need to know more
about what Jared did
do and not just witness but what he
actually did during the course of the
campaign you know by the way we don't
know that he wasn't offered and given
immunity and accepted it who said that
oh well they don't they haven't
disclosed any the great thing about you
know the entire Muller operation is they
don't say anything they don't leak
anything so for all we know he was given
immunity and the other thing looming all
over this still is 666 Fifth Avenue
which remains this sort of financial
boondoggle for the Kushner family and we
know that Jared was out lobbying foreign
investors during the transition and and
shortly before the inauguration to help
him get funds that remains an unresolved
issue about what all of that involved
right and who could have predicted that
address 666 would have any kind of bad
luck John take a listen to one witness
who knows a bit about this talking about
what Muller is most interested in it
starts with people's contact with the
president I'm in the middle of the
Moller investigation right the very
first thing when when Moeller brings you
in there one of the very first things he
wants to know is your conversations with
the with the president conversations
with the president that's a Steve ban in
there and he is also making news
claiming today that Rosenstein might be
next to be fired John your view on both
of those well he's not exactly a
reliable source either but I don't think
it takes more than a sixth grade
education to think that in this
conspiracy and I don't call it collusion
this conspiracy that the quid pro quo
for the president being elected is that
he's going to take care of those who
helped him get elected whether they
started in 13 or 14 or 15 with the
machinery to conduct this message on his
behalf
reassured that he was the candidate for
the Russians so you would focus on him
and how could you not focus on him when
the firt the last thing that happened
before the investigation began was that
he fired Comey for investigating him
which is an abuse of due process of my
opinion and abuse of his oath and a
crime of obstruction so I think it's
pretty obvious that what we're doing is
carefully building perhaps more than we
would
normally have to do because of such a
public official so visible and
considered by the office to be
substantial when the occupant is not
worth that kind of dignity you don't
think Donald Trump is worth the dignity
of the Oval Office absolutely not
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us
and we appreciate that
