disgraceful sham that's what Democrats
are now calling this very controversial
private meeting that's scheduled for
tomorrow with DOJ officials and only
Republicans they're hunting desperately
for any scrap of information or innuendo
that might help them sully the
investigation or to provide them a sneak
peek at any evidence the FBI may have
against the Trump campaign
no one should trust anything they say
coming out of that meeting it will be a
sham it will be a sham and in a letter
directed at the FBI's chief and rod
Rosenstein that same person there Chuck
Schumer along with Nancy Pelosi say
they're concerned about the meeting they
want to reconsider it even being held
but if they decide to go ahead with it
at the very least the Democrats should
be invited and there should be a
bipartisan meeting with the gang of
eight intelligence leaders now the
reason for the meeting is basically
growing out of a conspiracy theory that
has been peddled by Donald Trump that
because there was an investigation in
his campaign which everyone knew about
and because it involved an informant
that somehow is a bad thing for the
investigation that it's Spygate all you
have to do is look at the basics and
you'll see it looks like a very serious
event but we'll find out a lot of bad
things have happened we now call it spy
gate you're calling it spy gate I'm
joined by California Congressman Eric
swallow who is on the House Intelligence
Committee congressman we've laid out a
tower in our reporting tonight and other
nights what is bad about this but even
if that's clear don't the Democrats have
a problem and arguing that this meeting
is a bad sham but they should also be
able to go to it
good evening ari we don't want the
meeting to occur at all it is a sham but
we don't want to be locked out and allow
the Republicans to continue to reach
into the evidence locker and then give
that evidence back at the Donald Trump
but while you're waiting Italy let me
let me press you a little bit yeah why
subsidy would it be productive for
Democrats like you to attend a meeting
that you say itself is counterproductive
to defend democracy you know right now
it's under attack
and our job in Congress as
representatives of this great democracy
is to make sure that we have a rule of
law and every day that this nonsense
continues the rule of law is under
attack and so we should at least be able
to witness you know this conspiracy
working between Donald Trump and you
know his efforts to undermine the work
of the Department of Justice so if you
were there tomorrow what would you say
or do within this discussion of as we've
reported what based on the evidence so
far is just a conspiracy theory it's
what we do every day are its protect the
truth to make sure that we understand
the facts of this case from everything
I've seen the Department of Justice has
done nothing improper in the way that it
has investigated the number of alarming
contacts that Donald Trump and his team
had with the Russians let me read on
that point something that the former FBI
director James Comey who was fired by
the president's own admission around the
Russia probe says look facts matter the
FBI's use of confidential human sources
the actual term is tightly regulated
essentially protecting the country a tax
on the FBI and lying about its work will
do lasting damage to our country
how will Republicans explain this to
their grandchildren James Comey with the
Comey s closing if there ever was one
I'm not sure that this particular
incident is one that will go down in the
history books for their grandchildren I
think the larger question is whether the
Justice Department will find a way to
stop Donald Trump from continuing this
conspiracy hunting or will buckle do you
view rod Rosen Stein's moves over this
past week as more in the direction of
buckling I do I wish he wouldn't do it
all right because what James Comey is
saying is right which is that facts
matter and Donald Trump is trying to
torch all of the facts in this case and
speaker Ryan to allow this to continue
is an accomplice himself you know
democracy already is not a building it's
not the dome behind me it's an idea it's
an idea that you can work hard and
become anything it's an idea that you
can have a rule of law and it is under
assault right now from two fronts the
Russians who have attacked us and
continued to attack us and Donald Trump
and his fixers and Congress and we're at
a crossroads right now are we gonna
stand up and say we don't do this here
whether you're a Democrat or a
Republican
are we going to just let it be chipped
away at until nothing is left and we now
look like the country that attacked us
back in 2016
do you know what Paul Ryan seems to have
such a hard time dealing with this when
he's not running for reelection what's
holding him back I don't know it's the
most disappointing part of all of this I
never counted on Mitch McConnell whose
wife also works in an administration to
stand up but I always had counted on
Paul Ryan I've always believed he's an
honest decent person and to allow Devin
Nunez to behave the way he does to look
the other way every time Donald Trump
invades on constitutional norms is a
complete abdication of the duties of the
Speaker of the whole house not just the
Speaker of the Republican Party and it's
time if he wants our country to be the
country that he stood up to serve for he
has to stand up to this president and
stand up for the rule of law a strong
words and a strong take on an issue that
obviously is dividing Washington and and
really does look like the DOJ doing
something it doesn't usually do and only
because of Donald Trump's bullying
congressman small well thank you for
your perspective yeah my pleasure
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
