women also solve victories and primaries
for US House races in the Democratic
side in Kentucky Amy McGrath a former
Marine fighter pilot when an upset over
the mayor of Lexington over in Texas
Gina Ortiz Ortiz Jones an Iraq war
veteran won her runoff so did attorney
Lizzie Fletcher and last night eight
women went primaries for US House seats
from Pennsylvania seven Democrats and
one Republican in fact NBC News reports
the total number of female House
nominees is already up to 72 with 62 of
those being in the Democratic side
that's an a huge jump from previous
years as of last night's primaries more
than 40% that's two out of five a
Democratic nominee so far for the house
are women compared to less than 10% for
Republicans let's bring in the hardball
roundtables - here at kippur national
political reporter for Bloomberg
politics any lynskey next - political
reporter for the Boston Globe and Eugene
Scott's political reporter with the
Washington Post I got to start with
Annie on this do some cheerleading go
ahead it is a really powerful it looks
like it's a continuation of that first
day after Trump won the election with
women in the streets yeah it certainly
does I mean you know there have been so
many female candidates that I've talked
to who said that they were inspired to
run you know either on the day after the
election when Trump won or you know on
that and January 20th on an inauguration
day and the following day and the
women's March and so you know you hear
that as a reporter and you think oh gosh
I wonder if they're really going to
follow through and do it and what were
suppose our last night and what we're
seeing this season is that people really
are but I will say when you dig into the
numbers there is one thing that's
particularly interesting to me and that
is you're seeing more and more women
doing well in advancing an executive
level roles women running for governor
and various teams and the barbara Lee
Foundation which is based in Boston has
done a lot of research on this topic and
they found that women tend to be able to
be elected to legislatures but they have
a much much harder time in executive
roles but you know this year might be
the year that that begins to change a
little bit well let's say say hey what
do you know about that in terms of I do
buy the idea but I always tell people
who's going to win
well look at who's running because it's
somebody who's running and the fact that
we've been running more means they got a
better chance of winning Chris there's a
correlation between the type of person
who thinks government doesn't listen to
them and the type of person who doesn't
show up to vote young women progressive
women are a big part of that category
and the reason I think we're seeing a
flood of women candidates is that a
bunch of women in the country have
decided they're going to break that
cycle by running themselves trying to
inspire young voters to show up and
dramatically change the complexion of
American politics that's exactly what we
heard from Stacey Abrams there I think
many other candidates in Texas 18 out of
house Democrat of the House Democratic
candidates of the 36 overall are women
this is going to be a huge test of
whether they can actually succeed here
they're doing well in primaries because
there's a lot of them but whether they
do well in the general election will
determine whether there's a blue wave or
on the other hand whether Republicans
hold the house in the Senate and feel
validated in everything they've done
that's gonna come down to young women at
black latina Asian women the types of
don't you know who tend not to turnout
they have to show up this time to make a
difference Stacey Abrams what do you
make of her chances Eugene well I mean
it is Georgia this is a state that has
not had a Democratic governor since I
believe in 1998 but we have seen her get
support from pockets of the state that
people didn't think she could a lot of
white voters voted for some of the she
she did really well in like the
Appalachian area closer to Tennessee and
people are really drawn to her message
yes she will be the first black woman to
be governor if she wins but the policy
idea she's putting out there in terms of
economic revitalization to the state of
trying to improve their public school
system are things that people even
outside of what was once called like the
Obama coalition are really drawn to
we'll see that sounds great look
tonight's main story everybody on this
one Trump's attacks on the FBI and the
Justice Department have fueled outrage
Senator Mark Warner for example the
ranking member of the Senate
Intelligence Committee accused the
president that's trump of smearing
federal law enforcement to undermine an
ongoing criminal investigation into his
campaign saying this is a threat to the
rule of law that's Mark Warner of a
Virginia
u.s. congressman Joaquin Castro called
it a serious abuse of power by the
president and former FBI director James
Comey wrote the attacks on the FBI and
lying about it
will do lasting damage to our country
how will Republicans explain this to
their grandchildren you first Andy than
the others you know I think first of all
what to really look for is Republican
response I mean Democrats are outraged
outraged outright raged by what Trump
says but he so far has not actually
touched the investigation and when I
talked to my Republican sources that's
where they start to get really nervous
and that's where you see a little bit of
movement in sort of legislation to
protect the special the special counsel
so you know I think Trump just seems to
up the rhetoric because there's been no
consequence for doing so but when he
when he starts to move towards making
some kind of change in that
investigation I think that's where he
starts getting calls from top
Republicans
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
