more news tonight on the Russia front
the BBC is reporting that according to
sources in Kiev Trump fixer Michael
Cohen received $400,000 for setting up a
meeting with President Trump and
ukrainian President Petro poroshenko NBC
News has not yet been fired that report
faced with his relentless flow of
evidence however on Trump's web of
Eastern Promises the president self is
setting up what appears to be a fifth
amendment strategy he will not answer
Robert mowers questions on the grounds
that his answers would tend to
incriminate him he will claim that as
justification for taking the fifth which
Trump himself has associated with
gangsters but also on the political
ground now that the mower investigation
is out to get him indeed President Trump
is going to new extremes in this
attempts to put the FBI on trial by
alleging now that he the subject of a
federal investigation is somehow the
victim of FBI spying that's his word the
president's effectively staging a crisis
to convince the country that mowers not
being fair to him and therefore he
Donald Trump has a right not to answer
his questions it's an excuse the
president setting up to justify a number
of escape routes pleading the fifth with
special counsel more ore and a most
extreme move shutting the probe down all
together this morning Trump launched his
most egregious assault on our law
enforcement institutions to date saying
look how things have turned around on
the criminal deep state they go after
phony collusion with Russia a made-up
scam and end up getting caught in a
major spy scandal the likes of which
this country may never have seen before
what goes around comes around
believe it or not that's the President
of the United States talking nothing
could be further from the truth however
certainly when it comes to the FBI's use
of an informant in their investigation
of the Trump campaign it is Washington
Post calm today David Ignatius a widely
recognized expert in this area asked the
question that's been lost amidst Trump's
obfuscation isn't that what the FBI and
its sources are supposed to do Ignatius
adds Trump is running a circus of
distraction but at the center of the
ring remains Muller silent and
unblinking never
unless the president's managed to
pressure the Department of Justice and
the FBI to sit down with his Republican
acolytes tomorrow Trump leading this
circus parade is already out there
declaring that bad things happened let's
watch when they look at the documents I
think people are gonna see a lot of bad
things happen I hope it's not so because
if it is has never been anything like it
in the history of our country this was a
terrible situation what we're doing is
we're cleaning everything up it's so
important what I'm doing is a service to
this country everybody wants to solve
but a lot of bad things have happened we
now call it spy gate you're calling it
spy gate a lot of bad things have
happened I want them all to get together
they'll sit in a room hopefully they'll
be able to work it out among themselves
well joining me now are three MSNBC
contributors joyce Vance is a former
federal prosecutor Michael Schmidt is a
reporter for the New York Times and
David Ignatius is a commis with the
Washington Post you know when I watched
that today I have to tell you all I
reminded myself of Joseph Welch and the
McCarthy army McCarthy hearings back in
54 I never knew how far Trump would go
and today I realized he will go all the
way Michael he went all the way today he
came up with this conspiracy theory
about spying and spy gate and how this
was all something new and awful by the
federal government to capture him all to
avoid detection in whatever he did with
the Russians your thoughts
your reporting I mean the interesting
thing here is that he continues to push
this notion but he still seems afraid to
actually do anything more severe like go
after Rosenstein or replace sessions and
that I think is where Congress is really
keeping their eye on him what would he
do at that level I think that to some
extent Republicans look at this and they
say look he's making some noise it's an
inspector general investigation and they
can live with that but the real question
will be when Rosenstein doesn't do what
he wants him to and in this case it
looks like Rose ensign has sort of done
that but the president looks like he'll
continue to beat this drum and he
continues to launch on to a narrative
about this informant that at least our
reporting doesn't back up
this informative was not someone that
was inside the campaign it was someone
that had talked to two of these campaign
officials who had contacts with Russians
to find out whether they were you know
these these conversations had happened
to corroborate them and if someone was
just pointing out to me it would have
been more aggressive for the FBI to go
and knock on the doors of some of these
folks with badges and sit them down for
interviews and so it's something that
could come out publicly and could really
have damaged the campaign at the time
but the FBI took the more sort of quiet
more secretive route and ran this this
conformant up against these folks Joyce
tell me about this because uh when
criminals are rather suspected criminals
defendants go into a criminal trial
they'll come up with just about anything
they've got to get the jury to think of
some other possibility so they can get
reasonable doubt I understand that this
is the president of United States and
his way of creating reasonable doubt
among his people the trail Trump is out
there is to come up with this conspiracy
theory that the United States government
was out to get him engaged in something
that was horrible something to do was
spying on him and he's just completely
making this up your thoughts you know
something that prosecutors tell juries
to do and that may be the American
people need to do here is to hang on to
their common sense prosecutors always
tell juries go back and consider the
evidence and think about everything that
you've heard but you don't have to check
your common sense at the door you can
take it with you here we've got a
situation where the president is saying
that the FBI was out to harm him that
there was a conspiracy against him and
yet the FBI did nothing to damage him
they didn't go public with the story of
the investigation there was no leakage
on Russian contacts before the election
if anything Trump makes a really weak
case here that defies common sense you
know David I saw a picture like most of
us today in the paper a photo a news
photo of Damascus parts of Damascus have
been completely destroyed in the fight
against Isis and I was thinking that as
sort of a picture of what's going on
with our our American institutions under
trump without going too far he's
attacked of Free Press he's attack
civility in political debate and now
he's attacking the institutions of the
federal government the executive the eff
the Justice Department I wonder how much
damage he's willing to do to protect
himself that's a horrifying image to
imagine that the institutions of our
government are like the ruins of
Damascus but like you I was shocked to
hear the president say that he was
facing a criminal deep state by which he
meant the intelligence community of the
United States it's it's it's astonishing
I wrote this morning that he has been
engaged in a circus of distraction that
circus goes back to the campaign it goes
back to October when the allegations
were first made by the intelligence
community about Russian meddling in
January of 2017 when the Intelligence
Committee made deeper arguments month
after month there's been a new series of
claims but Trump Tower was bugged by
President Obama then it was the fake
dossier compiled by Christopher Steele
again and again there's this effort to
distract from the basic issues of this
investigation
Michael on front-page reporting which
you're an expert at why we are in a
situation where Trump has beautifully
used the basic sort of tradecraft of
reporting you have to write down and put
in the paper what the president says
every day however look what he said
today there's Rudy Giuliani his attacks
now Giuliani is out there saying
apparently for the president now the
friends would like to talk to more he
keeps changing an emperor a couple days
to keep the press listening to him
promising by the way decision within two
weeks to and he told The Washington Post
I guess I'd rather do the interview it
gets it over with it makes my client
happy however you out of the caveat
truth is relative they may have a
different version of the truth than we
do separately Giuliani told BuzzFeed
tonight that he hasn't spoken directly
with Trump in a couple of weeks so this
game this cat-and-mouse game he plays on
one hand of his of his hands and his
other hands out there trashing people
like Comey
it just seems like he's playing the
straight front page press like a banjo
because people keep reporting I know you
have to do it but I just did it myself
this nonsense of Giuliani acting like
he's been talking
Trumpy apparently hasn't been just keep
bouncing and bouncing the ball keeping
it noisy and all the time trashing the
prosecution yeah I'm not sure exactly
what the strategy is what we do see is
this constant drumbeat against Comey
Giuliani thinks this will come down to
Trump v Comey and it'll be up to the
public's opinion about who to believe
and they think that's a winning argument
for them they think that Comey
diminished his credibility during his
book tour they think that this inspector
general's report that will come out will
help them and they think that this is
this is a place that the president it
will be okay in I think that Giuliani
has landed some punches in the past few
weeks but I'm not sure what it really
means
in the end it's been a lot of noise it's
been a lot of aggressiveness this is
exactly what the president wanted he
wanted a television lawyer to go out
there and make his case John Dowd and Ty
Cobb did not do that Giuliani is doing
that in a much more aggressive way and I
think winning a few a few points here
but I'm not sure that that matters in
the end well The Associated Press is now
reporting on how the president is
spinning legitimate news reports to make
questionable allegations quote Trump
made one out I told one hour this week
that he wanted to brand the informant in
this case a spy believing the more
nefarious term spy would resonate more
with the media and the public let me go
back to the judge to Joyce on this I
mean you create a conspiracy vast
conspiracy use words like spy and spy
gate trying to distract the jury which
is basically 40% of the country have
them started to learn the music learn
the lyrics start to say spy gate in fact
today was like Jimmy two times and
Goodfellas he was teaching his people on
the on the air today on camera outside
the White House how to say the word spy
gate he's teaching everybody that so
that in the bars this weekend they'll
all be saying it it's horrible and he's
doing everything he can to destroy this
country and its government so the hill
gets off scot-free you're thinking it's
really despicable conduct from the
President of the United States this idea
that he's in sir
characterizations of conduct by law
enforcement that he knows aren't true in
an effort to prejudice the people of the
United States against the FBI against
the intelligence services who protect us
is really I just think I'm in many ways
something we were not prepared for it as
a country and because we were unprepared
for a president who would sort of stoop
to these depths we don't always hear a
cohesive response from law enforcement
prosecutors though don't respond in
public and we've seen that from Muller
prosecutors bide their time many in many
cases defendants will go to the press
and try to create a negative narrative
prosecutors respond when they're in the
courtroom and we know Muller's team will
have their first opportunity to do that
this July when manna fort goes to trial
we may or may not hear the full story
here but at some point I'm confident
that there will be a report to Congress
and the entire collection of evidence
that Muller has put together will be
available for the public to see during
the Freedom Riders movement back in 1961
David I know you know this history Don
John thing at singeth or of the Justice
Department told someone during one of
these riots down there in Alabama racial
riots he said I'm from the federal
government which got him hit over the
head with a lead pipe and left down the
street by the cops for a half-hour to
die and I just wondering is that the
atmosphere the Trump is cooking up now
this hatred of the FBI especially on the
sticks where they like him and he's
creating a hatred level which is going
to be really frightening in its reality
as it takes form over the next several
months and years well there is in the
country and there always has been a
suspicion of of the federal government
big government of authority don't tread
on me is a kind of national idea of
Liberty I do worry that by targeting so
directly the FBI and intelligence
agencies by turning their legitimate
counterintelligence efforts let's
remember this began as a
counterintelligence investigation into
something that's as suspicious that
Spygate that's a scandal he really is
as you've been saying is it we've all
been saying trying to mobilize the
country against the institutions that in
the end keep us safe and it's a very
very reckless strategy dangerous
strategy hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
