with 13 days to go until the midterms
president Trump basically asked
Americans to forget the last eight years
of the health care debate today the
president tweeted Republicans will
totally protect people with pre-existing
conditions Democrats will not vote
Republican that was the central tenet of
Obamacare the Affordable Care Act that
was central to Trump and fellow
Republicans campaigns that they were
going to dismantle it Republicans in
Congress voted 70 times to repeal the
protections for people with pre-existing
conditions that were created in
Obamacare the law that was passed by
Democrats when that failed they tried to
pass their own health care law that
would have gutted those protections then
Donald Trump's own administration argued
in court that Obama cares pre-existing
condition protections were
unconstitutional and just this week it
announced a policy making it easier for
states to allow plans with fewer of
those protections for people with
pre-existing conditions I hope people
remember what it was like before
Obamacare if you weren't working at a
company like this one that provides
remarkable health care if you didn't
have Cobra which maybe you couldn't even
afford and you had a pre-existing
condition there was no health insurance
for you or no health insurance you could
afford the president's claim is totally
at odds with what Republicans have
actually done more than 70 times but
this is more than your typical Trump
falsehood because it's not just Donald
Trump making this argument everyone
agrees we're gonna protect pre-existing
conditions Wisconsin pre-existing
conditions are covering as long as I'm
governor they always will be
I'm Josh Hawley I support forcing
insurance companies to cover all
pre-existing conditions I support
forcing insurance companies to cover
pre-existing conditions here's the truth
Kevin Cramer voted for guaranteed
coverage for pre-existing conditions I
want the voters to know I'm committed to
protecting people the pre-existing
conditions I'm fighting for it I fought
for it and I voted for it
I'm Ali Velshi and I have a full thick
head of hair every one of those
Republican candidates has tried to
weaken protections for people with
pre-existing conditions but now every
one of them is running in a close
election and it seems they know that
voters like Obamacare look at that the
health care law was the most popular
item in the latest Fox News poll it's
more than the Republican Party's more
popular than the Republican Party 53 to
44 it's more popular than the Republican
tax cut bill 53 to 44 voters also chose
health care as their most important
issue in a new poll from the Kaiser
Family Foundation that poll shows that
by more than 2 to 1
voters trust Democrats to protect
pre-existing conditions more than they
trust Republicans I don't even know how
26% of Americans trust Republicans to
protect pre-existing conditions given
that they've very clearly said and voted
70 times to take them away so tonight
Wisconsin the president who campaigned
on terminating all parts of Obamacare is
making this argument Republicans will
always protect as Lea said Americans
with pre-existing conditions 100% 100%
the former Chief of Medicare and
Medicaid Andy Slavitt and economist
Jared Bernstein react to that next
mr. president I want to thank you said
it again today earlier today and I want
to reinforce it to everyone here in this
state across the country we will always
cover people like my wife with
pre-existing medical conditions don't
believe the lives don't believe the lies
that was governor Scott Walker at a
rally with President Trump in Wisconsin
earlier this evening
Walker's lying Walker is the lead
plaintiff on a lawsuit that would
effectively end pre-existing condition
protections under the Affordable air
Care Act but don't listen to me on this
stuff
joining me now Jared Bernstein senior
fellow at the Center on Budget and
Policy Priorities was former chief
economist of Vice President Joe Biden
and Andy slab at the former Acting
Administrator of the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services from 2015
to 2017 guys thanks very much for
joining me tonight Andy let's start with
you I was sarcastically saying that I
have a full head of hair
to illustrate the degree to which this
is absurd that Republicans like Scott
Walker and all those others we showed
have suddenly I don't know if they found
religion or they or they're telling us
that we were all wrong in assuming that
they were working toward ending
pre-existing condition coverage yeah I
think Republicans care about ending
pre-existing conditions about as much as
Democrats care about cutting taxes for
the wealthy right and really they are
two ends of the same coin you know we've
spent the last how many eight nine years
with Democrats fighting to try to make
sure that Americans are protected and
get better health care republicans have
spent their time both as you said voting
but not only voting suing and regulating
to trying to find every way they can to
cut those things why because that's how
that goes towards paying for their tax
cuts the difference is I think as we do
as we've talked about this now we're in
an even year in and out here it's all
well and good to promote your policies
but now we're in an even year and the
public is as the numbers you've shown
have said public it's pretty clear that
they don't want to lose those
protections Jarrid try to make sense of
this for me because the argument about
against Obamacare on which Donald Trump
and Republicans campaign Republicans by
the way in Congress in two elections not
just one I've campaigned about this was
based on principle it was based on idea
and to some degree it was based on on
money and budgeting because some people
are not convinced that that universal
health coverage is actually more
effective and cheaper than the way we do
it here in the United States
what's with the switch what why would it
why why would anybody believe this and
what do you think behind it well first
of all let me just agree with Scott
Walker don't believe the lies the
problem is they're the ones who are of
course telling them and in fact the
logic of health care and particularly
the protection of pre-existing
conditions against insurers who would
not cover them and didn't cover them
before the ACA is shown in the kinds of
numbers that you've been touting tonight
this is a very popular program so the
Republicans have to flip and pretend all
the sudden that they're for it when of
course if you just watch their actions
over these past three or four years
they've been just on a tear to try to
get rid of it and I don't think it's
working
with voters and I think the core to get
to your question is that the logic of
health care is such that as long as
insurers can take away your health care
when you need it the most there is an
obvious role for public policy to come
into that mix and prevent that from
happening
that's what Obamacare did we can have
arguments about how effective it was
you're looking at but when it comes to
the pre-existing condition it's widely
agreed that that was particularly
effective in having its intended impact
but I actually respected the arguments I
we have all three men involved in them
but when the debate to end Obamacare was
going on Andy I had many of those
argument Stephanie and I had lots of
people on lots of Republicans on lots of
health care experts and we did argue
about then I respected people who didn't
agree with my perspective I'm Canadian
and I have a particular affinity for a
single-payer system I know a lot of
people don't I I I'm not respecting
people who suddenly change because
they're able to read polls take a look
at support for Medicare among
Republicans 52% of Republicans support
Medicare 48% opposed
is kind of a funny poll because lots of
people depend on Medicare so whether you
support it or oppose it is a different
question than whether or not you're
going to rely on it at some point in
your life but even amongst Republicans
the support is there it is the most
important issue for most Americans right
think about health care as the ultimate
kitchen table issue it's actually a
bigger issue far bigger issue relative
to people's own personal economy than
anything else because if you can't
afford to take care of your family your
kid your spouse yourself if someone gets
sick in your household then that is an
existential crisis and so when you see
one party who effectively says all of
these protections which are the things
that keep us in the middle class correct
and keep us from slipping through right
and God forbid something bad happens and
I'll give you one example there was a
study that came out this this week which
said that 42% of Americans who get
cancer deplete their life savings within
two years and that's with insurance so
Americans don't need another thumb on
the scale and so right now I think when
Republicans are trying to run on
something that's good for people and
good for their pocketbook they're
finding that the pocket issue the care
people care about the most is this is
this Jared Bernstein America is the only
developed country in which bankruptcy
that the leading cause of bankruptcy is
our health issues it probably in 70
years we haven't seen the middle class
globally under the pressure they're
under now which may be leading to some
of these nativist populist nationalist
themes but this is one of those things
this the health care question in America
is remarkably expensive and whether you
like to Obamacare or not we need a
solution not the absence of a solution
you raise a great point I think that the
economic insecurity that middle-class
families face in this country has really
ramped up over the past 30 years
globalization is certainly part of that
just much more exposure to those kinds
of risks and one thing that the
Affordable Care Act tried to do is to
take that risk at least somewhat out of
the equation and as you suggested in
every other advanced economy that's
precisely what the government the role
that the government plays we're the one
that spend twice as much as they do with
actually worse outcomes so we were on
the right track
pushing back on Republicans and their
lies is the only way we'll stay on the
right track it is it is just remarkable
when you look at the figures on health
care to understand that we are not
working toward a better solution Jared
Bernstein and Andy Slavitt thanks for
joining us tonight thanks for checking
out our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
