joining us now member of the Foreign
Relations and Armed Services committees
Democratic Democratic senator jeanne
Shaheen of New Hampshire thanks very
much for being with us come on I want to
get to you on what our response should
be to the situation with the Washington
Post columnist Jamel khashoggi and how
America should be responding but first
your reaction to the resignation of
nikki Haley and who you'd like to see in
that position which would be related to
the next story we're going to discuss
well I was surprised like so many others
at ambassador Haley's resignation I
think she's done a good job I haven't
agreed with her on everything but
basically I agree with what your
analysis was this morning
I think we need an ambassador to replace
her who shares the views that she
represented who understands the
importance of the UN who understands the
importance of America in the world who's
going to stand up for human rights and
for the values of freedom and liberty
for all peoples of the world and who's
going to stand up to dictators and she
did a very good job at that senator let
me ask you about a couple of names that
have come up this morning one is Richard
Grinnell obviously an ambassador that's
caused some serious problems with our
allies not only in Germany but across
the world
another one is Dena Powell who has come
from sort of a more traditional wing of
not only the Republican Party but the
foreign policy establishment in general
in Washington do you have a preference
between those two well I'm not gonna
speak to specifics because I'm not going
to speculate on who's going to be
nominated but I think someone who
represents that more traditional foreign
policy as nikki Haley did is the kind of
person that I want to see nominated and
again someone who understands the
importance of standing up for human
rights of standing up to dictators
because too often this White House
system
next message about those issues NBC News
foreign correspondent Keir Simmons joins
us to the table here in New York hear
you've been covering this story closely
the details as reported in the New York
Times The Washington Post's are
incredibly gruesome there's still
allegations at this point was reporting
the story out what more can you tell us
yeah but we now we have overnight this
video that's been broadcast by Turkish
television showing Kentucky walking in
to the Saudi consulate
yeah I think one of the real questions
about it is why did he go in there
because this is a man who is very close
to senior people in Turkey and has
worked the senior people in Saudi so you
know he ought to know the risks it looks
as if he feared but he didn't know and
what does that tell us about the way
that Saudi Saudi Arabia is continuing to
change the politics are they're changing
and then of course we have this
heartbreaking article in The Washington
Post by his fiance where she says we
were in the middle of making wedding
plans life plans after the concert we're
going to buy appliances for our new home
and set a date and in that very
pertinent you see the importance of
human rights and that's what human
rights means it means people's real life
I want to ask you if you were in the
White House or in the State Department
how would you balance the crucial
interests for the u.s. of relations with
Saudi Arabia with the importance of
standing up for human rights because
it's not straightforward well this is a
reporter a world-renowned reporter who
worked for a prominent newspaper in the
United States he was a legal permanent
resident of the United States operating
in a NATO country that is an ally of the
United States it is totally unacceptable
what has happened to him and we need to
send a very strong message to the Saudis
that we are not going to tolerate this
kind of behavior they do not have a
green light to do anything they want
they've been doing that in Yemen in
terms of the conflict there they've been
doing that in terms of the relationship
with other countries in the Middle East
starting a fight with the Qatari with
Qatar and
we need to send a very strong message
that this is not acceptable crucially
would you be prepared to effectively
jettison vital relations with Saudi
Arabia not least in intelligence in
relation to terrorism for example would
you be prepared to put all of that aside
in the name of those values I think we
need to look at an escalating list of
actions that we can take in response to
what the Saudis have done assuming that
that's proved to be true and as you all
suggest all indications everything that
I've seen raises real questions about
what's happened here the there are
members of the Foreign Relations
Committee who are now looking at
potential actions that we can take in
Congress to address their behavior just
as we did in Yemen and we need to send a
message to this White House that they
need to be strong on these issues that
what has happened here is not acceptable
that we can't condone what dictators are
doing and this is a perfect example of
that and we need to send that message
loud and clear
senator noah rothman pivoting a little
bit to China recently the presidents of
Interpol disappeared only to turn up in
Chinese custody he has submitted his
resignation to that organization
presumably under duress
this behavior is unbecoming of a member
of Interpol should China be suspended
from that organization it should have
faced other sanctions related to this
behavior I think they should face
sanctions I haven't seen the background
information about what's happened with
the head of Interpol but I think any
time a country behaves like a rogue
nation and starts arresting individuals
particularly high-profile individuals
that have a job to do that's important
to the international community that the
international community needs to take a
stand and this is one of those
situations as is the situation with
Saudi Arabia senator jeanne Shaheen
thank you very much and thank you want
to mention the active role that you've
taken in the fight
America's opioid epidemic you're hosting
an art exhibit on Capitol Hill this week
showcasing paintings of individuals who
have died from an overdose we'll be
following that and thank you very much
for shedding light on that situation as
well
obviously Saudi Arabia has a very close
relationship with this White House with
Donald Trump with Jared Kushner right
especially and we are connected with
Saudi Arabia in many many ways at the
same time though obviously we just can't
turn a blind eye to this what and what
our allies in Europe thinking about this
right now what are their concerns and
what do they believe the United States
should do yeah you know it's it's kind
of the classic Kissinger question isn't
it you know how much do you put the
interests of America the diplomatic
interests of America first and how much
do you stand up for some fundamental
principles which America stands for
honestly the answer when it comes to
Europe is that Europe is facing so many
of its own challenges not least the very
factor of Turkey as a NATO member on its
border with all of the political issues
that are playing out there the world has
never needed Washington and America more
Jo and yet of course here there you guys
are having your own political challenge
yes and that just kind of sums up how
much the politics here is having an
effect around the world here thank you
very much for being on this morning good
to see you coming up it's suspected to
be the strongest hurricane to hit the
Florida Panhandle on record and it's now
just hours away from landfall Bill
Karin's joins us with the latest track
ahead on Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
