you all know about Michael Cohen he's
the guy who's been at the president's
side for over a decade serving as his
personal attorney and very prideful
unofficial fixer on Tuesday we found out
that one of Colin's key business
partners a Russian immigrant named gene
Friedman has struck a deal with New York
Attorney General's Office to act as a
potential government witness in quote
state or federal investigations that's
according to a person with direct
knowledge of the proceedings the deal
has Friedman pleading guilty to a single
count of tax fraud but avoiding several
other felony charges any long prison
sentence now we have no idea what
investigations Friedman might be a part
of but that deal would seem to
potentially include the Southern
District investigation into Cohen or Bob
Muller's investigation into the Trump
campaign that said Friedman told the New
York Daily News that the plea deal has
nothing to do with Cohen his partner is
in a man in managing a fleet of taxis
Shawn lawyer Rudy Giuliani told NBC the
president is quote not involved with the
taxes but as the New York Times reports
quote the president's lawyers are
already resigned to the strong
possibility that the inquiry into mr.
Cohen's businesses could lead him to
cooperate with federal prosecutors that
likelihood may now be greater with mr.
Friedman potentially sharing what he
knows with federal prosecutors in New
York and the special counsel honoring my
panel in Ned Price served a spokesperson
and senior director for the National
Security Council under President Obama
Danny Cevallos an MSNBC legal analyst
Matt West editor-at-large for Reason a
monthly libertarian magazine and Eddie
Glaude a professor at Princeton
University Ned let's go to you first
can we automatically say that just
because Cohen's business partner was
dirty Cohen was too or is that an unfair
assumption well in isolation Stephanie
that would be an unfair assessment but
fortunately or perhaps unfortunately for
us we know a great deal more about
Michael Cohen about his business
dealings and so I think that fuller body
of knowledge allows us to come to that
conclusion pretty pretty solidly here
leave it to Michael Cohen to be in
business with someone known as the taxi
King and leave it to Donald Trump to
have a personal attorney like Michael
Cohen who seems to have his hands
in a lot of shady business deals a lot
of shady business deals that could well
come back to haunt both Michael Cohen
and ultimately Donald Trump
so Michael Collins business partner
could say you know I'm not tied to them
and Rudy Giuliani could say this doesn't
impact the president but if they're
getting the business partner to flip
he's flipping on someone
the primary concern defense attorneys
like me have with cooperating witnesses
is that they have a tremendous incentive
to fabricate or embellish stories
because they're trying to please their
captors so while it is true that in many
cases to catch a criminal you need the
testimony of a criminal and in many
cases they are testifying truthfully the
very essence of a cooperation agreement
is the government saying to somebody
you're either going to go to prison for
a long time or if you have some
information that we find interesting
about other folks then we might be
willing to use you and you may be able
to talk your way into a lesser sentence
or no prosecution at all so even if
you're Donald Trump and you think I have
absolutely nothing at all to do with
taxis if you're Michael Cohen and you
think I have nothing to do even though
I'm in business with this guy or if you
believe this person's texts to the to
the news saying it has nothing to do
with Cohen those people should still be
concerned
simply because confidential informants
and cooperating witnesses have such a
motivation to make up a great story
about people other than themselves to
sell to the government all right Matt
this indictment happened last year so do
you believe there is a direct line into
the Muller investigation or are we
creating something that's not there
because we are like it or not in a
Russia investigation vortex yeah I mean
this is speculative obviously what I
wonder is if if the the big fish to
catch here might be Michael Cohen right
I mean we are operating under the
assumption because we're spending all of
our time thinking about the president
United States for understandable reasons
that Trump is at the head of this
pyramid Michael Cohen has a long history
of really shady looking behavior
including you know selling trying to
sell access to the White House
I mean that's okay it doesn't have to be
something that takes down the president
one of the presidents closest advisors
could be breaking the law and and and
may need to be punished for it and could
also be exposing the president to risk
in such a way that you would want to
counterintelligence operation to suss
out all this could be possible my
question I think it's an open question
here is whether taxi King gets rolls up
on Michael Cohen's New York business and
this local prosecution or whether it
rolls up it just adds to the already
huge amounts of groaning pressure on
Cohen to flip onto Trump will the
prosecutors to say at the end what we
really want here is despite all of this
smoke around Cohen do we want him just
to collapse all of that and then point
it to Trump or is Cohen himself actually
a large target of this investigation
well they are building a bit of a
cooperating witness Jamboree now you've
got Michael Cohen's business partner as
of a week ago Paul man affords former
son-in-law we know we have George
papadopolis
Michael Flynn and Rick gates right so it
could be very those both things as both
of those things could be true Matt I
mean he could be a big the big co-owner
and he could lead us to two Trump one of
the things that I can say about all of
this because I'm not a lawyer I'll defer
to you you could say how does the
president call this a good time when
you've got five cooperating witnesses
and part of what is that all of all of
it just kind of reveals how how much of
a cesspool it is right that is to say
what does it mean to extend trust to
Donald Trump when every day what is
being revealed is that he is in a
relationship with people who are suspect
with regards to their character people
we did guilt if you pleaded guilty
you've done something wrong so at the
very least when the president gets on a
podium and says I choose the best people
he can't possibly hang his hat on that
one anymore he didn't necessarily choose
Friedman at all but he did aligned
himself with Michael Cohen and what we
can say at this point is that minimum a
judge must have found at least probable
cause to determine that there were
fruits of a crime at his home and his
office because that's what authorized
the search warrant I agree with a lot of
what you're saying but like I've said
before when
comes to cooperating witnesses they've
struck a deal these may have been people
who said snitches get stitches
I ain't never cooperating but what you
find with white-collar defendants is
that when they really start thinking
about their wife and their family and
the very very tough sentencing
guidelines in the federal system that
tune changes pretty quickly and you have
to ask yourself everybody sitting around
here you love your family you love your
children what would you do to get back
to them 5 10 maybe 20 years sooner are
you that doesn't mean that you I mean
you will sing like a canary perhaps but
that doesn't mean you're gonna sing a
false song right 100 percent meets that
it may means that because the cheap
criticism by every federal defender and
every criminal defense attorney out
there is that the very incentive in
cases like this where you don't have a
bag of drugs as evidence where you don't
have guns all of the evidence in this
case is going to be anecdotal it's going
to be direct testimony from other
co-conspirators this is not a literal or
figurative smoking gun kind of case to
catch criminals like this you need to
employ other criminals who worked hand
in hand with them to come into that
courtroom and in a parade and it often
is a parade and point the finger and say
that's the guy I had to deal with it
becomes both versus both and since
defendants don't normally testify it
becomes a one-sided story that the
defense is scrambling to defend against
all right we also point out quickly that
whitewater produced 15 convictions - and
we fed different thinking it dismiss it
now because it ended up in a fizzle on
the presidential level but a lot of
people rolled on a lot of people and
there was sort of skullduggery happening
on a local level there - it's not an
apples to apples case for sure but it's
something to remember
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
