let's turn back to some politics here at
home it was 16 months ago in January of
2017 that the US Intelligence Committee
released a report concluding that Russia
favorite Donald Trump in the 2016
election and meddled on his behalf but
president Trump's homeland security
secretary Kirsten Nielsen says she is
unfamiliar with that report to that
point do you have any reason to doubt
the January 2017 intelligence community
assessment that said it was wearing a
boo who tried to meddle in this election
to help President Lee I do not believe
that I've seen that conclusion what I do
that the specific intent was to help
president Trump win I'm not aware of
that but I do generally have no reason
to doubt any intelligence assessment
except I just did with my previous
statement just last week you'll remember
the Senate Intelligence Committee
announced it supported the Intel
community's assessment that Russia
intervened to help Donald Trump in the
2016 election while speaking to
reporters yesterday Nielsen acknowledged
that Russia quote did and will continue
to try to manipulate Americans
perspective on a variety of issues show
that one was a jaw-dropper that's the
Homeland Security Secretary suggesting
she's not aware of the Intel community's
assessment not by the way not a secret
made public or the Senate intelligence
committees report also made public last
week that says Russia put its thumb on
the scale on behalf of Donald Trump well
and everybody saw it right I mean
everybody saw the announcement last week
everybody saw the four Intel chiefs at
Donald Trump actually nominated and were
approved by the Senate saw dan coates
testifying back was what was that in
January I think so then CIA director
Mike Pompeo testifying to the fact that
the Russians tried to influence the
election tried to turn it in Donald
Trump's directions that that the FBI
director suggested the same thing Mike
Barnicle they all all suggested and what
would become a front-page news story
that
Russia tried to impact the election for
Donald Trump and the Senate again in a
bipartisan manner the Senate Intel
committee all said that they were
concurring with the Intel community's
assessment they had no reason to
disagree with the Intel community's
conclusions and here you have someone
who is supposed to be in charge of
protecting our homeland and someone who
I was told actually had had been working
on stopping Russian interference in the
2018 in 2020 elections claiming in a
most peculiar way absolute ignorance of
any Russian meddling or Russian or or a
conclusion by our entire Intel community
that the Russians were trying to win the
election for Donald Trump what what do
we even do with that well if we had a
Senate that was not it's pathetic not as
pathetic as this house has proven to be
in protecting our country's borders from
Russian influence what would we do well
this is Joe this is further proof and
evidence actually of what it's like to
be part of Trump's orbit this is a woman
cabinet secretary Homeland Security who
was berated in front of the entire
cabinet a few weeks ago publicly berated
in front of all of her colleagues and
yesterday forced to parse the truth in
order not to further offend the
President of the United States by doing
her job she knows the truth Mike let me
ask you a question though let me ask you
what do you think
let's take somebody else another woman
who works in the bush cabinet oh let's
see I don't know Nikki hailey how do you
think nikki hailey would respond if in
the Trump camp cabinet how do you think
nikki hailey would respond if reporters
said a madam ambassador do you think the
Russians tried to influence
2016 election oh she would absolutely
say yes I've seen the proof I've seen
the evidence of it of course they did
and they're still doing it
that's what nikki Haley would probably
say but part of Nikki hey Nikki Haley
has a border of safety on geography
she's here in New York she's an
independent actor you know the Homeland
Security Secretary has got to put up
with this
wait she's got to put up with the
president nearly every day it's a tough
job now it's a tough job it's true the
job in this world I don't think I don't
think I if you are in charge of
protecting the country from attack from
the Russians it ain't that tough of a
job to tell the truth I'll tell you this
if you can't admit the truth to the
president United States than protecting
the United States against further
Russian attacks on our democracy then it
becomes a much tougher job let's clip
again because I know some of you I know
some of you at home only heard the first
part of the clip because you were
spitting out your cereal and and
probably having to clean it up as so you
couldn't hear the second part of the
clip so today what we're gonna do we're
gonna play the clip for you again
because it was so always just
extraordinary take a look to that point
do you have any reason to doubt the
January 2017 intelligence community
assessment that said it was where Putin
who tried to meddle this election to
help president company I do not believe
that I've seen that conclusion what I do
that the specific intent was to help
President Trump away and I'm not aware
of that but I do generally have no
reason to doubt any intelligence
assessment this David Ignatius is right
up there with Sarah Palin not knowing
that there was an East and West Germany
are believing that the Queen of England
actually ran the government and England
according to people who were briefing
her for the debates it really is it's
it's pretty it's pretty bad I will read
you just
here's their anyway David yeah go ahead
here's that here's a here's a brief
quote from the January 6 2017 report by
our top intelligence officers from all
the key agencies we further assess Putin
and the Russian government developed a
clear preference for president elect
Trump during the election that was a
banner headline it was it was more than
a year ago the idea that a cabinet
secretary would be unclear on that tells
you that the Trump administration echo
chamber in her own personal fear of
offending the White House have
overwhelmed what was a clearly stated
statement at the time it is it is quite
amazing it's been stated it's been
repeated it's been supported by Mike
Pompeo by Coates the Director of
National Intelligence so extraordinary
that she would she would seem not to
know about it Joe I just want yeah go
ahead sorry I just want to point out Lee
after Miss Nielsen made this comment the
Department of Homeland Security came out
and said quote she agrees with the
intelligence community's assessment
about the 2016 presidential election so
came out later and and tried to clean up
what she said you know what I you know
what I agree with Susan Dell / CEO that
the the Sun rises in the East and it
sets in the West which is basically
which is basically just how buried this
truth was yesterday when she was asked
about it but let's talk about secretary
Nilson and who exactly this is that made
this decision because there are some
people in Donald Trump's orbit who were
bumbling idiots she is not one of them
from everything we've heard this woman
is tough she is fierce she was
independent
in fact she's so tough that a lot of her
workers at times were you know she kept
them on their toes will just say and
very intelligent what does it say again
about Trump's Washington that somebody
has to play the part
of a lead actor in idiocracy to not get
in trouble with a commander-in-chief no
it's absolutely depressing you know and
I think we have to I choose to look at
this as an indent committed by secretary
Nielsen and she did try and clear it up
because frankly we can't afford to lose
another cabinet member and go through a
confirmation we're at a pivotal time
right before the elections etc we need
to ensure that our elections are secure
that we have a homeland security
department that's running efficiently
she does have all the qualifications you
said you know granted it is extremely
depressing and unfortunate that we see
the cabinet kind of fall in line with
whatever the president wants but what do
you expect when you even see an
independent
legislature like the house just folding
like a lawn chair with the president as
well it seems like all of Washington
just wants to do what's politically
acceptable not their jobs yeah you know
Willie speaking of folding like a rusty
lawn chair did you see what the king of
taxis did in Albany yesterday here's a
guy that was going to be sent away to
jail for like 75 to a hundred years he
ends up getting no jail time probation
and as he's standing before the judge
the judge asks him because but Sir do
you understand what your lawyers just
did for you and he said yes I do and I
am very appreciative of that in fact I
mean this guy you there's cooperating
and then there is what the taxi king of
New York City is doing pretty
extraordinary events of that Albany
courthouse yesterday that had shockwave
sent out that were felt in the Southern
District of New York all the way to the
West Wing yeah a quick hearing up in
Albany that could have a big impact on
what's happening at the White House and
we'll get into that story next on
Morning Joe Michael Cohen pleading the
fifth in one case but one of his close
business partners that Joe just
mentioned is saying a lot as he just
agreed to cooperate with prosecutors and
it could put some pressure on the
president's fixer Joyce Vance explains
the significance of that story for us
next but thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and May
sure you subscribe to stay up to date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
