see what happens whether or not it
happens whatever it is it is we'll see
what happens if it doesn't happen maybe
it'll happen later maybe it'll happen at
a different time we will see whether the
deal gets made or not who knows you
never really know there's a chance that
it'll work out it's a very substantial
chance and it won't work out there's a
good chance that we'll have the meeting
he may have a meeting coming up he may
not he may or may not he may or may not
he may or may not but we'll see what
happens maybe nothing happened then
maybe it did we'll see how it all works
out can't tell you exactly how or why
but it always does it's gonna work out
Wow
that was President Trump yesterday well
or actually maybe it wasn't talking
about trade with China and the waning
likelihood of his planned summit with
North Korea's dictator if Donald
Rumsfeld had his known unknowns well
president Trump lives in a certain
uncertainty welcome the Morning Joe it
is Wednesday May 23rd with us we have
MSNBC contributor Mike Barnicle also
president the Council on Foreign
Relations and author of the book a world
in disarray now in its 47th friendiy Wow
Richard Haass yeah I mean come on it's
it's it's it's barbecue season well he
also we have Republican strategist and
political commentator Susan Dell / co
columnist and associate editor for The
Washington Post David Ignatius and
former US Attorney for the Northern
District of Alabama now an MSNBC
contributor Joyce Vance mica is off for
her daughter's college graduation events
at johns hopkins congratulations
Amelia so whatever a willie we had a
president here who went from a nobel
prize so certain that wherever he went
the teeming masses would chant it nobel
prize nope so we've gone from the
certainty of a nobel prize to a quite
uncertain Donald J Trump what do you
think gives well kim jong-un through
balance last week from the North Korean
government put out a statement that says
we're not giving up our nukes in
president rent 100 that was the point of
doing this but I think Richard Haass
away when when the bar has been set at
fire and fury the alternative is war
anything beneath that it seems to me
Donald Trump will claim as some victory
in other words if he goes on June the
12th to Singapore and comes home with
anything maybe even a photo op he can
call it historic he will say he got
something even if it's not the stated
goal which is to get North Korea to give
up its nukes
well he's not gonna get North Korea to
give up the right because that's the
only thing that's certain so he need to
have to be willing to accept half a loaf
or maybe about a slice of the the loaf
and declare victory or accept the notion
that a summit is simply a point on the
road of diplomacy rather than the end of
the process this is the beginnings we'd
have to dramatically dial down his
definition of success dial down
expectations but will you know what it
wouldn't be the worst thing if the
summit were postponed
better to have a postponed summit then a
summit either that blows up because we
keep the bar too high or that the
president feels so pressured to
compromise in order to quote-unquote get
a win that he gives away the store
there's worse things they're not having
this summit on June's wealthy yeah no
doubt about it
David Ignatius we're gonna prepare the
way we're gonna get to our lead story in
a minute but this is so fascinating
David David Ignatius though North Korea
is not coming off of its of its plan to
keep some nuclear weapons Donald Trump
can't walk away from the summit being
the president that officially sanctioned
a nuclear North Korea so where does this
end if not with the two sides turning
around and shouting accusations at each
other and walking in opposite directions
I think it ends with what will probably
be protracted diplomacy
we can't say at this point whether the
summit will take place on on June 12 I
still think it's likely but but it's
clear that this will not be a quick
process where Kim jong-un comes and says
last I have an opportunity to give up my
nuclear weapons I've been wanting to do
this no that's that's not going to
happen
and I think President Trump is being
sensible in trying to lower expectations
lower his own stake in getting a
successful outcome taking home that
Nobel Peace Prize so I I would think
that a meeting is still likely but that
will have some sort of phased process
the president is now essentially
accepted that that's something that he's
willing to think about it's not going to
be the immediate complete
denuclearization but there may be an
outcome he can still accept it if the
North Koreans continue their non testing
of weapons that's a significant
achievement he could say all right we're
going to come back to the president's
North Korean summit in just a moment but
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
