welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look of Axios am
co-founder and CEO of axis at jim ben hi
Jim good morning to you good morning but
talk to us about Axios is one big thing
yeah we have a look at sort of the anti
robert muller brigade that's starting to
grow I'd say slightly in numbers but
substantially in how loud it is and what
this brigade is it's not just Trump any
more not just Trump in his Twitter feed
you now start to see a mark pan a former
Clinton aide sort of questioning the
Muller probe you see Alan Dershowitz on
cable questioning the the probe use now
see these members of Congress who'll be
meeting today to discredit the origin of
the probe and so it's not always totally
coordinated but now it's all of these
voices almost every day trying to raise
questions about the probe now but also
the origins of it and the why it matters
so why it matters is that the more you
have this and the more successful it is
and polls show with Republicans it is
pretty successful where you have a lot
of Republicans saying this investigation
should end and that the president is not
guilty enough to be impeached that gives
the president more and more leverage
because at the end of the day this is
both a legal debate but it is also a
political debate because it's a House of
Representatives that's controlled by
Republicans that would decide
impeachment and it's the Senate which is
controlled by Republicans that would
decide removal so we should pay
attention to this campaign so besides it
just being kind of a public chorus and
as you said kind of solidifying that
Republican base this is actually
producing some tangible results or at
least having some impact on the
investigation nonetheless with like the
recent decisions by the Department of
Justice to so-called investigate the
investigators yeah I mean this meeting
you have get as congressman Nunez who's
who's wants to meet with the Justice
Department to talk about this informant
and do it only with Republicans present
this is unusual usually when you're
talking about intelligence matters with
Capitol Hill until recently it's almost
always done in a bipartisan fashion
worth noting the Senate Republicans are
not joining in on this and there is much
more bipartisan
activity and the intelligence side on
the Senate but you've got House
Republicans wanting to discredit the
origin of the probe saying you know what
it looks like there was this informant
there's as mole inside of the Trump
campaign that this was tainted from the
beginning even if it's not true and
almost every single investigation
involves informants
very similar to this even if it's not
true a lot of people do end up thinking
it's true you see it in polls a lot of
Republicans think this is much ado about
nothing which I think to all of us is a
little shocking because we just look at
the known knowns and we're like there is
a lot there there's a reason Republicans
in the Senate are quiet they see that
there's a lot there that it's at least
warrants investigation whether it
warrants impeachment or legal activity
that's later talk to us about Jonathan
swans reporting on all of this and and
the White House is legal team sabotage
strategy with regards to the Muller
investigation we right there's two sides
to this right you have your Emmett
floods you have your lawyers who are
looking at this on the inside who are
really thinking about the legal strategy
that's being done behind the scenes
should be done behind the scenes but you
are now you have Rudy Giuliani who's
really kind of a spokesman for the White
House
constantly on the phone with the
president late at night often multiple
times shares his grievances and he
really has become sort of the public
mouth and the public face of the anti
Muller Brigade and so you've got those
two sides of it the PR side and the
legal side working in conjunction both
to try to end the probe and always to
discredit Muller himself hey Jim let's
switch gears for moan because I want to
ask you about the EPA I know that you
guys has some new you guys have some new
polling out showing that the EPA chief
Scott Pruett has actually hit a low
approval rating probably the lowest
during his tenure despite having a low
profile for somebody in that position
what did the numbers reveal it's so
interesting all these stories that you
guys and we sort of hyperventilate about
it turns out that about 50/50 some
percent of the public doesn't know who
Scott Pruitt is right now that they have
not been paying attention to all these
stories about the shenanigans going on
with him and his staff and the EPA but
it did the poll did find the
80% of people said that if the
inspectors general report that's being
done on him shows that there was that
there was these activities and that they
were improper that he should be fired
and so while he's not super well-known
people do feel strongly that wouldn't
hear about the charges if true he should
go I been to hide life force in
Washington DC this morning thank you of
course we're gonna be reading actually
a.m. in just a little bit in to all of
our viewers out there you too can sign
up for the newsletter at access com hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
