we're back with James clapper the former
Director of National Intelligence whose
new book facts and fears is out as of
right now director clapper I said I
would ask you one thing I'd lied it's
two the first one is you say in
September 2016 you say by September 2016
we knew that Putin was personally
involved in the Russian attack can you
tell us anything about how you came to
that can how it came to that conclusion
I really can't this gets into you know
pretty sensitive sources and methods but
we had I thought very very solid
evidence of that so with two months
before the election yeah you also I
played a clip just before you sat down
where dianne feinstein asked you in a
Senate hearing open Senate hearing about
multiple European allies reporting to
the US intelligence community about
contacts between the Trump campaign in
Russia and you confirmed to senator
Feinstein that that happened but then
said the details are quite sensitive is
there anything that's been publicly
reported since then that would allow you
to elaborate no no yeah I knew that was
gonna happen I have to ask though
all right here's something that I know
you can talk about because you wrote
about it you described a phone call that
you made to President Trump after he had
publicly derided the US intelligence
community as Nazis you said I thanked
him for taking the call and I said he'd
gotten my attention when he'd referred
to the intelligence community as Nazis I
explained him I wanted to defend the men
and women of the intelligence community
I tried to appeal to his higher
instincts he thanked me he said he
valued the intelligence community and
the intelligence he'd been receiving he
then asked if I would put out a
statement refuting what was in the
Steele dossier the request felt very
transactional that he would play nice if
I would do him a favor I declined saying
that I couldn't refute or affirm what
was in the dossier he sounded
disappointed the president was
essentially making you an offer that he
would make palliative statements about
that well I think I don't know I mean
that that's probably the implication I
mean it just that part of the
conversation felt transactional to me I
mean that seemed to be his focus was
the dossier and I might say with respect
to the dossier a very important point to
make is we did not use that as a source
for our intelligence community
assessment so it was based on
traditional intelligence sources our
whole point though in briefing
then-president like Trump about it was I
felt strongly and I think we all did
that we owed it to him to warn him that
it was out there mm-hm
without respect to the content and a Jim
Comey was particularly concerned from
the counter intelligence standpoint
because Russians will use compromise
whether it's real or contrived in if
they can to exert leverage and Jim felt
we should at least warn him about that
and that was the whole point not not to
ascribe veracity confirm or deny or
rebut any of what was in the dossier
that said some of it what we did
corroborate in the ica and of course it
appears that more of it has been
corroborated with ensuing developments
and what we've learned is there anything
in the dossier that has been disproven
no some of it hasn't been proven and
some of it hasn't been no I guess the
answer the short answer to the question
the salacious stuff absolutely no
corroboration of that to my knowledge
Jim clapper former Director of National
Intelligence thank you for serving the
country and so many different capacities
for so many years you've been involved
in a gazillion different controversies
but you're writing this book is itself a
service because it gives us a window
into what you did what you lived through
and also it is a real creative curve in
terms of how you feel about what's going
on right now what happened in the
election thank you thank you thanks
Rachel much more ahead tonight including
the results of some big primary
elections that have been coming in while
we have been on the air stay with us hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
