if you've been following the scandals in
the white house you know there's a
pretty big cast of characters frankly I
pay attention for a living and it can
get a little much
there's one man though we think is the
next key figure to watch Eliot Brody who
was until recently the deputy finance
chair for the Republican Party it's a
pretty big deal and his name is come up
before notably when the Wall Street
Journal back in April published a really
odd story about him so the journal
reported that Donald Trump's personal
lawyer Michael Cohen who of course you
know had negotiated a 1.6 million dollar
settlement for a Playboy model to cover
up an affair she had with broidy and
which resulted in a pregnancy that she
terminated now if that sounds like it
has more than a little resemblance to
Donald Trump's alleged affair with and
subsequent payoff with stormy Daniels
and Karen McDougal well get ready for
more coincidences Cohen received
payments in both the stormy Daniels case
in this case through the same LLC he set
up essential consultants the
non-disclosure agreement in both cases
this is for Elliott Brody and his
alleged affair a person and for Donald
Trump and his in both cases used the
same pseudonyms David Dennison and Peggy
Peterson and both contracts not only
involved Cohen on one side but the same
lawyer Keith Davidson representing the
women in question but it gets even
weirder because as we're now learning
including from an AP story based on
emails that Brody's lawyer has called
fabricated broidy like everyone else
around this president was looking to get
his according to the AP broidy was
working with lebanese-american George
Nader to convince Saudi Arabia and the
United Arab Emirates of his influence
with the President and to therefore land
lucrative contracts for mr. Brody and
the coincidences continue New York
magazine reports the quote the first
payment of the agreement was sure a
Bashar that's the woman that Elliott
Brody paid off was supposed to be due on
December 1st 2017 okay so he pays this
$200,000 to her and then the very next
day according the AP story Brody gets a
face-to-face meeting with none other
than President Donald Trump so he pays
the money then he gets the meeting with
the President and then the AP reports
quote days after Brody's meeting with
Trump the UAE award
broidy the intelligence contract the
partners have been seeking for up to six
hundred million dollars over five years
that's a lot of money
he pays off this woman through Michael
Cohen the president's lawyer using the
same very similar contract and then he
gets a meeting with the President and he
gets his very lucrative contract from
people who think that he hasn't even
with the president the real kicker
something you should know about Freud E
is that he's already pleaded guilty to
bribing government officials including
their girlfriends hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
