the criminal defense of Donald Trump now
rests in the hands of a man with very
little recent experience as a criminal
defense attorney Rudy Giuliani and
tonight we have a special report
exploring how Trump is turning to
Giuliani as he ramps up these attacks on
the Russia probe he's ditched his past
lawyers like Ty Cobb and John Dowd Trump
signaling he wants a TV brawler and we
have a very special panel for this
discussion a man who helped shape the
New York Times coverage during
Giuliani's entire mayoral tenure Howell
Raines attorney and executive director
for the Center for Constitutional Rights
Vince Warren who sued the Giuliani
administration they also have a man who
literally ran to succeed Giuliani as
mayor mark Greene and Jennifer Rogers
who served in the exact same federal
prosecutorial office as Giuliani after
his tenure Thanks to everyone for being
here Rudy is in the center of everything
and Jennifer let me start with you if he
has so much experience why does he seem
so bad at defending the president lately
well that's really the question Ari I
mean once upon a time Rudy Giuliani was
a real lawyer I mean he ran what I think
biased but is the best prosecutors
office in the world and here he is
seemingly not understanding what the law
is not knowing how to apply facts to the
law or maybe more likely purposely
misrepresenting what the law is and what
the facts are in order to serve
different purposes we're gonna get to
some of the disagreements I think that
are at the table with Giuliani but on
the performance why why so problematic
who's his client how do you square a
circle and so the circle is a lava of
lies and deception and rhetorical
questions because Trump you know he
can't tell the truth so Rudy's job is to
sanitize this which you think he'd be
good at because well he was a smarter
more skilled lawyer of course as mayor
now
when is the deputy mayor said to me in a
piece I wrote for the Daily News
we all think he's lost it lost it lost
it I don't need an intelligence
P like Kelly and Conway like Trump they
speed lie they speed shift now
all to avoid the essential reality 73
Russian contacts not simply contacts not
simply firing Kovac which is notorious
and open but the Hara gate I mean all
these other people that he's done that
with became and now maybe roses what
you're saying how good a poker player
you are does depend to some degree on
the hand you have thinking about what he
did in New York you know another odd
part of choosing him is he doesn't have
a lot of this actual criminal experience
and when you look back at his political
career he was touting himself not as an
advocate of defendants but as a crime
fighter we will prosecute the biggest
drug cases to medium-size drug cases and
the street drug cases we've doubled the
number of people that have been
prosecuted and convicted that an awful
lot of time was being spent distributing
drugs and engaging in fraudulent
securities practices squeegee operators
and excessive noise and lease are now
cracking down hard on such offenses want
to show people improvement in the
quality of their life that things are
getting better for them crime is down by
numbers
I've staggered people we're hearing from
a different Giuliani now who's looking
at a lot of the arguments for defendants
at least one yeah and you know he's very
good about talking about fighting crime
unless it's actually the police
department which are the people that he
needs to fight so anybody that knows
anything about New York twenty years ago
that we had in nineteen ninety two a ten
thousand person riot on City Hall those
10,000 people were New York City police
officers and in fact Rudy Giuliani was
running for mayor at the time and
incited them essentially to take over
and push back against the the current
the then current mayor who was David
Dinkins in 1997 we had Abner Louima who
was a man who was brutalized by the
police officers in Brooklyn and he
couldn't Rudy could not bring himself
could not bring himself to even talk
about that other than to say let's wait
until the facts come in and then there's
Amadou Diallo who was shot 41 to 41
times by police officers which actually
most people don't know this in 1999 that
was the the impetus for my organization
the Center for Constitutional Rights to
file a case against the street crimes
unit which
came the stop-and-frisk case that we won
in 2013 so do you feel a sense of
profound frustration or hypocrisy with
seeing this person who's acted this way
now make all the arguments for
defendants that they should be presumed
innocent that they shouldn't have to
testify all these types of things I
would say that it's profound other
worldliness it's very strange to hear
him make these kind of arguments you
know he's known after September 11th as
America's mayor prior to September 11th
he was New York's nightmare are ya said
on your show right after the Hannity
interview that I thought Rudy had lost
it in many agreed I'm stepping off on a
different foot tonight I think because
of this extravagant performance he's put
on that his client is in better shape
PR wise and politically today than he
was two weeks ago hmm why do you say
that well what you know the old saw
among southern lawyers and I guess it's
true among lawyers everywhere if the law
is on your side you argue the law the
facts on your side view are the facts if
nothing's on your side you attack attack
attack the character and patriotism and
every other aspect of the personality of
your opponent and that's what we're
seeing and as a diversionary tactic Rudy
has done something I think that
solidifies the four out of ten Americans
who believe this man should be President
and that is he has shifted the debate
from whether we trust him to deal with
our historic enemy Russia to whether we
as Americans trust our Justice
Department and our FBI and I think what
you say is important because it goes
beyond the evidence sloppiness of some
of the interviews and to these other
attacks what I want to do is play
something that I think more Americans
were a bunch of New York figures here on
this table but Americans of course think
about 9/11 and that attack that
obviously profoundly affected New York
and the rest of the city it burned this
image of course in the minds of many he
was Person of the Year and he emerged
very ready for that day
remain where they are except if they are
in southern Manhattan if you're below
Canal Street tomorrow New York is gonna
be here and we're gonna rebuild and
we're gonna be stronger than we were
before
9/11 a horrific day everyone remembers
it in New York you were here as a New
Yorker you were also a candidate that
was primary day Rudy Giuliani is
lionized for that more than almost
anything else in his career he went as
you said from Nixon to Churchill
overnight and we know the night and I I
was a 40 blocks north shaking hands
because it was primary day in the
Democratic primary I saw the plane
sticking out of world tray so I didn't
hear about it on television so it was a
hard to process my first impulse is the
number two city official was to go down
there and then aide said mark today
you're a politician this is the mayor's
job I agree with how Rudy was a perfect
pick for Trump they were losing to
Muller in legal basis they could handle
that eventually I think probably not but
they were losing to avenatti
and Muller I'm the PR until they had no
answer to a finale and this is supposed
to be that trumps metier Giuliani is
he's technically a lawyer he's a
television demagogue who imitates
Trump's you there's a I don't have these
Southern aphorisms but the British say
perhaps wrong but never in doubt they
have imitated the patent of Sean Hannity
we all try to do it but they do it
because they're more shameless where you
just assert zero campaign finance violet
and it-- a sitting president oh really
what if he commits murder
so Giuliani has helped in that way but I
used to tell a joke about Rudy when I
was number two Democrat city officials
number one thinking about Giuliani is
either you love him or he hates you
that that's Trump that's Trump
that's Trump take a listen Jennifer - of
course Rudi's ability as a leader in New
York to pick fights sometimes with
equals and sometimes not he says the
mayor has taken a labor dispute and
turned it into a racial one you should
not be having public tax payers have to
contribute to pedophiles on parade
there's something deranged about you
concerned that you have for ferrets it's
something you should examine with a
therapist this excessive concern with
little weasels is a sickness Wow I mean
look this is not the way that you talk
in the courtroom right this is the way
you talk on TV and apparently on radio
this will not play once you're really
talking about litigation which is why if
we end up with a subpoena that's being
litigated if we end up with charges if
we end up with an impeachment proceeding
things are gonna be different coming out
of Giuliani's mouth if he's even in the
mix at that point but this is a
different game than Howell do you recall
what the New York Times editorial
position was on ferrets at the time I
was shocked I remember the clip now that
you've prompted me I was shocked when I
got to New York to live full time for
the first time I times career in 1993
I'd grown up around some tough southern
politicians even milder mannered
politicians like Rudy like Jimmy Carter
and Ronald Reagan had some hard knuckle
guys around them but I had never seen
the anger level that inhabited New York
politics mark knows this world better
than I but it was even as a seasoned
journalist I was taken aback and I
learned about it firsthand the two most
angry phone calls I received as
editorial page of the New York Times
were from Governor Cuomo and mayor
Giuliani the latter so intense that I
said there I'm here to listen to your
complaints but I can't be talked to this
way it was really he off the charts he
did everybody like a ferret so
periodically when he was at an event
he's the mayor he would say I'll go in
if booth messenger who were in the inner
of 1997 and Mark Greene don't go
in other words it's more bully than poke
but it is pure Trump using your
political leverage to get your way which
sometimes works in elections but not so
well with Robert oh well for viewers who
are thinking about how central Rudy's
gonna be as this fight plays out you may
have left us with the the best memory he
treats everyone like a ferret but also
interesting to hear even critics of
originally on did they say that part of
what he's doing maybe working hey I'm
already Melvin from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
