let's bring in the hardball rounds able
to have a verdict on this michael steele
former RNC Chairman at an MSNBC play
glass adrianel right Democratic
strategist and former senior aide with
Hillary for America and yummy shall
sender a straight news reporter
Whitehouse cards plan for PBS Newshour
and an MSNBC political contributor last
a party message do you have to announce
it don't people always know where Trump
stay pay I mean usually sort of nowhere
Reagan stood you didn't have a message
you know where he what yeah yeah and you
know where you know where bernie stands
he doesn't have to put a message board
up you know where Bernie standing is it
smart for a party to list its five-point
crime program or something like that no
it is important and the value of it is
not not for the folks who look and talk
about it on television but for that base
out there that reinforces for them that
we're out here about something and we're
going to push something he gives them
something to talk about at the
grassroots level to go out into the
community yeah when they're running into
neighbors and friends and say hey you
know these are at least one or two
things that we think are important which
is why we're want you to come out and
vote so it's really more for beginning
to feed that that ultimate narrative
that you want to cut it's all about the
grassroots but here's the problem I
think Democrats have is that everything
before the word but doesn't matter why
she's got a connect it's got to connect
and it's got to be something that those
activists feel that they can go out and
fight for it to the andrea.adrian agent
do you think the average Democrat out
there whenever they're back on
middle-class working-class whatever
cares about ethics in Washington because
that's a big part that's do message you
know and I think that's a that's a good
question
I mean I do think that they care about
when their taxpayer dollars are being a
be abused by the very people who they
elected to serve them you mean like like
the EPA director exactly exactly and
that is where this culture of corruption
comes into play you may remember Chris
in 2005-2006 that cycle when that's what
we ran on as Democrats and at what we
want we took out their raises the
salaries of his top people beyond the
level that Congress were paid and he
does
on his own against the rules right yeah
yeah exactly and like God the list goes
on and on over to he claims he's going
to somewhere North Africa but he was
really on his way to Paris and that was
well I just free trapeze I have been in
politics for so long watching it being
in it and I've seen so many junkets and
so many people that just they love the
perks and and since when is one party
better than the other it's my big
question well the Democrats are now on
their something at least third roll out
of a message to try to take back the
party from Republicans and yet they
still don't really have the clear path
the queer pack the passion that that is
really gonna be key for them taking back
all of these seats and all and really
take my control of the cultural of
America I think that so many people now
are kind of in are kind of ready to
fight Trump like front Trump they want
to argue about things they want to say
they want to basically start
name-calling when the Democrats are
itching to try to have it let me ask you
a question why the Republicans are so
good at memorizing the crap that Trump
throws out he says something that goes
right back from the peeps out there they
started anything about the correct he'll
say that the investigation is corrupt
and don't start all the investigations
corrupt why don't Democrats be as good
as echo as an echo chamber because they
don't Democrats seem to be a little more
skeptical I don't know what they do
Republicans have the discipline of the
message and and you see it from the top
of the leadership all the way down
there's no doubt about that it's
something that we used very effectively
in 2010 you know we started with the
fire Pelosi concept and it just it
gravitated to attach to a lot of other
things I can see right supposed to play
golf they paid off you're supposed to
read The Wall Street Charlie reason
you're supposed to run they don't
make their up their own dance steps
these guys do what they do what they do
what they do
no look I think first of all we've got
to keep in mind here that it's really
hard to break through in this media
cycle this chaotic media cycle that
Trump is is perpetuating here so given
that that factor and combined with the
fact that Democrats don't have any
control right now in terms of the house
in the Senate it is slightly difficult
to get our message out but I actually
happen to be one of the people who
believe that the better deal message
that Schumer and Pelosi are touting
works it makes a lot of sense to me
what's the key thing you about that
what's the couple phrases that you think
on a ring with the Democratic voters
between now and November Adrienne well I
think one of the things that is
important on the better deal is that the
economy is doing relatively well right
now right so Democrats can't necessarily
run only on the economy that can't be
the only message so this is basically
saying yeah maybe the economy is doing
ok but we want to raise wages we want to
create better jobs we want to help any
wages in the private sector you you you
work on legislation that will allow
private sector companies to well that's
what we're gonna see Schumer and Pelosi
unveil in the next few months I just
wonder how you raise wages in the
private sector how you do that after the
2016 election the first thing Democrats
told me was that they were not going to
run against Donald Trump again there we
could now the message has to be bigger
that we're not Trump because they did
that with Hillary Clinton and they lost
the better deal sounds a lot like better
than Trump and that's gonna be
problematic and then you have there's
always talk about establishment
Democrats but Bernie Sanders group our
revolution there was that political
article that really laid out that they
are really in disarray there are people
resigning the perd the president who's
running it is trying to install people
that was a bum it's called our
revolution and the president who was
running it what the part of the article
said that she was trying to install a
consultant that had praised President
Trump on Fox TV so there were a lot of
Bernie Sanders progressives in that
group who said we don't want this person
in our organization so they have some
stuff to deal with as well so I think
that the bottom line is that Democrats
have to figure out how to do something
other than run against try what about
the what about you're here for that what
about the birdie Flint I mean it sounds
a little bit dreamy but basically health
care for all your whole time from birth
to grave Medicare for life really a big
break on college tuitions you wouldn't
really have debt anymore these are
really dreamy ideas but what happened
that Democrats are not pushing that
stuff anymore are they yeah because I
mean look that this is this is part of
the issue that we do have in the
Democratic Party is that we have we all
agree in the same philosophies but we
have different ways of getting there and
this is of course as you remember very
well in the primary an issue that
especially on the free college tuition
that Hillary and Bernie significantly
disagreed on she didn't think that every
single person in America had ie Ivanka
Trump should have access to a free
college education
hey there I'm Chris Hayes remember
see thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube
if you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
