welcome back let's get right to
tonight's panel they mail pukka senior
vice president at the American
Enterprise Institute and an NBC News
contributor Cornell Belcher Democratic
pollster and MSNBC political analyst and
Anne gearan White House correspondent at
The Washington Post by the way a new co
operator in one of the probes I won't
say the Muller probe because we don't
quite know what the Michael Cohen aspect
how much of it is Muller and how much of
it is the Southern District of New York
but a significant business partner
according to New York Times of Michael
Cohen has quietly agreed to cooperate
with the government as potential witness
it is one of Cohen's business partners
in the taxi business a veg Jeff Jenni
Friedman a Russian immigrant who is
known as the taxi King will avoid jail
time
that's his government prosecutors so a
little updated there okay Anne gearan
I'll start with you farthest down there
what did we learn today from what the
president is doing and what did you make
of the president's non-answer on Rod
Rosenstock I think I thought it was you
know theatrical on his part and and done
for a laugh but it's very telling and he
that's a question he doesn't want to
answer and by not answering whether he
has confidence in rod Rosen Stinney you
have all the information you need which
is you know clearly he is under
consideration Stein and if he fires them
then you know there there are multiple
implications for the Muller probe
whoever would be in on deck to replace
Rosen Stein would presumably be someone
who would be less protective of Bob
Muller and the investigation he leads by
the way mr. Rosen Stein has been showing
his own level of confidence here's a
mash-up of two one from a couple weeks
ago and one actually from I think
earlier this week to take a listen there
were people who have been making threats
privately and publicly against me for
quite some time
and I think they should understand by
now the Department of Justice is not
going to be extorted deputy attorneys
general or a very low profile
and not to be recognized yeah Cornell
one thing I will have say is I were the
president I would not like Rosen Stein's
confidence that's a man that doesn't
seem to be bothered by the attacks
coming from though he seems like you
know a law enforcement guy who
understands that their separation and
his and he doesn't in fact work for the
president he works with American people
and no one's above the law right when
you see what the president's been doing
how he's going after law enforcement how
he's behaving in a way that whether
you're a Democrat or a Republican you
should be a little bit weary up because
it seems like a third you know seems
like a gun boat sort of you know things
we see from from from dictators right
we're in a really sort of touch-and-go
times and a lot of people I think are
uncomfortable with the way we're bending
norms right no president should go at
the Department of Justice an FBI the way
he's going after them and I think he's
going after them quite frankly to
discredit them because he knows what's
coming Danny I am I find myself
straddling between sometimes I think we
in the media consent to alarmist and
sometimes I think we under play this is
one of those where it feels like I
actually think we're we're not want it
the way this has gone about it does not
that the president's gone about this in
a very dangerous way not inviting
Democrats he's just making it look even
more partisan well I think just to look
at things from Donald Trump's point of
view for one second not that I can do
that with any ease but I think what he
sees is an investigation that started
out about Russian collusion and is now
you know digging through his lawyers
files and been delivering his lawyers
relationship with some taxi guy who may
or may not be you know a Russian you
know affiliated in any way with Russia
other than his name is Russian and so
you know if you look at it from from
that perspective you know it's not
surprising that that Trump feels
persecuted and that Trump wonders
whether this is really just all about
getting him politically and while I
agree with with Cornell you know
obviously we're stepping on the very
dangerous territory at the same time we
need to understand that there is an
element of this that feels like what's
gonna be next you know it's funny the
times the big time so now it's AP Wall
Street Journal times have all got a sort
of version of what was clearly another
group of folks wanting to have some
relationship
with the Trump campaign Donald Trump jr.
and this is I'm going to do this
businessman Jorge Nader and as a
potential proxy for some Gulf state
princes you throw in the Iran deal it
some people look at that is that and
part of this that it turns out we were
looking this way and it turns out you
got to widen the scope here this was a
or some Trump supporters layers there's
the president tweeted over the weekend
now they're looking for other countries
well I mean I I think probably more the
former right I mean that this looks like
a large right I get how people see it
looks like a part of a larger issue
right however it it if you take a step
back yourself and think about it it
would only make sense that Russia
wouldn't be the only country that might
come knocking on the door of the Trump
Enterprise right I mean this was a
businessman running for president who
ran businesses all around the world had
a reputation of being a transactional
guy right so I mean if one person's
transaction is another person's breaking
the law in this country it's called pay
to play right and it's it's its oldest
politics in this country and that other
countries saw an opportunity to
influence it this way is part of the
problem right and this part of the sort
of the smell of corruption I do want to
get back to one thing about this this is
not smoking mirus right you have how
many people by people plant 14 and 14
indictments that's not smoke and mirrors
well you have 19 people around the
president who've been indicted and five
people pleading guilty that's not smoke
and mirrors that's real and that's
corruption it is fair enough and and and
and okay but hang on a second we were
just talking about campaign finance and
these issues and you're exactly right
Donald Trump has spent the lost God
knows how many decades do in business I
know a guy who knows a guy this is this
is what the problem was with the Clinton
Foundation when you open the door to
this then everybody will crawl in and it
won't just be the Russians it'll be the
Chinese it'll be the Saudis it'll be the
Emiratis it'll be the that was the fear
of the Clinton Foundation and and
that was the problem
Bill Clinton president during then he
wasn't sitting in a White House making
it but she wasn't president right what's
she president no she wasn't president
she was it was for you for you to say
that that that what happened with the
Clinton Foundation is is the same as
what happened with Cornell but work with
they're actually getting at the ha not
trying are getting at the heart of and I
hear this from Trump supporters and I
and we're gonna go over time a little
bit but it's important when they say
they do believe the Clintons were just
as corrupt as trauma they will sit there
and say we know Trump's corrupt but he's
no less corrupt than what they were
doing on the other side that is the part
of why this let me say that I am NOT
saying that all I am I know you're not
and I was about well I've been saying is
that is and particularly for people who
thought that Donald Trump wasn't gonna
win this was just a way to buy
themselves into the good graces and and
the Trump people have no damn idea what
was legal and what wasn't and didn't
really care
we pale a large price for for for money
in our campaigns and our politics that
we agree about that yes all right I'm
gonna pause it there it was a very
healthy discussion I'm seriously I'm
video for now and stick around and I'm
sorry that you justice if I get it hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
