president Trump preparing right now for
a critical meeting with the president of
South Korea set to take place at the
White House in less than three hours one
key topic president Trump's upcoming
summit with North Korean leader Kim
jong-un
president Trump reportedly telling the
South Korean president in a phone call
that he's concerned North Korea isn't
serious about striking a deal to need to
denuclearize and just after last month's
positive and constructive meeting
between the leaders of the north and
south President Trump also reportedly
wanted South Korean leaders thoughts on
the North's sudden hardline shift
putting in jeopardy the historic summit
between president Trump and Kim jong-un
the Washington Post reports quote in
South Korea many say the blame for the
sudden problems in the diplomatic
process lies squarely at the feet of
someone else John Bolton
joining me now seen BC contributor Ron
and sana along with my panel Mark
Thompson and Lise Jordan do you agree is
John Bolton the problem John Bolton is a
guy the president picked it's the
president's guy yeah and listen I mean
it's a bolt-on problem for this
president who has a habit not preparing
not having native curiosity not doing
the spade work that is typically done
before a summit of this magnitude where
this would typically take over a year
for the so-called Sherpas to be out
there laying the groundwork where a
summit becomes a signing ceremony this
is how we've seen foreign deals done in
the past of some magnitude whether it
was President Reagan's and Gorbachev
Bush and Gorbachev there's a lot of work
that goes into summits to arrive at a
reduction in nuclear stockpiles
denuclearization none of this has been
done now John Bolton mistakenly brought
up the Libya model which suggested
eventually but but he's not the problem
the problem is that there is no unified
message from the Trump administration on
what's expected what's planned and and
how we get to that point that we want to
get to it's at that point I don't blame
John vote John Boorman's has always been
completely straightforward with who he
is in February he wrote we should have a
preemptive strike against North Korea he
said we should pull in Libya that's how
he feels so when I read The Washington
Post
writing about
house aides that are worried and they're
saying they're worried that hawkish
figures at the White House were
deliberately setting up the talks to
fail Bolton in particular has been
singled out for a saber rattling against
North Korea I know you know what
Sherlock that's the guy you pick well no
and I would also argue that the most
unified message coming from this White
House has been John Bolton talking about
the Libya model and then Mike Pence also
talking about the Libyan Mountain Libya
model and so they aren't that into hawks
these are the people who Trump has
surrounded himself with people who are
opposed to a policy he's not showing a
switcheroo this is exactly this Johnny
one has been completely forthright about
that and coupled with you look at the
strategy for Iran the non strategy so to
speak that is basically Mike Pompeo
laying out a list of completely
unrealistic demands that result to
basically the administration saying yeah
we want regime change and this is how
we're going into the North Korea sand
which is also our strategy on trade TPP
is raping our country we're gonna give
you a better one what do we have nothing
we're going to destroy NAFTA and give
you something better what do we have
nothing and look what's happening with
China the fact that you are seeing the
administration on TV yesterday taking
credit for avoiding a trade war that
they're the ones who threatened mark
what's your take all blame here on John
Bolton they're not gonna fire him they
just gave him the job well as you said
he's he's consistent but John Bolton
didn't appoint himself he was appointed
by Trump mm-hmm and so a lot of blame
goes toward him but Trump ultimately put
him in that position this is their
policy which is really a non policy this
is diplomacy or lack thereof because
diplomacy is really negotiation
compromise give-and-take this is plain
it appears their whole foreign policy
plan is to play to the Fox News audience
okay so Barack Obama didn't sin it
didn't make hostages being released a
photo-op that's what he did he sought to
make a photo op out of that he's seeking
to make a photo op out of this summit
I've always suspected it was going to be
meaningless
he made a photo op out of the embassy in
Jerusalem but in doing so Jerusalem he
gave up an important bargaining chip in
any negotiate
toward Middle East peace in a two-state
solution in terms of North Korea Kim
jong-un kind of played and would give
you some hostages but Trump didn't get
anything in return for that so kim
jeong-hoon very well say hey you didn't
give me anything I'm gonna pull out
you're still carrying out military
exercises with South Korea and then in
terms of China
you know they created this problem with
China in terms of trade now they're
saying oh we're gonna pull it back from
that and ease up off of it so China got
what is one he wanted he's been played
about three countries we've done his
homework North Korea the only thing Kim
jong-un has got his nuclear power
without nuclear power he has nothing
he's not just going to show up to the
table on while the president may have
used releasing the hostages as a photo
opportunity will allow it we support it
we celebrated it we thank the president
for that work but on the heels of it
he has to actually do something more I
mean I watched conservative analysts say
look at that mainstream media they
didn't even cover the hostage release
please we covered the heck out of it our
reporters were up all night long but
we're also going to cover this summit
and I want to share Mike this piece with
Mike Pence you know he was discussing
the president reconsidering whether or
not this summit is going to take place
I don't think President Trump is
thinking about
public relations he's thinking about
peace he's thinking about how we achieve
what has eluded successive American
administration I mean truthfully the
Clinton administration even the Bush
administration got played in the past it
would be a great mistake for Kim jong-un
to think he could play Donald Trump he
just did vice president help you you
think that the president is not focused
on PR that is exactly what he's focused
on 24/7 and guess what he's fantastic at
it he's already been played I mean Kim
jong-un can walk away from this or if
the president decides to pull out
because he fears embarrassment Kim
jong-un got Donald Trump to admit to a
bilateral summit something no president
has done before he's gotten the
president to recognize him as an
honorable human being despite the
inhumane treatment of his own citizens
he's gotten the recognition that he
wants to bolster his regime within North
Korea a man who tortures and starves and
imprisons his own people yet to be
viewed on the same level as the
president he reportedly fed his uncle to
hungry dogs in order to kill him he
assassinated his half-brother he's done
a variety of things just in the last
couple of years that are beyond
unconscionable and and so it most
definitely there's the risk of the u.s.
being played here and enhancing the Kim
jong-un regime without anything to show
for it hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
