to senior administration officials tell
Politico that President Trump uses a
cell phone that is not equipped with
security features designed to shield his
communications a departure of course
from the practice of his predecessors
that potentially exposes him to hacking
and surveillance the president uses at
least two iPhones according to one of
the officials one capable only of making
calls the other equipped only with the
Twitter app and preloaded with a handful
of news sites
the phones are issued by White House
Information Technology and the White
House communications agency an office
staffed by military personnel that
oversees White House communications
while aides have urged the President to
swap out the Twitter phone on a monthly
basis
Trump has resisted that telling them it
was too convenient the same
administration official said soon be too
inconvenient the same an administration
official said the hypocrisy here is
quite obvious and clear which is that
Hillary Clinton's server was the focal
point of the 2016 campaign because it
exposed her to all the things we talked
about right there and an easy thing for
the president to do get a secure phone
swap out periodically as his military
adviser suggests but apparently he wants
to keep the the old reliable force for
Mike Barnicle
the same thing we heard in Italy
Clinton's case convenience yes well so
so yeah what would I guess we'll get a
flurry of stories about well can we back
up it and we had a shot of the president
holding that phone that was just up on
the screen that we just had can we get
that back up there again look at that
phone that phone is bigger than a
nineteen fifty four desoto I mean that's
not an iPhone look at you with the case
on it yeah it's huge it is I mean look
well you know what you know why it looks
so big Mike oh you know why did I check
this up or what I mean his mammy looks
mammoth yeah
small hands you said it not me
you could put a golf tee in those hands
and look you
it says Steve Kornacki he obviously
Hillary Clinton supporters with good
reason are aghast that that Hillary
Clinton had articles written about her
for a year and a half and here's Donald
Trump doing the same thing with another
technology for quote convenience yeah no
I mean like you said it's sort of the
the headline writes itself the story
writes itself and I and I feel this is a
road we've been down a number of times
since January of 2017 where you can call
back to something in the campaign and
you can look at what's in the news now
and you could say there's maybe a
disconnect there well Casey there's so
many there's so many disconnects you
could talk about flan and Trump and
everybody else saying anybody that you
know cooperates with the FBI is guilty
or pleads the fifth is guilty
Sarah Huckabee Sanders talking about two
investigations by the FBI shows how
corrupt Hillary Clinton was I mean again
these headlines all right themselves
yeah well and I was just sitting here
reading this letter from Paul Ryan speak
for the house dear director clapper
right today I am writing the formally
request you've refrained from providing
any classified information to former
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for
the duration of her candidacy for
president this is when he demanded that
she not be allowed to receive any
classified information because she had
used unsecured devices to send and
receive email so just curious if the
same standard applies that is fastening
hey Steve before we go really quickly I
talked before about Donald Trump's
numbers they were mired mid-30s high 30s
now they're low 40s and right track
wrong track pretty high there's been a
couple if you're a Republican worried
about keeping the house and the Senate
for that matter there's been a couple
positive indicators in the last month I
would say right track wrong track Donald
Trump's approval rating is now at about
forty to forty three percent for him
that is a that is sort of a desire place
that it's been yeah and also the generic
ballot when he asked people that
question you want to vote for the
Democrat or the Republican for Congress
in your district this fall that we at
the end of last year when I think the
people thought the bottom was really
falling out for Republicans after that
Alabama special Senate election it was
double digits for Democrats on that
now that thing is creaking down within
five points even closer in some polls so
look there's a question here always you
can go back to 2010 the big Republican
wave year there were periods in the
middle of the year where Democrats
started to say hey maybe it's not gonna
be that bad maybe we got this thing
under control these things still have
time to play out but if you're a
Republican you've had some hopeful signs
in the last quickly what's driving this
it could be a couple of things number
one the North Korean news number two the
turn in focus I think to trump on the
the stormy day Daniel's a SEC's front we
saw with Clinton 20 years ago when that
became the subject his standing it's
also the economy Jo it's also the
economy yeah I mean you go on made any
major highway you see the building going
on on both sides of every road so you're
saying the Obama recovery is continuing
yes that's what it is yes I'm serious
fine find me an economic statistic where
what's going on today isn't a natural
predictable follow-up to what happened
there the last seven years of Barack
Obama's correct I'm not saying that to
be snide it's just it's just data man
and Willie and I are dated driven our
yeah all right we're going toward
attrition yeah that's that's what we are
I get with my baseball team where you
sabermetrics for nine-year-olds it works
very well then and screaming Steve
Kornacki thank you so much it's still
ahead did the Justice Department blink
and its standoff with the White House
and Republican members of Congress
hoping to get classified information in
the Moller probe we're gonna break down
today's high-stakes confrontation
between the White House and the DOJ and
we're going to be bringing in a member
of the Senate Judiciary Committee
Republican John Kennedy he never says
anything interesting now this guy's
great can't wait to hear what he has to
say about what's going on Morning Joe
coming right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
