primate primary voters head to the polls
today in four states Georgia Kentucky
Texas and Arkansas with us now to break
a board chair we tip the table it's just
like the science teacher who loses his
mind science teacher beat up students
yeah national political correspondent
for NBC News and MSNBC Steve Carnegie
who's the nicest guy also at the table
two former congressman from Florida
Democrat Patrick Murphy and Republican
david jolly they are considering running
for governor and lieutenant governor of
Florida as a bipartisan ticket like this
lets earth Kornacki there so this is
Steve is anything going to happen today
that any of us should care about people
reporting from the Royal Wedding and
everybody on set was going you know
nobody watches that yeah it so cute
is there anything tonight I should care
depends how much of an election junkie
you are I guess if that's a way to sell
this if you're like me you're gonna care
about a lot of this you're thinking I
think there's two interesting stories
that I'm following tonight number one is
this choice that Democrats have in
Georgia statewide for the governors race
this year it's a strategic choice and
you've heard this debate nationally and
Democrats in Georgia are gonna weigh in
on it tonight and it's this idea of is
the strategy in the Trump air and going
forward for Democrats especially in a
state like Georgia where they have been
winning is it we change the electorate
we try to bring new voters in we try to
excite voters who haven't been voting or
is it hey these folks these especially
more conservative moderate white voters
who voted for Trump who typically vote
Republican do we try to win them into
the pool I saw Britt let's put that
picture up again if you will Alex I saw
and it was Stacy Evans the one yes the
16 Tories and she had 16 homes in this
extraordinary story so she's the more
moderate Stacy Evans embodies the
choices Democrats traditionally have
made in the last generation or so in the
south you think in Georgia remember it
was Michelle Nunn a few years ago it was
Jason Carter
the moderate candidate trying to reach
out to those white voters who typically
vote Republican the case that's made by
Stacey Abrams her opponent is hey we
Democrats we keep trying that it keeps
failing we keep coming eight to ten
points short in Georgia right let's try
to go to our core voters let's try to
energize and let's try to get more of
them out let's try to expand the pie
that way we saw it was oh and by the way
I don't know anything about this
campaign but I do know that that
advertisers still the strongest I've
seen all year so so give us an overview
about what's happened so far in this
election cycle which way of the
democrats gone I know the last election
they went more progressive more the
Bernie route but overall what have they
done yeah no I think they're still
figuring it out but there's a couple of
races today where the d-triple-c sort of
weighed in early and maybe they're
they're going to get rebuffed in a way
but maybe they've already made peace
with I'll give you an example in
Kentucky there's one congressional
district in Kentucky we may end up
talking about this fall it's around the
Lexington area the sixth district and
this has the highest concentration of
college degrees in Kentucky so you talk
about the suburban nights Brent who
Democrats think they can win over Andy
Barr's the Republican they're Democrats
recruited the mayor of Lexington to get
into the race and now you can see it
right there
Amy McGrath a military veteran she
caught fire online she's raised millions
of dollars online in this thing and now
there are some indication she may have
the momentum we don't know we don't have
polling here there's some indication she
may have the momentum in this thing she
may be able to win this thing and the
Democrats in Washington who initially
backed McGrath recruited him into the
race maybe they didn't end up okay with
that and we have a similar situation
down in Texas the most the marquee race
in Texas for the House this fall is
going to be in the Houston area the
seventh district were Democrats there
they weighed in against the candidate
there she is Laura Moser
if she wins today there now some
indications Democrats may say you know
okay well we'll go with that so if she
was one who in the in the preliminary
demos eliwood some Oppo out there
waiting again I Newt a week before my
campaign announced to everybody Joe
Scarborough can not win his we're gonna
get to this ticket in just a minute but
when I ask you have we seen a reaction
from Democrats in 2016 that's been more
the argument this microcosm in Georgia
more the argument that we need to get
back to the middle and sweep up those
voters who flip from from Democrat to
vote for Donald Trump or are we seeing
as a theme that they're going harder to
energize the base I feel like we're
seeing two sort of simultaneously
different things from Democrats number
one is when you go into these individual
districts they have shown a willingness
to nominate a Connor Lam who dis himself
from the Pelosi you know Joe Manchin
didn't have much of a problem getting
RINO mandated in West Virginia so
individual districts and states in Trump
country I think you're seeing that
there's a different question here though
I think what the national message of the
party is what is the emphasis who are
the faithful yeah and are you seeing
they don't they don't have enough yeah
they they have no clue nationally they
just don't but by the way that's how it
usually works out well in don't have a
clue and but but one thing you are
saying you're seeing a lot of military
can't former military people and they're
doing it the way they're supposed to do
they're really a district by district by
district by district and there's some
really impressive Democrats out there no
and what you're saying is the way it
usually goes there's a theory about
politics and I tend to subscribe to it
that in a midterm year yeah you don't
need that national message you focus on
these individual districts there's this
tendency of the electorate to check the
president so you can do very well it's
in 2020
where it becomes a question of who has
emerged nationally what voice is emerge
now so where's the party then you come
on tomorrow because we are at least
could you look tonight I don't know how
late your nights gonna be but I'm really
curious to see how Donald Trump's uptick
in the approval rating the tightening of
the congressional ballot how that's
driving energy among Democrats and
Republicans because you've always been
able to tell in the past
I remember the year Obama won in 2008
Democrats in every race we're getting
two hundred thousand four hundred
thousand more voters in other races
statewide leading up to that election
have you seen any trends there yeah I
know I mean if Pennsylvania is a good
example so you had the primary in
Pennsylvania just last week in in 2016
in the presidential race more folks took
Republican ballots is a statewide yeah
that Bernie racing on the Democratic
side view the Trump race Republicans won
the turnout battle and Trump won Penn
what's happening the more Democrats
voted in the primaries this year now of
course the obviously there's a lot more
can incumbent members of Congress and
Pennsylvania and Democrats that you've
got these other factors but you did see
a turnout flip there and we've seen this
in a lot of places where if you're
looking to turn out to give you a clue
so far it's weighted more on the side of
Democratic pretty easily yeah and it
varies by state and again it a lot of it
is these these locked in patterns where
Democrats of you know state like West
Virginia we just had Democrats still
have this registration advantage there
even though it's become such a trump
Republican state you see hunt jump in
sure I I'm interested to talk to the two
gentlemen who are proposing that they
they run in a bipartisan way for
governor of Florida primarily because I
would like to hear what both of you have
to say about President Trump and if
you're on the same page there and how I
mean is there anyone in the respective
parties how on earth can you get a
coalition together in this day and age
that would send you to the governorship
when you you you assume I would think
you would have to take a stand so
Casey's killing the job hamlet in the
first act right there as a sitting
member of the House I went to the well
of the house and I called on Donald
Trump to drop out of the presidential
race after his Muslim ban I have been a
critic of him as the leader of the party
and the leader of the country and I can
say that as a Republican who wants to
remain a Republican you're conservative
and I'm a conservative sure ACU rating I
have no idea no heritage in the thirties
but I don't know look I I represented an
Obama leaning district and I was a
Republican who talked about marriage
equality and climate change in the gun
control and all these other issues not
to adopt the Democrats position right
but to say you can be a Republican that
approaches traditional Democratic issues
offer solutions and win is that okay
well as a moderate you know fiscally
responsible Democrat I want this
president to succeed like all of us
however watching what's happened with
him it's pretty obvious that that's not
working out for our country and on the
heels of this last conversation what a
Democrats want where are they going
where is the country going you know when
you look at what's happened recently
President Obama ran on a message of
change anyone right then President Trump
ran on this message of the outside are
going to shake things up he's the
business guy gonna tear it up people
didn't like him because he was a bully
they like them because they thought
they're gonna get result
and that's exactly what we are proposing
here is that as a Democrat any
Republican working together we can open
up this conversation to more people and
actually get results done and get
legislation that's going to last not get
something done and then two years later
it's repealed by the next administration
that comes in and we believe there's a
lot more middle ground that we agree on
than we disagree on so when will the two
of you decide whether to run or not
we've got two or three weeks before
qualifying but an important point is
this we've seen a precipitous drop in
trust in government Edelman has measured
it and says outside of a national
security moment this is the largest drop
in trust in government we've seen for
solutions too often we conflate being a
moderate with being bipartisan and there
are two totally different things right
being moderate as an ideology being
partisan suggests that everybody has a
home but we're talking about doing is
creating a place where everybody has a
voice a ticket where everybody has a
voice if you're a progressive a
conservative if you're down the middle
create a ticket where everybody has a
home 90% of the issues as a country we
agree on everybody's access to health
care and control better teacher pay
protect the environment those aren't
partisan so it sounds like for the most
part you guys are both consider
yourselves economically conservative
socially moderate yes true yeah yeah I
mean for the most part I still have some
very traditional conservative leanings
but what I know is that the dogma
crushes all of us right right so let's
create a place where everybody has a
voice just real quick background knew
that we've spent the last year touring
the country basically talking about why
Congress is broken but it's not that
they're all bad people or dumb or lazy
necessarily there are structural
problems ripping us apart the
gerrymandering and the money and the
lack of relationships and the cameras
that are always on people that have
become actors and you all you all are
running his independence know everything
for hither ethically a battle could be a
Democratic nominee I'd be a Republican
running mate some have said they would
sue us to try to kill bipartisanship
we've had parties and candidates suggest
you can't do this the Florida Code and
the Constitution is silent on it we have
a legal opinion says you can do it I
would anticipate whether we do it or not
the Republican legislature in the spring
actually tries to change the law good
good luck with United you talk about
Steve you know clearly not aligned with
the Mogga side of this I'm just curious
either one of you are you comfortable
would you be comfortable saying either
one of yous part of the resistance
well I resistance in its own unique way
that we care about getting things done
that we care about results in our
country we care about you know solving
these problems expanding Medicaid and
then helping teachers get better pay and
making sure our students are safe in
schools and making sure our environments
protected getting the things done that
and you know some people would argue
President Trump said he was going to do
but of course has changed course on that
former congressman Patrick Murphy and
David jolly
thank you thank you guys Steve stay with
us still ahead Donald Trump spent the
entire 2016 campaign attacking Hillary
Clinton for her unsecured email was
really bad was because because you could
actually pose I don't mean you could
expose methods you could expose the
question is that would be for is he
making a similar mistake
there's no reporting about just how
risky Trump's cell phone uses and the
night don't just mean the tweeting which
is obviously a huge risk
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
