but this is Maggie Trump who is being
investigated for obstruction of justice
by a just Department of Justice
appointed Special Counsel consulted with
his personal lawyer on his order to the
DOJ to investigate the investigation
into okay let me there Willie why did
you go to your personal attorney why did
you go to your White House Counsel
that's why they're there this deals with
the Constitution this isn't a pornstar
payoff this has to do you know with the
Constitution of the United States and
upholding checks and balances that
Madison gave us 1787 well two things
he's not interested in the checks and
balances that Madison gave us and the
second part is this is a political
strategy this isn't about the
Constitution this is about trying to get
him out of trouble and to create a
diversion from what Bob Muller's looking
into okay
welcome to Morning Joe as we back into
everything this morning it's Tuesday May
22nd with us we have MSNBC contributor
Mike Barnicle
fellow in global and comparative yeah
Mike by the way not to keep interrupt
but we'll ease you know Mike backed into
a garbage truck yes all right fellow and
global and comparative politics at the
London School of Economics Brian Clough
are the twins doing he's out with a new
book not good not good wait wait wait
what's happening with the twins well
they had a good start to the season and
fell apart what's happening well they
won yesterday now in the 8th they came
from behind so that was good but the
yeah overall it's a disappointing season
for Minnesota Twins fan Ryan's book how
to rig an election we're gonna get to
that this morning oh I like that
cover and in Washington here we go NBC
News Capitol Hill correspondent and have
of KCDC on MSNBC Casey control it's just
weird so you wanted to start the show
difference so I came in you know Willie
and I you know what we do before the
show right yeah well we go and then we
go down to the orphanage and we do that
worked at least but on the way up from
the orphanage
I just I saw there was guy Benson had
tweeted out
hey listen I'm all for investigating
what we need to investigate the guy
Benson so there's one one thing that
keeps bothering me that is if the deep
state was really conspiring to elect
Donald Trump I just I can't sort through
this why why did they keep the
investigation of Donald Trump private
before the election but of course come
he sent out the letter 10 days before
him I gotta say if that in fact was the
deep state trying to play puppet master
really bad at what they do and the New
York Times and this is one of the few
times will say this a New York Times
editorial board thinking much like guy
Benson they write this about Trump V the
Department of Justice and it looks at
the facts they write quote there was a
sophisticated multi-year conspiracy by
Russian government officials and agents
working under direct orders from
President Vladimir Putin to interfere in
the 2016 presidential election in
support of Donald Trump by the way full
stop right there guys full stop Donald
Trump's Intel Chiefs that he put in
place I'll agree with that fact let me
continue if the American law enforcement
and intelligence communities warned the
Trump campaign during 2016 about this
multi-year effort by Vladimir Putin to
rig America's elections which all of
Donald Trump's Intel chief said they in
fact did and they asked both campaigns
do
horde anything suspicious no kids you
may have heard the department of
homeland security after 9/11 say if you
see something say something
that's what the Intel communities did
here they told the Clinton campaign and
the Trump campaign a there's a
multi-year effort by the Russians to
interfere with America's 2016 election
if you see anything anything at all
that's suspicious
this is obviously very dangerous one of
our sworn enemies trying to influence
the outcome of the presidential election
let us know guess what the Trump
campaign did campaign did nothing to the
contrary rights in New York Times at
least 7 Trump campaign officials met
with Russians or people linked to Russia
and several seemed and seemed seems to
be actually a passive way to write this
seemed eager to accept the Russians help
as the FBI became aware of these
contacts it began to investigate and yet
the bureau went to great lengths to
shield this investigation from becoming
public even before the election even as
James Comey then the FBI director spoke
openly about the investigation into
Hillary Clinton's private email server
these facts write the New York Times and
I'm sure guy Benson and Trump's own
appointed Intel Chiefs are not in
dispute so the question has to be Brian
Claus
how does Devin Nunez with a straight
face
how does Mark Meadows with a straight
face
how does Rudy Giuliani with a straight
face say the sort of things that Donald
Trump wants them to say when it is
beyond debate that everything the guy
Benson at the New York Times said all of
us have been saying for some time all of
these things happen the Russians weren't
trying to interfere the FBI was warning
both campaigns the Trump campaigns that
we've not been seeing anything even Mike
pencil
I you through his teeth after the
Trump's were sworn in lying through his
teeth saying we never spoke to Russians
well because they're orchestrating a
political campaign to politicize rule of
law in America and they're trying to do
it to save the president's skin even if
it means hurting American national
security even if it means eroding
democratic principles and institutions
and even if it means sacrificing their
own personal integrity that they've
tried to build for their careers right I
mean I think the strongest parallels
here really are 2014 in Turkey when
President Erdogan was facing a
corruption investigation he called it a
witch-hunt he said oh he was a victim of
the deep state
he fired prosecutors and that he purged
the deep hit the equivalent of the
Department of Justice this sounds really
familiar right and they chipped away at
it slowly day after day and that's what
I think we're in the midst of is
democratic decay where we accept new
normals that were previously
unacceptable by both Republicans and
Democrats and are now just daily life
and we go where's Paul Ryan where's Paul
Ryan where's Mitch McConnell something
you said yesterday we were just chatting
that's the most disappointing because
they should know better
you know Paul Ryan Mike pants are no
better they have all the angles all the
experience they absolutely positively
know better and have chosen to do the
wrong thing and instead Willie they're
lurching out on something that's never
been done here this is like the
constitutional version though of New
Coke it doesn't end well
this guy Trump he goes away not sure
exactly when but he goes away he leaves
a stain on the legacy of Mike Pence he
leaves a stain on the legacy of Paul
Ryan he leaves a stain on the legacy of
Devin Nunez he leaves a stain on the
legacy of Mark Meadows he leaves a stain
on the legacy of Mitch McConnell he
leaves a stain on the legacy of every
Republican who will not raise their
voice at a critical time it critical
crossroads for this constitutional
republic where the president the United
States is interfering with an
investigation into the president's
operation and Willie by the way this is
after the president's campaign manager
has been indicted this is after the
president's head of national
has been indicted in this cooperating
this is after the man that the president
said was one of his top foreign policy
advisers has been indicted and is
cooperating this is after one of the
guys that ran Trump's campaign helped on
the in the inauguration committee and
even was working the White House at the
beginning was indicted and is now
cooperating and how many Russians 13
Russian nationals three Russian
companies all indicted and yet Trump is
trying to interfere with actually one of
the most brutally efficient
investigations in modern US history and
Republicans are saying nothing and
clearly the president's worried about
what Bob Muller is working on because he
doesn't know exactly what Bob Muller has
is we talked about the other day Muller
appears to be three four five months
ahead of what we all know publicly when
you see those allegations about Middle
Eastern context during the campaign the
other day all these things that seep out
from behind the scenes these are things
we didn't know we're happening and
that's got to worry Trump and that's why
you see these diversions and why you see
meetings like the ones we'll see today
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
