and thanks to at home for joining us
this hour if you'd like to vote for
Susan to host the next Rachel Maddow
Show taking your calls live on the air
about gardening tips you can vote but I
can you can't do it all right um happy
Monday you know there's been a lot of
complaining public complaining by the
president there's been a lot of all
capital letters misspelled tweeting by
the president there's been a lot of
cheerleading by the president for people
who go on the Fox News Channel and make
arguments disparaging the FBI or Robert
Muller or the special counsels
investigation into the Russia issue
there's been a lot of noise a lot of
complaining a lot of yelling but if you
clear aside all that noise if you treat
this president and this administration
as a silent movie and you pay no
attention to what they say and you only
observe what they do it really is twice
now that the president has taken
official action as president to try to
thwart the Russia investigation the
first time was a year ago when he fired
the FBI director James Comey the
president later explaining that it was
the Russia investigation that was on his
mind when he made the decision to do
that so that was the first time you
didn't just complain or sort of squawk
about the investigation he actually did
something that was a year ago now a year
later for a second time he has acted
this time he ordered a Justice
Department investigation of the Russia
investigation he wants the people
investigating him to themselves be
subject to a DOJ investigation which he
is demanding the president has has made
a lot of noise he's expressed a lot of
opinions he has taunted and derided
people about the Russia investigation in
his usual way but when we're talking
about action we're talking about overt
actions he's taken as president using
the power of the presidency to affect
some sort of change when it comes to
that Russia investigation what happened
with him yesterday with him demanding
this investigation that's basically only
the second time he's acted overtly and
officially to interfere with the Justice
Department to try to effect that inquiry
that said to the extent that the Justice
Department has
interfered with at least a few times as
it has tried to conduct this inquiry
should also be noted that the Justice
Department hadith hasn't exactly been a
brick house here the Justice Department
itself has been swaying a little bit in
these prevailing winds not just in the
face of the president's actions but even
just his squawking even just his making
noise to put pressure on the Justice
Department and the investigation we saw
it first around the Comey firing you
might remember that Kobe's firing was
bolstered by a memo from Deputy Attorney
General Rod Rosenstein which attested to
a fictitious premise that call me was
being fired because he'd been so unfair
to Hillary Clinton in the Clinton email
investigation during the campaign we
know that was effective a fictitious
premise because we're not dumb but also
because within 48 hours of that memo
being released in Comey getting fired
the President himself went on NBC News
and said actually I fired comb because
of Russia the president also explained
to high-ranking Russian officials who
turned up at a surprise visit to the
Oval Office he told them that firing
Comey would relieve the great pressure
that had been on him over the Russia
investigation that's all over now I mean
the president was was clearly going to
fire James Comey he admits he was going
to fire him because of the Russia
investigation to try to thwart that
investigation given that why did the
Justice Department why did the Deputy
Attorney General rod Rosenstein
specifically have to help the president
with that by providing this false cover
story about Comey to make it seem like
Comey was being fired for some other
reason why did the Justice Department do
that Justice Department also showed
itself to be responsive to pressure from
Republican members of Congress and
conservative media when they released to
Congress and to reporters personal text
messages between two FBI officials even
those those officials were still serving
at the FBI and and their personal
relationship and their text message
conversations were at that time the
subject of an ongoing investigation by
the department's Inspector General I
mean the Justice Department of all
agencies as well within its right to say
I'm sorry that matter is the subject of
an ongoing invest
Gatien the public will not have access
to any internal documents relevant to
that investigation until the
investigation is complete right of
everybody can say that when there's
ongoing investigations right but the
Justice Department in particular they
could have said that when it came to the
text messages between two FBI officials
but instead they just released the texts
gave them two reporters gave them to
Congress why did they do that it did not
have to do that Justice Department also
released James Comey x' memos that he
had written about his interactions with
President Trump before he was fired by
all accounts those memos are believed to
be key evidence in the obstruction of
justice inquiry into the president's
behavior that obstruction of justice
inquiry is still under way but the
Justice Department nevertheless handed
over that key evidence in the middle of
that investigation why did the FBI and
the Justice Department do that Justice
Department in the FBI also have shed
nearly all of the senior officials who
were corroborating witnesses for James
Comey at the time he wrote up those
memos when he was documenting his
interactions with the president because
those interactions were very irregular
they were seemingly improper Comey wrote
those memos to document those
interactions he confided in other senior
law enforcement officials at the time in
order to create a record of those
interactions with the president in case
it someday needed to be used as evidence
Justice Department and the FBI have
since shed or demoted most of those
officials tsukkomi confided him while
the president has led a systematic
campaign of attacking them one by one
often by name within the Justice
Department the inspector general
investigation into one of those
corroborating witnesses into FBI deputy
director Andrew McCabe that
investigation was inexplicably
accelerated to match a time frame
demanded by President Trump so Andrew
McCabe would not just get in trouble
from that IG report he would get in
trouble by a specific date that would
result in him losing his accumulated
pension from decades of service at the
FBI inspector general investigates all
sorts of allegations and issues within
the Justice Department and the FBI
there's there's no other known
instance in which they have pursued that
kind of an investigation on a
specifically accelerated time frame to
make sure they nailed that official in a
way that would inflict maximum public
humiliation and maximum financial pain
but the president explicitly demanded
that when it came to the case of Andrew
McCabe and that is what the Inspector
General did why'd they do that they
didn't have to do that Justice
Department also did push back initially
on demands from pro-trump
Republican members of Congress when
those members of Congress wanted to see
FISA warrant applications that were used
to obtain a court's permission to to
conduct surveillance on a former Trump
campaign aide named Carter Page the
members of Congress supporting President
Trump demanded to see those warrant
applications the Justice Department
initially pushed back
I mean FISA warrants and FISA warrant
applications that kind of information is
very very highly secret it's it's never
handed over they never even admit to the
existence of FISA warrants in public but
in this case they caved they handed over
those FISA warrant applications to
Congress as far as we know that is
totally unprecedented why did they do
that they did not have to do that
they've never done it before they also
hand it over to Congress what's called
the electronic communication which is a
very generic sounding name in this
specific instance it is a term of art
which means they handed over the initial
document we think it's a two page long
document that created the Russia
investigation at the FBI the initial
document setting out the investigation
and setting it in motion
Justice Department handed that over all
these things were handed over to
Congress all this information about an
ongoing investigation that the Justice
Department nevertheless decided to share
with Trump supporting members of
Congress in the middle of that
investigation and there's no Rihanna ste
we're being realistic here
there's no reason to believe that those
documents and that information only went
as far as Congress why wouldn't pro
Trump members of Congress just convey
that stuff directly to the White House
once they got their hands on it it might
help the president in his defense
if you're the subject of a criminal
inquiry imagine how helpful it would be
to have access in the middle of that
investigation to the prosecutors theory
of the case when they open their
investigation into you to have their
physical written documents about what
they were coming after you for I mean to
have the supporting materials that were
shown to a judge in order to justify a
surveillance warrant against somebody
who was working for you yeah that would
be very helpful if you were the subject
of a criminal investigation to have a
kind of window in the middle of the
investigation into the prosecutors
approach and their evidence and their
strategy I mean the Justice Department
incrementally piece by piece has just
been handing all of this stuff over and
when they hand it over to pro-trump
members of Congress presumably those
pro-trump members of Congress are just
directing that stuff to the attention of
the White House and the president and
his legal team so they can help him in
his case none of this is the way things
usually are done and honestly however
this all shakes out what's already been
done by the Justice Department in the
past year and a half will inflect
forever any future assertion by the
government that they can't hand
something over because it pertains to an
ongoing investigation forever now there
is a rejoined er to that oh yeah look
what you did during the Trump
administration look at all that ongoing
investigative material that you hand it
over
they've already broken those norms for
the Trump presidency
why have they done that I don't know but
but even with that very difficult
history of the last year now the Justice
Department is crossing yet another
Rubicon when the president demanded
yesterday that the Justice Department
opened an investigation into the way the
Russia investigation has been conducted
the Justice Department responded
instantly by saying yes sir will do
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosenstein
announcing right after the president
tweeted his demand yesterday Deputy
Attorney General rod Rosen Stein
responded that in fact yes the Justice
Department would direct the Inspector
General to investigate the president's
latest claims that there's something
terrible and improper about the Russia
investigation into him and his campaign
it was only three weeks ago
that rod Rosenstein
there's dramatic public remarks at in
the event in Washington where he
insisted that the Justice Department
will not be extorted he gave an eloquent
series of public remarks about the
importance of the rule of law and the
Justice Department maintaining its
independence and not bending to any
external pressure or threats but now
three weeks later rod Rosen Stein and
the Justice Department are letting the
president and his supporters in Congress
cross another line in the sand to it to
encroach on and in some ways get access
to this ongoing investigation that
really is about him and his campaign and
it's not like a seating these demands is
buying them all that much breathing room
after Deputy Attorney General Rod
Rosenstein announced that he would tell
the inspector general to start
investigating the president's new claims
about the Russia inquiry well the
president today summoned him summons
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein
and the director of the FBI summoned
them to come to the White House to talk
about this matter I mean to step back
from that for a second under normal
circumstances it would be astonishing
for the President to summon the head of
the Justice Department in the head of
the FBI to come to the White House to
discuss the ongoing case against him but
that is what happened today it wasn't
like a meeting with the White House
Counsel it was the president calling
them up there to meet with him to talk
about the investigation into him and
then it appears to have gotten worse at
least it appears to have gotten worse
we're not totally sure what happened
there after Republican members of
Congress for several weeks now have been
demanding that the Justice Department
should also give them all information
that the department has concerning a
confidential source who reportedly made
contact with three people on the Trump
campaign who were believed to have some
sort of contact with Russian agents
while Russia was interfering in the
election I mean even even in the
abstract that kind of information is the
holy grail for the Justice Department in
the FBI right you don't you don't out
your confidential sources if you do why
would anybody ever be a confidential
source for the FBI ever again you don't
reveal the identities of
sources who take action and collect
information surreptitiously for the FBI
or for the CIA
you don't expose them because you don't
want to endanger those sources you don't
wanna blow any investigations they might
be part of in an ongoing way that's
supposed to be sacrosanct right well in
this case Republican congressman Devin
Nunez the head of the Intelligence
Committee in the house his subpoena for
information about the confidential
source that talked to members of the
Trump campaign his subpoena reportedly
demands all information that the Justice
Department has related to that
individual which means what Devin Nunez
has demanded from the Justice Department
is not just the identity of that source
and what actions he has taken on behalf
of the US government while operating in
a covert capacity that subpoena would
also appear to be an effort to pry out
of the Justice Department whatever
evidence he turned up whatever
information and evidence that informant
was able to turn up when in fact he
talked to people on the Trump campaign
about Russia what Russia was doing the
Justice Department has been sliding down
the slippery slope for months handing
over the kind of information they never
release about ongoing investigations but
the identity of a confidential source
all Justice Department records about
that source the evidence that source was
able to turn up in an investigation that
is still ongoing you're gonna hand that
over to people like congressman Nunez
who is absolutely going to turn around
and hand that to the president whose
campaign is being investigated here I
mean that's insane he was a senior
official on the truck transition he was
a part of the Trump campaign you're
gonna give him this documentation this
never the kind of information you never
hand over about any investigation you're
going to hand it to him in the middle of
the investigation that's insane after
rod Rosenstein and Christopher Rae the
FBI director were summoned to the White
House today the White House
communications director then released a
sort of vague statement which implied
that that that this insane eventualities
had come to pass quote it was agreed
that White House chief of staff John
Kelly will immediately set up a meeting
with the FBI the Justice Department and
Director of National Intelligence
together with congressional leaders to
review highly classified and other
information they have requested review
highly classified and other information
they have requested that mean the
Justice Department is gonna slide
further down the slope today and
actually hand over this information that
Nunez has tried to subpoena from them
this information on their confidential
source and whatever evidence he gathered
in the Trump campaign we don't really
know here's how the Washington Post put
it tonight I thought they summed up the
ambiguity here pretty well quote the
significance of that statement was not
immediately clear Justice Department
leaders have fought vigorously against
revealing to Congress materials on the
confidential source it was not clear
whether they had backed down from their
position I would now allow Republican
leaders to look at the documents and
whether there would or whether they
would simply be a follow-up meeting for
further discussion so the Washington
Post is saying okay they had this
meeting there's summoned to the White
House for the president to talk to him
about their about his case then
afterwards are setting up a meeting
where members of Congress are going to
get this information they're demanding
what are they actually gonna get we
followed up as well with the Justice
Department tonight to find out if in
fact the Justice Department is handing
over the documents that Nunez has
subpoenaed on this FBI confidential
source Justice Department spokeswoman
Sarah is go Flores clarified to us
tonight that the the exact word choice
the specificity of the White House
statement on this is important and put
that statement back up there yeah so the
White House statement said specifically
that this meeting will be set up with
congressional leaders to review highly
classified and other information that
they have requested
information that they have requested is
not the same as documents that they have
requested and the Justice Department
spokesperson information is different
than documents okay so it sounds like
Justice Department the FBI and the
Director of National Intelligence have
agreed to maybe brief congressional
leaders maybe describe information to
them about this confidential source but
not hand them pieces of paper not hand
to them
comments' related to this source which
is what Republicans have been trying to
get so that's where that's where we
think we are at least that's the insight
we have into the ambiguity tonight
bottom line how's the old rule of law
holding up how are the institutions of
law enforcement in this country and
counterintelligence holding up against
pressure from a president and his
supporters in Congress who are leaning
on them with all their might sort of
depends on how you look at it right now
either rod Rosenstein and the Justice
Department are pursuing a strategy of
appeasement which never works you keep
giving in to increasing demands for more
and more information and more and more
compromise of the Independence of the
department and it'll never be enough and
all you do is make yourself weaker with
every new concession with every new
unprecedented encroachment on the
investigation and its integrity bad or
from the sunny side of the street maybe
they're playing three-dimensional chess
maybe rod Rosenstein and the Justice
Department are pursuing a strategy of
strategic flexibility maybe but they
make it look like they're giving in so
the president eases up for a second at
least nobody has to resign in protest
and nobody gets fired and they all get
to live to fight another day
but really these concessions they're
making these allowed intrusions are more
carefully calibrated than we can tell at
first glance and they're really not
doing too much damage to that to bolster
that Sunnyside way of looking at it you
should look at the statement that
Rosenstein actually made when he gave in
to the president's demand that the the
Russia investigation itself get
investigated the statement from
Rosenstein was really spectacularly
specific the investigation he ordered is
supposed to determine quote whether
there was any impropriety or political
motivation in how the FBI conducted its
counterintelligence investigation of
persons suspected of involvement with
vel Russian agents who interfered in the
2016 presidential election that's the
investigation that he ordered after the
president's tweet
so on the one hand he is giving into the
president's tweeted demand for a new
investigation on the other hand he's
confirming in his statement that the FBI
was engaged in a counterintelligence
investigation of people who were
suspected of involvement with the
Russian agents who were interfering in
the election at the time and those
people who were the subject of that
counterintelligence investigation were
on the Trump campaign it's kind of
actually good to have that all laid out
in black and white that's all confirmed
now okay and honestly if he's confident
that there wasn't any what does he say
impropriety or political motivation and
how the FBI conducted that investigation
then maybe it's not given away much to
allow the Inspector General to look into
it
how do we know how do we know whether
rod Rosenstein is doing the right thing
is there something about the way he and
the Justice Department are acting that
can tell us whether they're being smart
and strategically flexible to protect
the Moller investigation to insulate law
enforcement from the worst of what the
president and his allies have in mind or
are they just giving away the store
giving in caving and leaving us with a
new world right from here on out where
the Justice Department is expected
evermore to hand over FISA warrant
applications to hand over live evidence
from ongoing investigations to brief
members of Congress on their
confidential sources and the evidence
those sources turned up in highly
sensitive investigations that have not
yet come to their natural end I mean
that's the precedent that is already
created forevermore by the behavior of
this Justice Department under this
president during this investigation was
that all given away for nothing has this
all been pointless appeasement or is
there some genius at work here how do we
tell joining us now is benjamin with us
he's editor-in-chief of law fair mister
witness it's nice to have you with us
tonight thank you for being here
thanks for having me it's
oversimplifying to say appeasement
versus strategically flexible genius but
with the with the understanding that
that's an oversimplification do you come
down clearly on one side or the other of
that actually I don't think it's a
particularly simplification I think it's
pretty accurate and
I'm gonna throw you a curveball and say
I think what they're doing is both I
think they're I think they are in an
impossible situation and they're
handling it by making a whole lot of
incremental adjustments and
accommodations that set terrible
precedents and that are on their own
terms really bad rotten deals and they
are also playing for time to give them
all to protect the Mahler investigation
they're keeping their eye on the big
picture which is that they have a major
investigation to protect whose integrity
they need to protect and that needs time
to finish its work and whether at the
end of the day the more important
component is what you call the
appeasement or the more important
component is the the tactical
rope-a-doping that allows the that
allowed that buys time for Muller and
that protects that investigation I think
we're just gonna have to wait and see to
find out but I think you know I am at
once very uncomfortable with the
accommodations that they're making and
very sympathetic to the situation that
they find themselves in and with that
understanding is there something that
you feel like absolutely cannot be
traded away that there is something that
feels to you like like like a Rubicon
once you've gone there there's no coming
back there's nothing that's worth
trading away for that is there is there
one thing that you're watching for in
terms of something that should be seen
as a breaking point yeah there are two
but one of them unfortunately isn't up
to them so one of them is whether the
executive branch turns over material
about a confidential informant to
Congress for purposes of discrediting an
investigation of the president I mean I
I think that is that is an unthinkable
thing to do the problem is that that's
not really up to them that's actually up
to Donald Trump whether you know whether
the executive branch which is Donald
turns over that information is really
his decision to make unfortunately the
one that is up to them
you know is whether the Justice
Department launches a a criminal
investigation as distinct from from you
know kicking something to the IG of
based on a fantastical conspiracy theory
that the president and and his
supporters dreamt up and for the FBI to
open a real investigation of such a
matter is a Rubicon that they really
must not cross and that's really what
the president demanded and I think what
rod Rosen Stein was trying to do in
kicking it to the IG was to deflect it
both in the way that you're describing
but also you know kicking something to
the IG is a little bit less it's it's a
lot less of a step than opening an
investigation in a formal criminal sense
benjamin witness editor in chief of law
fair always clarifying to speak with you
sir thank you very much for being here
good talking with you alright
lots to get to tonight the news gods
filled a reservoir of news over the
course of today and over the course of
this weekend
swim across it with us when we get back
stay with us hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
