this weekend the near chimes revealed
another meeting at Trump Tower in which
representatives of foreign governments
apparently offered to help the Trump
presidential campaign The Times reports
that Blackwater founder Erik Prince
arranged the meeting on August 3rd 2016
with Donald Trump jr. Jorge nadir who is
an emissary for two wealthy Arab princes
and Joel zamel who is an Israeli social
media specialist according to The Times
quote Nader told Donald Trump jr. that
the princes who led Saudi Arabia and the
United Arab Emirates were eager to help
his father win election as president the
social media specialist Joel's mo
extolled his company's ability to give
an edge to a political campaign by that
time his firm had already drawn up a
multi-million dollar proposal for a
social media manipulation effort to help
elect mr. Trump the time says dr. Don
junior responded approvingly according
to a person with knowledge of the
meeting The Times ads quote after mr.
Trump was elected mr. Nader paid mr.
zamel a large sum of money described by
one associate as up to two million
dollars Donald Trump juniors attorney
released this statement on the meeting
prior to the 2016 election Donald Trump
jr. recalls a meeting with Eric Prince
George nadir and another individual who
may be Joel's mo they pitched mr. Trump
jr. on a social media platform or
marketing strategy he was not interested
and that was the end of it Eric Prince's
role in arranging the meeting
contradicts his under oath testimony to
the House Intelligence Committee in a
way that sure looks like perjury
according to the transcript of that
under oath testimony Eric Prince had
this exchange with Congressman Tom
Rooney astronomy okay so aside from
writing these papers donating supporting
in a mr. Prince yard sign in my yard mr.
Rooney yeah so there was no other formal
communications or contact with the
campaign mr. Prince
correct genna's now Bryan class fellow
in global fellow global politics at the
London School
of economics and the co-author of the
new book how to rig an election to be
published tomorrow and David Frum is
back with us and Brian your reading of
this new report of the meeting and Trump
Tower well it's a pattern of
disqualifying behavior and unconvincing
denials from the Trump camp it speaks to
their willingness to at least attempt to
collude with foreign actors in the
election and I also think it talks to
the state the fact that they are
actually willing to use business
interests with groups like Saudi Arabia
and the United Arab Emirates to
potentially influence foreign policy
remember last June that Trump attacked
Qatar on Twitter for example which is a
rival of both the Saudis and the
Emirates
and you know now we have to wonder is it
because of this behaviour and because of
these meetings and so I think what's
clear is that there's this pattern of
willing to collude whether or not they
succeeded right they certainly tried and
I think that's something that is
disqualifying even if it is not illegal
David Frum I there's so much to talk
about here but the one point that jumps
out at me is just the casual ease with
which Eric prints perjures himself in
testifying about his interactions with
the campaign saying nothing other than
the lawn sign and and contributing and
something and and here he is right in
that meeting Donald Trump jr. confirming
today through his lawyer that Eric
Prince was in that meeting well here
that is astonishing and here a couple of
other things that leap out at me from
the story the first is notice the
disparaging way that UAE and Saudi
talked about Jared Kushner notice how
Jared Kushner is doing business shortly
thereafter with gutter it looks like
what's going on here is a bidding war in
which gutter is placing its chips on
Jared Kushner and Saudi Arabia and UAE
are trying to buy their way into Don
junior and it's not that the campaign is
for sale is the kind of auction with
different different countries putting
buying different properties on the Trump
Monopoly board
I think Jared Kushner probably comes at
a higher price than Don junior the the
other thing that is her striking is a
name you didn't mention that is Elliott
Brody who was a business partner of
Jorge nadir and many people were may
remember him
because he's the man who although he
usually hires very sophisticated lawyers
hired Michael Cohen to deliver funds to
a woman with whom Eliot Brody said he
had an affair and had a baby had a baby
who's then aborted by the woman and the
very next day after the first of those
payments issued Eliot Brody got a White
House meeting with President Trump in
December of 2017 there are a lot of
suggestive pieces here in this puzzle I
think this is a this is a meeting that's
going to reward a lot of rich study in
the days ahead well it's not congressman
Adam Schiff said about it if these facts
are accurate it demonstrates yet again
just how not only willing but eager the
president's son and the Trump campaign
were to solicit to receive a foreign
help receiving soliciting using foreign
assistance is a crime you're not allowed
to get the help of a foreign government
friendly or unfriendly and Brian it's
not at all clear the what wrong from jr.
knew about the legalities of this yeah
but that's not an excuse for a major
presidential campaign and I think one of
the things if we zoom out from this
story if you think about the drip drip
drip of these stories of foreign
influence in the election if they all
dropped at one time we would have been
shocked we would have realized that this
campaign had engaged in this qualifying
behavior that meant they were they
should be nowhere near America's
national security nowhere near America's
secrets nowhere near the integrity of
our elections and yet because it's sort
of every few months a new story comes
out the Trump Tower meeting of July the
Trump Tower meeting of August these
things are building a pattern that
should really shock us and I think
unfortunately we're becoming numb to
this pattern of disqualifying behavior
and every single time they deny it and
then there's more reporting and it
becomes clear that they're lying and
then eventually they acknowledge it and
again the goalposts movement so I think
we need to be aware that this is not
acceptable for anyone who is trying to
become the president of the United
States to behave like this or for their
family members to behave like this in
the run-up to a presidential election
cars were networks wall well said that
it what worries him about this as it
seems that the word got out to more than
one country about the vulnerability of
the Trump campaign let's listen to that
what is so unusual are the number of for
nationals who were reaching out to the
Trump campaign I think part of what was
going on here is that the candidate
himself was inviting Russia to attack
and other countries started to see well
this guy he's open to doing business
with anyone he's transactional he's
gullible so maybe we can get our
interests before him and so he is almost
inviting them to come and make these
different approaches David from your
reaction to that well Rudy Giuliani said
well what about the rest of the world
well the rest of the world I think has
stories to their stories about Japan
making special favors to Ivanka Trump
during the transition and China of
course was taught was sought out in the
transition as an investor in Jared
Kushner's doom building on Fifth Avenue
David Frum thank you for joining us I
really appreciate thank you hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
