I begin this morning we've got so much
goin on but we'll start show with the
sudden resignation of nikki Haley yeah
David Ignatius doesn't really seem to be
much of a reason for nikki Haley to
resign at this point there was talk that
she was going to go through the end of
the year but in a resignation letter
which was dated October 3rd ambassador
Haley said she was proud of what she'd
completar team accomplished and after
quote 14 straight years of being in
public service she's looking forward to
running or to actually returning to the
private sector I think that was a
Freudian slip like suppose because it
sure seems like she has been if there's
been anybody that the White House has
been worried about running in a primary
in 2020 it would be nikki Haley and as
you look back at her service I think she
is one of the few members that has
remained independent and is stuck pretty
steadfast to a traditional u.s. foreign
policy position Joe she's the rare
person in the Trump team who's managed
to really keep her reputation her
dignity your sense of Independence
entirely intact we sometimes say people
who get touched by Trump come away
tarnish diminished that hasn't been true
with with with nikki Haley she has a
good sense of timing and you could say
this is just the right moment for her to
say time for me to move on to other
things I read this announcement
yesterday's as her campaign announcement
for 2024 I don't see her running in 2020
I don't think any Republican thinks he
or she really can take on Donald Trump
right now something should happen to
trump if there's some catastrophic of
that legal otherwise she's
well-positioned I think the other thing
to say about nikki Haley is that with
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo with
National Security Advisor John Bolton
there was a little more lien on her
during the Rex Tillerson period when
Tillerson was so reticent it's almost
invisible
Nikki eilat the UN was really the voice
of American foreign policy publicly
that's not true now and I'll bet that's
also a factor you know Willie
there was always has been talk about
Nikki hailey running possibly running in
2020 David Stockman 2024 if my theory
holds Donald Trump won't seek
re-election and this way she's not
lining up behind Mike Pence she's
getting out in front of everything and
if if you get out before the midterm
elections which could possibly go pretty
badly well then that stains not on you
you were already on your way out
yeah she's 46 years old she's got a lot
of road ahead of her now she's got two
years of foreign policy experience that
she can talk about if she ever does
decide to run for higher office and
Susan you were writing about this last
week before we had any idea that nikki
Haley was was gonna leave that she
should she you say should jump in in
2020 I think it more like Joe says as a
safety valve
maybe if President Trump something comes
up in the Russian investigation for some
reason he does not run again she could
be there but she's not gonna primary
Donald Trump right I probably not but I
think she should be ready to we look at
Donald Trump's numbers he's always
around fort hovering around 40% and if
the Democrats take back the house as we
expected there's going to be an awful
lot of investigations we're gonna see
more on his taxes or we're gonna see
more in his business and never mind the
actual running of his government and the
Muller report so I think she my call to
her was be ready to go and weather and I
don't think she'll wait till 2024 and
the reason is is we've learned since
Barack Obama do you no longer wait your
turn in politics you take it when you
can and this will be her time I don't
think she'll wait till 2024 mica clearly
this is on the mind of nikki Haley
because in those remarks yesterday when
she sat next to President Trump she
introduced without being asked the the
concept of 2020 said I'm not going to
run against Donald Trump in a couple of
years interesting I I do think though
you don't wait Donald Trump out you step
up and get in his face
and maybe she will you never know
they're all thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
