joining me now is Cara Eastman that
Democratic candidate who won her primary
last week by about a thousand votes
congratulations on your win Cara thank
you so much this is not necessarily a
left-leaning district you are the more
progressive of the candidates there is
some concern for the Democratic Party
that you're gonna be a little bit too
progressive for this district what do
you say well it's I think that's an
interesting narrative and as it turns
out in our campaign we knocked on over
60,000 doors and the policy issues the
things that we've been talking about are
the things that the voters are telling
us they care about so those are things
like health care education the fact that
people are drowning in student debts the
environment and the economy these are
all things that most Americans are
concerned about and deserve to have a
representative who's going to fight so
that they don't have to be so concerned
about these things anymore so you
support support Medicare for all you
support raising minimum wage raising
taxes on corporations and the wealthy an
assault weapons ban free college tuition
for families making less than 125 grand
a year and free Community College for
all Bernie Sanders plan as well
marijuana decriminalization and ending
the electoral college when you've been
out talking to voters what is the
reaction are you do you think you're
gonna be able to convince conservative
voters in that district to to get on
board with a progressive candidate who
supports things like that well I think
that's one of the reasons why we were so
successful because we were talking about
the things that people care about I'm a
social worker by trade I run a
non-profit and the stuff that we are
concerned about right now especially
around health care and the reason I'm
running is because of my mother's own
health care bills being so outrageous
these are things that voters at the
doors were telling us that they cared
about people are scared to have their
kids go to school my own daughter is
afraid to go to school after the
parklands shooting they seem very more
common sense than liberal or
conservative and actually some of the
policies that we're putting forward
especially medicare for all would save
the country quite a bit of money I do
want to get a lightening round on on
some of your views in just a moment but
I want to go back to health care for
just one moment
the the plan that you support is is
larger just than Medicare for a certain
portion of people or what the Health
Care Act says right now this is a
Medicare for all so everybody in the
country would be getting a an upgraded
version of Medicare what do you say to
those who currently like their insurance
plan and and would not want to leave it
well I understand that and I think that
it's easy to say if you get private
insurance through your employer that you
like that plan and I get that I run a
small business where we spend forty
thousand dollars a year to provide
health insurance to our employees
because it's the right thing to do but
we have to understand the incredible
economic benefit that removing
healthcare from places that really
shouldn't be in the healthcare business
would have on our economy and how that
would be such a huge boon so again it's
very easy to talk about how these ideas
might seem a little out there but I
think the reality is people are what
people are talking about is that they
are drowning in bills because of their
health care they're drowning a
prescription drug costs and they need
policymakers to understand that and to
fight for them let's talk about guns
again you you support a ban on assault
weapons what about the assault weapons
that are that are already out there look
I am just concerned about the safety of
our kids and I think that our children
are being braver than policymakers when
it comes to these issues they are some
low-hanging fruit when it comes to
common-sense gun safety regulation and
we need to acknowledge that there are
responsible gun owners out there but we
also need to keep guns out of the hands
of people who are going to use them in
the wrong way and so universal
background checks would be a very easy
policy to enact and it's something
that's supported by the majority of
Americans that's not quite what I asked
you support an assault ban assault
weapons ban what do you think about the
assault weapons that are already out
there would you want them to be turned
in I think if we could create some sort
of buyback program that that would be
great okay on abortion should there be
any limits on abortion I support a
woman's right to choose and I do not
believe that the federal government
should tell women what to do with their
bodies I think women are capable of
making those decisions those are really
hard decisions to make but they should
be made between a healthcare provider a
woman's family and her faith and we
should leave it to women to decide
because women should have the right to
choose I want to get a couple more on
immigration would you agree to funding a
border wall in exchange for a deal on
danke I think we look the border wall is
not something that we need we can't
really afford it it's not the right
solution to any of the problems that we
have with immigration I do support
comprehensive immigration reform but I
think also we need somebody who's gonna
stand up and fight for dreamers so I
would prefer that we didn't use dreamers
as political playing cards and we need
to separate out those issues but the
dreamers right now come first and
perhaps there are some better pieces of
compromise that we could be looking at
and then should President Obama have
signed the Iran deal talking about
foreign policy
I support the Iran nuclear deal I think
we need to be very careful when it comes
to the proliferation of nuclear weapons
in the in the world and but right now
I'm especially concerned about the
haphazard policies coming out of the
Kermit the current administration and
the way that this is positioning us in
the world car eastman thank you so much
for joining us and thank you so much for
answering honestly in arms and our
lightning rounds we appreciate it
absolutely it's an honor to be here
thanks good luck out there hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
