joining me now is been with us
editor-in-chief of law fair and an MSNBC
legal analyst Bennett is really great to
see you good to see you what do you make
today of the president meeting with rod
Rosenstein I had Alan Dershowitz on a
little bit earlier today and he usually
is a big defender of the president and
his actions but even he said that this
is a meeting that the president probably
shouldn't have without his lawyer
present if the president is gonna go off
script and talk about anything other
than what it was initially said the
meeting was going to talk about which
was not on this investigation well so
I'm I mean the I found disturbing the
president's the White House's statement
after the meeting in which you know on
the one hand the President does seem to
have backed down from from his threats
yesterday by tweet to demand an
investigation and rod Rosen Steinem and
chris ray appear to have persuaded him
to accept what they did yesterday which
was to sort of refer the matter to the
Department of Justice Inspector General
on the other hand however the the
president does seem to have gotten in
that second half of that statement the
Deputy Attorney General and the head of
the FBI to agree to under certain
controlled circumstances share these
highly sensitive materials that they've
been balking at sharing with
congressional leaders and and I you know
I gotta say I think that's pretty
disturbing I want to point out that that
second part of the statement because
that's what stood out for me too it was
also agreed that White House chief of
staff Cali will immediately set up a
meeting with the FBI DOJ and D and I
together with congressional leaders to
review highly classified and other
information they have requested right
now there is a fight about what do J and
the FBI will hand over to congressional
leaders part of that fight was who the
informant was in the Trump campaign
Trump calls him a spy the FBI would call
more of a command
or a source the identity of that person
is something that the FBI does not want
revealed because it can set off a slew
of other problems with other sources
going forward when you wouldn't you have
them meeting with congressional leaders
is that I mean are we entering a
scenario where that name is gonna be
coming out shortly leaked I mean look
the the name has you know ostensibly
already come out I think the Justice
Department does not want to release
information about the individual and I
think the principle that you know you
don't give up information about you know
highly sensitive information about
people who have cooperated with federal
investigations and federal intelligence
activities is a very important one for
the department to protect and it is not
the sort of material that that the hill
normally demands except of course when
Congress is trying to discredit an
existing federal investigation as it is
here and the fact that the president is
assisting Congress in doing that for his
own political benefit because of course
the investigation is an investigation of
him is extremely disturbing what about
the other news that's come out over the
weekend that Donald Trump jr. also had a
meeting with more representatives of
foreign governments not just that Russia
meeting that he had in June but a
meeting in August with representatives
or people purporting to be
representatives from Saudi Arabia and
the United Arab Emirates including Eric
Prince do you think that this could be a
distraction to try and take the focus
away from this story well I mean I think
the first of all the question of you
know maybe we should make a list of the
foreign governments that did not
approach Donald Trump jr. and offer help
in the election because the list is
getting shorter and shorter I
know what to make of that story it
appears to be the that it appears that
the mauler investigation is at least
asking questions about about you know
that meeting and and those activities
it's not clear what came of any of that
stuff and so I think we're just gonna
have to see on that and as the
investigation progresses been witness
thank you very much for joining us
thank you hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more Meet the Press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
