welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios a and
the co-founder of Axios Mike Allen Mike
good morning to you talk to us about
access as one big thing today
well happy Monday and the Axios one big
thing is the greatest growing threat to
America and that's China which has very
specific plans for 2025 for 2050 to be
the dominant economic and national
security superpower in the world and
between their scale their size their
population and the fact that they can
coerce their population they're acting
on this with infrastructure plans on
continents around the world the belt and
road initiative and plans to eat our
lunch on AI and the other technologies
of the future let me ask you about what
if any plans this president Trump have
to try in combat China strategies to
displace the United States on top of the
economic world and possibly even at one
point the military well president Trump
is getting up about now he might well be
watching us and he's making his 20-25
2015 today the United States in general
and this might have some particular very
short term planning which is what leaves
this huge opening for China so for a
politician who's coming along either
party president Trump has showed that
China can be a unifying bull villain on
trade but a smart politician could make
China the unifying villain across all
the topics the matter looking ahead
getting people to act on infrastructure
on immigration on 5g and on next
generation education I think one of the
most interesting things that Mike in
your note was was the title the numbers
don't lie really showing how fast China
is growing with respect to United States
can you talk to us a little bit about
those numbers yeah this piece just
popped up on Axios comments by Axios CEO
Jim VandeHei and what we're seeing is
that China is on track to eclipse the
United States in the size of the economy
with
with money and riches come power of
course but we're also seeing growth and
investment in the technologies that are
going to shape the future so already
we've seen China moving ahead of the US
and some of the AI technologies and
they're ambitious about going ahead with
other technologies whether it's
autonomous cars or any of the
technologies that we think of as the
future China is investing and has a very
specific plan to corner those basic
technologies by 2050 I just want to
quickly read these numbers China
controlled 4% of the global economy back
in 2000 and the u.s. controlled 31%
today China has 15% in the u.s. 24%
let's switch gears for a moment let's
say I want to bring it I want to ask you
actually if you don't mind about Paul
Ryan for a moment because yeah you have
some new reporting on the likelihood
that Paul Ryan could be replaced that
Speaker of the House before he actually
steps down at the end of the year when
his term is up what are your sources
telling you yeah we've seen speaker Ryan
lose a series of battles anytime the
Year a lame duck you're weaker when
speaker Ryan announced that he would not
be returning his allies saw that coming
now we're seeing the possibility of
moderate Republicans joining with
Democrats to force a vote on the dreamer
legislation a daca if that happens there
could be I guess we could call it a
counter or revolt another revolt by the
most conservative members of the
Republican caucus the freedom caucus and
that's exactly how John Boehner lost his
grip on power all right of course you
can read all the numbers that he has
been there was citing my count thank you
very much and as I was saying you can
read all those details in the new acts
Asin that's coming out in just a little
bit to all of our viewers out there make
sure to sign up for that newsletter at
access com
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
