President Trump taking the fight to
another level tweeting that he will
demand that the DOJ look into whether
the FBI or the Obama era Justice
Department infiltrated or surveilled his
campaign for political purposes the DOJ
has asked the inspector general to
expand its current review to include
finding out whether there was any
political motivation into how the FBI
conducted its counterintelligence
investigation this stems in part from
recent reports that an FBI informant
spoke to three Trump campaign associates
during the campaign that happened only
after the FBI had evidence that two of
the three had suspicious contact with
Russians
the president's lawyer Rudy Giuliani
tells NBC News the informant must have
been in the campaign orbit someone
likely low-level the president's new
actions shouldn't necessarily come as a
surprise late last year he told Michael
Schmidt at mar-a-lago quote I have
absolute right to do what I want to do
with the Justice Department meanwhile we
have a new clue as to when at least one
part of Muller's probe will wrap up Rudy
Giuliani says Muller will finish the
obstruction portion by September first
Giuliani also tells NBC News they intend
to write a counter report that may or
may not become public depending on the
special counsels findings back with me
on set a senior writer for Politico and
co-author of the Politico playbook Jake
Sherman and joining us Pulitzer
prize-winning White House bureau chief
for the Washington Post and MSNBC
political analyst Phillip Rucker
former political director for Hillary
Clinton's 2008 campaign and co-chair of
Priorities USA Guy Cecil and senior
fellow at the Brookings Institution and
MSNBC legal analyst Benjamin Witness Ben
I want to start with you because I'm
hoping you can help cut through all of
the noise that has come as the president
has seized on these reports and begun
tweeting about what what happens with
the Department of Justice what
significance do you think is or the what
what should we take away from what Rosen
Stein did tonight issuing a statement
saying okay we're willing to add this to
our investigate
so it's clearly an attempt to head off
the president's promise demand for a
full investigation of these allegations
that you know have been kind of floating
around whether it'll work of course
remains anybody's guess the president
tweeted today that he was going to
formally demand tomorrow that the
Justice Department investigate the set
of things and whether whether the Deputy
Attorney General saying well you know
we've asked the the IG to include a look
at they're gonna have to go further well
I don't know I mean that that that
requires that you sort of inhabit the
mind of Donald Trump which is a you know
a place that I don't try to spend a lot
of time you know where he will be
tomorrow is anybody's guess if he is
serious about demanding what he tweeted
that he was going to demand that is a
very very scary thing Phil Rucker used
to spend a lot of time at least
reporting on of President Trump and you
tweeted earlier today the presidential
order to investigate the FBI secret
Soros forces a showdown with DOJ and if
DOJ does not comply with the order
things could get very very messy that's
right and that's the expectation talking
to senior folks in the White House
they're concerned about how messy this
could become because Trump's not going
to stop with what he tweeted today he
has said through Rudy Giuliani he's not
given a direct order yet but he has said
through his lawyer that he wants the
Department of Justice to release these
records that congressman Nunez and
others on Capitol Hill have been
requesting that would reveal new
information about the secret FBI source
it's our expectation that at some point
President Trump may order the Justice
Department to do that if he or at least
them publicly to release them to
Congress which in effect would be
releasing them publicly
that's something the Justice Department
has so far said they're not willing to
do there's a bit of a standoff now
between Trump allies in Congress and the
DOJ and and this could be a series of
Domino effects
instigated by the president that could
become very messy for his administration
there could be a refusal at the DOJ for
example to follow that order which could
result in a resignation potentially
that's where this could all end up and
there's there's a great deal of concern
in Trump's orbit about that how how
frustrated are people in Trump's orbit
with Jeff Sessions the Attorney General
in this context and with rod Rosenstein
well the president is sort of always
upset and frustrated with the Attorney
General I think others in the White
House recognized that he's doing his job
at the Department of Justice and and
realized how difficult the situation is
but they know the president's not
satisfied ooh with with where things are
right now and he's gonna keep lying at
this and he's got Rudy Giuliani out
there a couple of steps ahead of where
the president is so far indicating where
things are going to be going Jake
Sherman do you think if in fact the DOJ
was forced to give these documents to
the White House would would newness and
company leak them I mean how quickly
would it would we see them I don't want
to accuse any member of leaking things
as soon as they get them but I think
Phil rightly points out if it gets the
hill it will become public almost
instantaneously and I want to put this
in the context of Capitol Hill right if
this if there is some sort of showdown
between the White House and Department
of Justice it's gonna cause a big rift
on Capitol Hill in a place that's
already filled with rips and on one side
it'll be Nunez and meadows and Jordan
and all these conservatives that have
been banging this drum for a long time
and then you'll have Republicans who
will say this is actually improper and
the president shouldn't be doing this
stuff and we need to kind of wrangle
control the White House and duo which is
Congress's responsibility and Congress
the Republicans do not need another
issue to be split over right now and
this would be a huge issue for them guys
so what are the ramifications for
Democrats in the context of this I mean
I'm sure you're gonna have a lot of
people who'd be very eager to jump on a
lot of it but I feel like the pressure
from leaders right now is hey just just
let this play out one of the challenges
especially with the House Intelligence
Committee is that every time information
leaks or is given to them it comes out
on the most in the most partisan manner
a Nunez writes memos that prove to have
multiple interests seized and what it
really does is bogged
Democratic members of the House and the
Senate in responding to those things
instead of expanding the investigation
instead of continuing a bipartisan
search for the facts the last thing that
we should be doing I think is responding
to anything that begins with J Rudy
Giuliani told us or asserts that or
thinks that because we've seen multiple
times those just don't prove to be true
a significant portion of the time how
how much anger is there among Hillary
Clinton associates that I mean we
learned essentially in this reports on
Friday that you know the Trump
administration had opened this
counterintelligence investigation the
FBI excuse me to open this
counterintelligence investigation that
they were working with informants and
that the Americans went to the polls
without knowing this while Jim Comey of
course right before the election went
out and talked about the email server
look I always think you can find Hillary
Clinton associates that are angry about
something related to the 2016 election I
think most of us want to just get to the
truth and we want to move forward
because ultimately I think a lot of us
believe that once we see a full review
of the facts they're going to accrue to
the president's detriment and that's why
you see these tweets these tweets are
not a source of strength they come
bluster comes because you're insecure
the luster comes because you're worried
about what's coming next and you want a
nice shiny object to point everybody to
so we avoid getting to the bottom of it
hmm Benjamin what is what what is your
sense big picture of what the FBI DOJ
was doing if you know it according to
these reports and The Times in the post
what's the historical significance of
that I think it's actually really simple
and a huge amount of smoke is being
thrown up to obscure what is actually
really simple which is that the FBI
picked up signals that Russia was trying
to infiltrate a political campaign and
they began a counterintelligence inquiry
to protect the American political system
against infiltration from a foreign
adversary intelligence actor and they
used very standard investigative
techniques to do that the investigation
appears to have been properly predicated
and what is happening now is a
systematic attempt to discredit the
mauler investigation
casting doubt on the origins of this
very unsurprising action that the FBI
would have taken and properly took when
indications that a foreign adversary
power was trying to penetrate a
political campaign and recruit people
within it hmm meanwhile top House
Republican leaders are striking
contrasting tones on the Muller
investigation here's my question with
House Speaker Paul Ryan this week and
then Steve Scalise earlier today take a
look
recently the vice president told Andrea
Mitchell that he thinks it's time for
Muller to wrap it up do you agree with
the vice president well I think he
should be free to do his job but I would
like to see it get wrapped up of course
I mean we want to see this thing come to
its conclusion but again I've always
said he should be free to finish his job
you don't think it should be accelerated
i it's been a year my guess is he's
probably coming to a conclusion I can't
speak for that you got to ask them that
the FBI needs to get their house back in
order they need to stop going running
around on witch hunts and focus on their
main objectives and that's helping keep
this country safe Jake Sherman you spent
a lot of time covering these two
gentlemen in their head indeed is this
simply explained by the fact that Steve
Scalise is maybe kind of sorta in a
leadership race for speaker to replace
Paul Ryan I thought it was interesting
that Ryan was so careful to walk that
line after you know the vice president
in particular came out and said hey Moe
needs to wrap it up yeah Ryan it seemed
to me in listening to that that Ryan was
trying to keep up with the times and
keep up with where the rest of the party
was going on this issue he has he's
taking a consistent position from the
beginning that the Moller investigation
needs to come to a conclusion in a
natural way not in a you need to finish
it now type way Scalise is farther right
than Ryan and farther right than
McCarthy and he is a of the ilk of Mark
Meadows and Jim Jordan and those other
guys and yes he's in a leadership race
against he's always trying to get to
Kevin McCarthy's right and frankly to
everybody's right and that's what we saw
right there I do want to say one thing
about Giuliani what he's done is he's
created a political
construct where if this doesn't wrap up
by September it's already in everyone's
heads that it needs to wrap up by
September I don't think just looking at
it from a midterm perspective which
everybody is and will undoubtedly 535
members of Congress will be thinking
about it in that way too it's basically
how they think about life right anything
from now on can be viewed as impacting
the midterm elections I mean we're not
that far out people are already
campaigning there's already races around
the country kind of coming into full
bloom so I don't think I think that if
anything happens between now and
Election Day if he does issue some
report it's gonna have a huge impact in
November you guys seem so quickly
what's your unsolicited advice to
Democrats who are running for up for
reelection or who are challenging
Republicans incumbents on this timeline
question I mean should they be out there
saying you know talking about it or
should they kind of try to steer clear
and as you pointed out before talk about
other stuff I mean from my perspective
all of these issues around Moeller and
all of the associated things related to
it are getting plenty of coverage we're
not spending a lot of time on set
talking about health care or the impact
of tax is or whether or not premiums are
going up we're talking about teachers
strikes in sept right in the midst of
them and so my advice the candidates
have been pretty consistent let the
investigation go forward make sure it's
investigated in Capitol Hill on Capitol
Hill and in the Muller investigation and
then talk about other things talk about
health care talk about taxes talk about
gun safety because ultimately there's
nothing more you're gonna add in a
30-second campaign commercial to this
conversation that's gonna help you get
elected there are a lot of issues that
Americans care about that you should be
talking about that will help you get
elected fair enough
Jake Sherman thank you very much I
really appreciate your insights tonight
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
