after the first three shots no one even
moves where people are like what was
that and they're like they don't know
and then after that we heard more shots
than the teachers scream to just to run
so everyone started running taking off
when I heard four more shots and you
know jumping this dude's fence and then
we ran to the car wash and then some
girl you know she got shot in the
kneecap apparently and she was limping
towards us
those were just a few of the
heartbreaking recollections of Friday's
mass shooting at Santa Fe High School in
Texas ten people eight students and two
teachers were killed when a 17 year old
gunman opened fire the State Department
confirmed yesterday that among the
victims was Sabiha shake a Pakistani
exchange student here's one of su pikas
classmates describing the last time she
saw her they all ran into the closet so
Biko was with me and all the other
people that were able to make it into
the room and we're all
the doors and then the shooter was
trying to come in the classroom he just
came out of and was coming to the closet
that we were in so we all ran but I
didn't see her I didn't look behind
Sabiha shake was just 17 years old Jake
Sherman we are having this conversation
yet again this year and nothing in the
wake of all of the shootings we have sat
here and discussed nothing has happened
in the Congress and it seems as though
that's likely what's gonna happen again
yeah that's right but I will say I do
notice and you probably noticed this too
but there is a sentiment among
Republican members of Congress I think
it's a creeping sentiment that they are
on the wrong side of this so many
Republicans have told me off the record
that they are worried that they are
losing a generation of voters who are
growing up in these in this climate
where school shootings are regular that
no one that I've spoken to on Capitol
Hill there are a few who believe there's
really no one that believes arming
teachers is a solution to this there's
no federal there's no way Congress will
pass anything like that so what do you
do and I think that's the question a lot
of Republicans are grappling with I had
one Republican tell me and I think it
was on the record but I'll leave it off
the record just out of an abundance of
caution if Trump took a consistent
position on this which is we need to do
something and here's what I want to do
it would it could get through Congress I
think that people are waiting for that
and he's gotten close to that line but
then walks it back and then goes in
another direction right well the last
time he tackled this he sort of went a
little too far on one particular issue
and it spooks a lot of people who do
support gun rights I want to show our
viewers to your point about the
sentiment on this issue changing here
was the Republican governor of Texas
talking about this shooting take a look
we need to do more than just pray for
the victims and the families it's time
in Texas that we take action
to step up and make sure this tragedy is
never repeated ever again
mark lottery that's language that
Democrats have been using more often
than Republicans but this is the second
time we've seen Governor Rick Scott in
Florida also a Republican did the same
thing and then the question is what do
you do I mean that that's their means
saying we need to do something but but
you need to identify what it is that
you're going to do because if we're
talking about the proposals following
the tragedy in parkland none of those
things would have stopped the tragedy in
Santa Fe because it wasn't a it wasn't a
semi-automatic or an assault rifle there
it wasn't a bit something not something
a background check would have caught
because this is a this is a teenager who
it was illegal for him to have a gun he
got them from his father or took them
from his father who legally obtained
them it's illegal to sawed-off a shotgun
it's illegal to take a gun on a school
and it's illegal but none of those law
stopped this and so what can we do I
think question I think Republicans are
struggling with a broader picture here I
think they are struggling between the
influence of the NRA and the growing
sentiment among young people that the
gun culture in our country needs to
change and while for a long time the NRA
support has sustained them in a very
appreciable way they are understanding
that there is a groundswell of change
and they're trying to sort of seems
trying to moderate or move their message
a little bit I don't think that the
changes are going to happen in Congress
or even in the state houses it's gonna
happen with the culture of the country
and if the Republicans find themselves
on the wrong side of that they'll have
big problems for a long time to talk
more about this I want to bring in
former education secretary under
President Obama Arne Duncan
secretary Duncan also served as the CEO
of Chicago's public schools now he's
managing partner at the Emerson
collective mr. secretary is very nice to
see you tonight thank you for your time
good evening thanks so much for having
me let's start where we left this
conversation off a you are pushing for
and you can explain this as well
students to essentially say I'm not
going back to school unless I feel safe
do you think it's at the point where the
groundswell might be enough politically
because it's affecting such a wide
Raye of students of children in america
that there could be significant changes
on something that's been so calcified
here in washington well i think we have
to create attention that hasn't existed
yet and i think only that kind of
creative tension can push people to
confront an issue that they've been able
to run away from to hide from for so
long i think again we're just at a fork
in the road as a nation either this body
count this loss of life the killing of
innocent children is acceptable or it's
not if we decide is unacceptable that we
have to do some things we have never
done before because everything we've
done to this point has been a failure
has been ineffective so it's time to
think much more radically it's time to
do things very differently if we want to
break through and make just not our
children but every citizen of America
much much safer than they are today so
what should be done I mean there there
is and one of our panelists has raised
the point that you know every time
something like this happens
legislation is proposed that's often
targeted to you know change a database
or ban a bump stock but at the end of
the day those measures in the in the
most recent shootings women deal we've
have dealt with would not have have
stopped in this particular situation if
even those small changes can't get
through I mean how is it possible that
something more sweeping could could be
done well again we have to be much more
radical than we ever have so we can't
just keep doing the same things so
teachers have walked out and and head
strikes for it to raise pay which is
absolutely the right thing to do our
young people that by Florida have walked
out it's time for us as parents it's
time for us to step up we're failing to
protect our children and say enough is
enough enough something has to happen
and you think about again it's a radical
idea it's controversial it is
intentionally provocative we think about
as we go back to school after Labor Day
with the November elections just right
behind that what if young people were to
say we're not going back to school what
if young people and their parents would
work together to try and get major
legislation passed and if it works
fantastic if it doesn't hold those
elected officials accountable we have to
do something so different that we've
ever done if we expect different results
what
would you propose the legislation should
include that could stop these things
it's very simple and again it's not
gonna stop every shooting your points
well-taken but there's some basic things
that are you know wildly supported
across the political spectrum today
criminal background checks banning
weapons of war assault weapons putting
money into the the impact of gun
violence and research behind that those
are things that are universally backed
it would be so be so effective in
reducing many many shootings and I have
to say I get so frustrated when people
say well we should just harden schools
here's my here's my question here's my
retort to that how do we harden recess
how do we harden dismissal time how do
we harden bus trips tougher question
harder how do we harden summer
places like right here in Chicago where
we see violence is way too high we can't
do that we have to do something
practical about guns about the easy
availability of guns the United States
has four percent of the planet's
population and 42 percent of guns and
the level of violence the level of heart
bank heartbreak the level of tragedy is
directly proportional to this is the
universal access to guns to anyone who
wants them are there any school safety
related measures that you would support
or that you would urge Democrats to
support proposals for example about
fewer entrances and exits other basic
things that have been applied to our
airports and other and other places yeah
but that's all tick around the margins
let me be clear
ninety nine more than ninety-nine point
seven percent of people killed by guns
last year we're not in schools so we
could talk about school safety but we
have to talk about movie theaters we
have to talk about concerts we have to
talk about malls we have to talk about
people who are worshiping in church we
have to talk about congressmen who are
playing baseball at baseball field so
all of that again is this minor is
tinkering it's almost a smokescreen we
have to look at the real issue and I
will say that our young people led by
students from parkland Florida south and
west sides of Chicago
June 15th are going to start to lead a
march from start to fan out across the
country do voter registration do town
halls and our young people hopefully
coupled partner with us as parents have
to step up take the country in a
radically different way this level of
car
this level of heartbreak it's just
unacceptable we just cannot continue we
have to do something radically different
as a country and we are of course
already seeing heightened voter
registration numbers among young people
Arne Duncan thank you so much for your
time tonight really appreciate it thank
you hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
