now they're thinking about impeaching a
brilliant jurist a man that did nothing
wrong
a man that was caught up in a hoax that
was set up by the Democrats using the
Democrats lawyers that was all made up
that was fabricated and it did to
straight so you heard the word hoax
there president Trump talking about the
nomination fight surrounding justice
Cavanaugh employing that go-to phrase
when he encounters a problem and that is
to label something a hoax you know you
can talk all you want about Russia which
is all a you know fake news fabricated
deal it's a Democrat hoax that was
brought up as an excuse for losing an
election this was a really a hoax
created largely by the Democrats the
Russian collusion hoax to hoax then they
go after us for a Russian a hoax it's a
witch hunt hoax I have nothing to do
with Russia I never did that hoax it's
in your zoo it's called the Democrat
hoax it's a big fat hoax I have nothing
to do with Russia and just remember what
you're seeing and what you're reading is
not what's happening while it may seem
familiar by now the practice of labeling
something that is unproven as fake or a
hoax has its own real dangers one author
explains this in his book on tyranny 20
lessons from the 20th century in it
professor Timothy Snyder writes quote to
abandon fact is to abandon freedom if
nothing is true then no one can
criticize power because there is no
basis upon which to do so if nothing is
true then all is spectacle for more we
welcome back to the broadcast the
aforementioned Timothy Snyder a
professor at Yale University professor
Snyder started academically as a
Marshall scholar educated in the Ivy
League and an Oxford specializing in
Europe and the Holocaust originally his
latest work is the road to unfreedom
Russia Europe America will have you on
next time to talk about that book first
this $9 investment people can make you
in their homes and in their lives
specifically on what you have seen since
publishing this book fake news hoax the
danger of it yes the fake news is a
problem because it means you're trying
to govern from uncertainty what you're
doing is as president filling the public
sphere with fiction then you blame it on
the other side the Democrats are the
journalists and then you try to govern
from a position of confusion what I've
noticed is that the rest of the world
looks at this and is copying it it's
particularly disturbing in Germany in
Austria oh I've been spending some time
lately in German there's this phrase
lugan please' which is very disturbing
it's made a comeback the reason it's
disturbing is it's what it's what Hitler
said about real journalists you said
real journalists were the lying
journalists with the most disturbing
thing for us as Americans is the reason
why it's come back lugan presa in german
is a direct translation of fake news in
english so what we're seeing is that our
own ways of undermining our own
democracy are starting to ripple
outwards here comes your new book into
this conversation so weaving together as
we watch the president arrived back at
Andrews from Iowa weaving together your
experience you can make a direct redline
tie from what is going on in the United
States to these terrible tales were
hearing in Europe
oh absolutely this is all one story oh
there's no such thing as American
exceptionalism what we do matters to
everyone else what everyone else does
matters to us the rise of
authoritarianism has been a story
throughout the West for the last decade
or so and authoritarians look at Trump
they copy his tactics the ones that work
they expressed their admiration for him
just as he expresses his admiration for
them the four modes in which the truth
dies open hostility to verifiable
reality shamanistic incantation magical
thinking misplaced faith how do these
all relate to the Trump presidency you
witnessed I wrote that before the
presidency started and I wish I could
say that all four weren't present but in
your show thus far we've seen all four
calling for example Rush
or the investigation of Russia a hoax is
denial of obvious reality its denial 126
million exposures on Facebook its denial
of the stolen emails which affected the
debates and the headlines it's a denial
of what the Russians themselves
basically admit at this point and then
shame monistic incantation those are
phrases that were tested like lock her
up precisely the things that have a
magical power to get us to forget about
what's actually going on Mexico will pay
for them yeah and there doesn't have to
be a wall there's enough to be a swamp
there just has to be a chant the thing
that makes us feel like us and forget
about the facts I can't thank you enough
for returning to our broadcast again
this is the book very simple on tyranny
written by a man who has just returned
from reporting on his next book and that
is Europe and that's the storyline we
just discussed sadly has a lot to do
with what we're witnessing professor
think it's it's my pleasure as always
for coming on our broadcast
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
