make no mistake Hamas is pleased with
the results from yesterday those who
suggest that the Gaza violence has
anything to do with the location of the
American Embassy are sorely mistaken
rather the violence comes from those who
reject the existence of the State of
Israel in any location after defending
Israel over the killing of dozens of
Palestinians by its security forces
during protests in Gaza last week US
ambassador to the United Nations nikki
Haley walked out of a Security Council
meeting as the Palestinian
representative was about to speak
meanwhile Palestinian protesters along
the Gaza border are vowing to continue
their campaign against restrictions
imposed by Israel in the latest protest
on Friday crowds were smaller due to
Ramadan but at least 23 people were hurt
since the protests began two months ago
more than 110 Palestinians have been
killed and more than 2,500 have been
wounded by live fire
joining me now MSNBC anchor a manmohan
team contributing op-ed writer for The
New York Times
well jihad Ali and Israel and Palestine
reporter no guitar nepal ski thank you
all for being here I'm gonna start with
you avin because you're just recently
back from the region you were there it
seems to me that nikki Haley walking out
on the Palestinian delegation it seems a
president I could be wrong but it seems
also like a message when you speak with
Palestinian leaders do they believe that
they now have any relationship with the
American with the White House or any
negotiating position where they will get
anything out of us well I think there's
there's two different tracks there is
the relationship with the United States
and the Palestinian ambassador to the US
has been very clear that his mandate now
has shifted to try to focus more on
grassroots efforts in the United States
to reach out to churches and other
organizations that are going to be
natural allies of the Palestinians to
try to create a political groundswell
here in the country against the Trump
administration in terms of what it is we
know black lives matter is already one
of the groups that is very separated
there are several other you know
organizations that they're trying to
reach out to on that level on a
diplomatic level I have not met a
Palestinian official over the last
several months of going this I started
covering this particular decision back
when it
was made in December on every trip there
has not been one Palestinian official
that said to me that they believe that
the United States still has a role to
play with this policy administration it
has gotten worse every single time and
this time the official statement that
came out from the Palestine Authority
said that the American decision had put
an end to the two-state solution that
they had pushed Israel over to a
full-fledged
apartheid state and so the reality that
the Palestinians now are waking to is
they no longer see a bilateral
american-led peace process they want to
internationalize this and see who are
the international players that can bring
to bear pressure on Israel to end the
occupation which remains at the core of
what this is all about and we're the
protests in Gaza more about the move of
the US Embassy to Jerusalem which sends
a signal about the u.s. belief of
whether Jerusalem should be a shared
City or was it about something else well
it was a convergence of things keep in
mind this actually started six weeks ago
and it was meant to time with a few
different important dates for
Palestinians including land day
including the neck pad day the day of
catastrophe so there were symbolic days
that day that Israel was formed out of
what had been the Mandate of Palestine
led to the mass exodus of seven hundred
eight hundred thousand Palestinians and
led to the refugee crisis there was land
a which had to deal with protests inside
Israel when Arabs were killed in the
confiscation of lands and home
demolitions so there's a lot of things
that they were protesting the last day
of that was supposed to be make 15th
which is the day of the catastrophe they
decided to hold a big protest that day
to coincide with the American Embassy to
have the symbolism as well as the as the
visual of showing the world that we are
still here and that's why the protests
were as as forceful as they were if you
want to use it or as large as they were
and be charged that's been made on the
Israeli side is that the protests
weren't authentic and that it was
essentially Hamas sending children to
the wall with the goal of getting them
killed there's a few different
components to that one is there's no
doubt that in any political environment
you will see that the governing
authority or the political party will
try to exploit it for its political
gains keep in mind that feta which is
the party that is representing of the
Palestinian Authority they too also said
that they had representatives there but
when you have and we had our reporters
on the ground there when they were there
what they saw was that there were no
Palestinian factions flags this was a
movement that began online that
certainly the Palestinian political
parties attach themselves to to lend
credibility to so there was that but the
more important thing I think when people
say that is that they don't understand
what Hamas is as an organization in Gaza
they use it as a blanket like hey
they're all terrorists right Hamas is a
political organization is a military
organization or a terrorist organization
it is also a social organization that
runs clinics and hospitals but
interestingly enough remember when they
took control of Gaza back in 2006 with
the elections and the subsequent take
over all of the civil society workers
that used to work under the Palestinian
Authority who had nothing to do with
Hamas right ultimately fell under the
control of Hamas so if the Israeli
government in the American government
uses this blanket statement which the
Minister of Defense has said that
everyone in Gaza is Hamas then you're
really just using a blanket statement to
justify the actions that you're taking
against the terrorist organization yeah
anyone who knows anything about Gaza and
I lived there for two years can tell you
that is a far cry from the reality on
the ground you don't even know if the
protesters there we're trying to break
out of control of living under Hamas I
mean they could have been like our life
is so miserable under Hamas we want to
get out of it and we also want to get
out of living under occupation yeah and
you can't get out of Gaza that's one
thing they can't take it out of anywhere
that salta mately you are living under
the rule of Hamas which is a strict
governing authority and you're also
living under the occupation of the
Israelis and you're living under siege
and you're living under a blockade
that's imposed by Egypt so take a step
back and understand what leads people to
this kind of suicidal tendency of
running at a border yeah it's heavily
armed so let me go up to know guitar
nepal ski on the other side of this
because when when I saw nikki Haley walk
out of that delegation what it said to
me as somebody who's outside of this
looking in is we don't want to hear the
Palestinian side we're only interested
in talking to Israel we're a hundred
percent on Israel's side and while
really every US administration has been
very very heavily pro-israel Democrat
and Republicans same in this case
there's not even sort of the fig leaf of
saying we want to be an honest broker so
if that's the case what message now does
the government of Israel have do they
now believe themselves to be in full
alliance with the United States with the
Palestinians cut out what
what do Israelis now think the United
States's role is high joy I'm think what
he's really thinking what the Israeli
government thinks is not necessarily the
same thing in terms of the Israeli
government I think that they hope and
wish that they are in complete alliance
with the Trump administration but every
once in a while cracks show up in that
relationship so there was a time a few
months ago when Netanyahu flat-out said
to his ministers that things with Trump
are complicated this is when ministers
were demanding an expansion of West Bank
settlements and felt that that some kind
of carte blanche from Trump and it's an
Yahoo showed at that point that he had
it clear that the president's position
visa via the Middle East was unclear too
fickle and I have to even say that in
the last week there were moments of real
oddity the ceremony that inaugurated the
US Embassy in Jerusalem had very little
to do with Israelis I think was
completely alien to any Israelis who may
have been watching and had everything to
do with the president's evangelical base
back home in the United States including
the preachers who gave the benedictions
and including really the way the whole
thing was handled for Israelis it was a
deeply alien alienating ceremony
yeah and in with all of that going on
what jihad alley you wrote a really
terrific piece it printed sideways on my
printer so I've read it sideways but
it's really in depth view it's called a
Muslim among Israeli settlers you
actually went to the settlements I want
to show this map because people don't
understand when you say settlements is
sort of an Amorphis thing but it's it's
the places that are in the West Bank oh
that's not the one that shows all of the
settlements in it this is would be 7-7
for my for my producers it just shows
how much of the West Bank and what would
be the state of Palestine is already
taken up by settlements by Israeli
settlements you went there and talked to
people give us a sense of what you heard
both from Palestinians and Israelis in
those areas right so on behalf of the
Atlantic I went to what is considered an
occupied territory
in the West Bank and also East Jerusalem
where there are 385 thousand Israeli
settlers in the West Bank and three
hundred thousand settlers in Jerusalem
and what's happening basically is
imagine Swiss cheese for your viewers at
home and the holes in the Swiss cheese
represent the settlements which are
growing exponentially especially in the
past 30 years and whatever is left that
brief piece of land belongs to the
Palestinians so for many of these
settlers when you talk to them it's a
diversity of opinions about why they're
there many say listen we want an
ultra-orthodox community people think
like us that's why we move to the sole
men's other people say we couldn't
afford property in Jerusalem other
people would say hey this is a good
quick Drive to Tel Aviv but for others
there's a zealot tree in ideology which
believes that the redemption of the land
from the river to the sea will bring
about the glory and sovereignty of the
Jewish people for some it will bring
about the Messiah for others their
secular ideologues to the right who
believe that we need to conquer conquer
literally and occupy all the land in
order to protect the nation State of
Israel but what you really see is that
the redemption of the land for some
namely Jewish settlers has come at the
utter shattering and humiliation and
frustration of the Palestinian people
and what I got out of it my conclusion
is that the land itself has become
almost a golden calf it's placed on a
pedestal where I fear that Jewish
morality ethics and even democracy might
not be able to touch it especially with
this Netanyahu government which and
everyone has done in the past few years
Naima could tell you it has moved to the
right the Overton Window of what is
acceptable has moved to the right and
enough Tilly Bennett and his party is
shifting an already right wing
government of negging Yahoo further to
the right and the Palestinians who were
living under occupation are suffering
and realizing wait what two-state
solution more and more settlements are
being built united states just moved the
embassy to Jerusalem part of Jerusalem
was supposed to be the the future
capital of Palestinians that's not gonna
happen anymore so this is just a mirage
and a facade and the only inevitable
outcome really is that this one I said
in the piece is Israel has to face
either a one state solution where it
absorbs all the Palestinians gives them
an equal vote fits them as equal
citizens or it essentially going on the
path where it is right now where it's an
ethnic nation state for Jews
with zero democracy and essentially is
an apartheid state Wow
this is an important discussion that
needs to be had we're gonna keep doing
this on this show thank goodness we have
a min here we now have our new friends
and watch what's a hot new friend thank
you thank you very much for being here
and Noga thank you very much I'm also a
friend of the show so we're appreciate
you guys we're gonna have to have you
guys come back and talk about this more
but I highly recommend reading which I
hats piece which is called a Muslim
among Israeli settlers it's in the
Atlantic I'll check it out thank you
very much
everyone and coming up trump's quest for
the nobel peace prize hits a snag that's
nice hey thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there for more am joy
and the rest of MSNBC and click on any
of the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
