no coordination no nothing it's a witch
hunt that's all it is the entire thing
has been a witch hunt and there is no
collusion between certainly myself and
my campaign
it's a Democrat hoax that was brought up
as an excuse for losing an election I
have nothing to do with Russia everybody
knows it
that was a Democrat hoax it was an
excuse for losing the election so the
witch hunt continues good morning and
welcome to am joy well it wasn't just
the Russians a new report by the New
York Times finds that months before the
2016 election Donald Trump jr. held a
meeting at Trump Tower to field an offer
to help his father win the election but
not the one you're thinking of that one
took place in June of 2016 and involved
multiple people from Russia this
newly-discovered meeting took place two
months later in August and included in
emissary for the Crown Princess of Saudi
Arabia and the United Arab Emirates
according to several people with
knowledge of the meeting the emissary
was Jorge nadir a former adviser to the
UAE with a shady past that includes a
conviction on a child pornography charge
in the 90s and who's now cooperating
with Robert Muller
Nader reportedly told Donald Trump jr.
that the crown prince's were eager to
help Trump win the election also in
attendance was Joel's ml and Israeli
specialists in social media manipulation
the meeting was arranged by Eric Prince
the brother of Secretary of Education
Betsy DeVos and the founder of the
controversial private security firm
Blackwater remember them from the Iraq
war according to The Times zimmel had
drawn up a multimillion-dollar proposal
to use thousands of fake social media
accounts to promote Trump on Facebook
and other platforms that remains unclear
whether the plan was ultimately executed
but The Times source said that Trump jr.
quote responded approvingly not sure if
he included if it's what you say I love
it
joining me now Clint Watts national
security analyst for MSNBC and author of
messin with the enemy surviving in a
social media world of hackers terrorists
Russians and fake news Jennifer Rubin of
the Washington Post Malcolm
executive director of the tear a
symmetric project and matthew miller
MSNBC justice and security analyst and
i'm gonna start with you on this clinton
so we have two meetings the trump tower
meeting with russians that involve
Donald Trump jr. Jared Kushner Paul
Manafort who was then the campaign chair
Natalia vessel nets kya Kremlin linked
Russian lawyer Ranaut op manechan who
was a former Soviet counterintelligence
officer working as a lobbyist in
Washington and a Toli summer Tom a
translator and a guy named Mike Kabbalah
as a business executive and Rob
Goldstone publicist that's meeting
number one June to months later another
meeting same venue Trump Tower this time
yep also Donald Trump jr. different cast
of characters though Eric Prince George
nadir this sort of shadowy weird
emissary for the UAE and joel's Amell
and I want to focus on him this idea of
social media manipulation because the
first meeting was about allegedly having
just dirt straight-out provided by
Russia about Hillary Clinton this one
was more on the social media
manipulation side which we've learned a
lot more about the Cambridge analytical
type stuff how extensive was you know to
your knowledge that kind of manipulation
and also how effective could that in
theory have been to move the election in
the direction of Donald Trump yeah I
don't know you know how extensive based
on this last meeting because it seemed
you know it seems there's some debate
about did they follow up on this or
actually do it but what's interesting I
think the motto of the group was called
shape reality which is fascinating
because what we've seen even before the
election at the election the Russians
kicked off the the way but now they just
run the tide we've got what I call
trolling as a service these companies
right that are using social media to
manipulate audiences to try and push
them towards a certain candidate or
against them and we see this even this
morning we were talking you know you and
I were talking before this use of
hashtags and themes what I call hashtag
hysteria to rile up an audience and try
and push them about things that could or
could not be true right and so this sort
of company this sort of set up it's
interesting that the campaign was
talking about America first seems to go
really far afield around the world to
find lots of assistance or take on lots
of options about influence in
manipulating Americans yeah they did see
to have a real interest in in this and
we should mention that I do believe
Jared Kushner was involved as sort of
leading the social media operation sort
of in in a big you know big picture way
so I mean the question is whether or not
the Trump campaign was being duped by
people who were claiming that this sort
of social media manipulation could help
them either to push people to vote for
Trump who are conservative or we know
that they also were trying at the same
time to push people who are very very
liberal to not vote for Hillary Clinton
were they being duped by people who are
over selling what they were capable of
doing or is this stuff really effective
it depends on the outfit and it's some
of both some of it's just digital snake
oil you know lots of charts lines and
circles but oftentimes though these
techniques have taken on full form and I
think we can see the effectiveness if
you just look at this social media
nation that's really formed around
Donald Trump part of him securing its
base no matter what the circumstances
are is they look at what he says and
write what you see first and what you
see the most or what you tend to believe
in his audience sees first what Donald
Trump as president says and the thing
they see the most is what he says he
repeats the same things over and over
again yeah insulates him in a bubble
where they can't tell fact from fiction
and so they go with what they want with
their empower what they feel passionate
about rather than the truth and so it's
a it's a dangerous thing for our country
regardless of just the 2016 away and
just to that very point Donald Trump is
up this morning on a tweet so I think
he's five or six tweets in I have them
all printed out here and he does seem to
constantly emphasize to his supporters
things are getting really ridiculous the
failed crooked but not as crooked as
Hillary Clinton New York Times has done
a long boring story indicating the
world's most expensive witch hunt has
found nothing nothing nothing nothing I
brushed had nothing nothing nothing
we're talking earlier this morning that
he also it's weirdly capitalized he's
constantly capitalizing things like
collusion no collusion and there's just
weird capitalization is this part of him
just saying don't look at that long and
boring story look at me look at me and
only listen to me focus on me we're here
you and me and we know there's no
collusion and that that's what this is
about the president his team have made
themselves the filter for the world for
their audience and they do that
capitalizing key words if you don't if
you just look at that tweet you don't
even read the source but you will you
will remember the capitalized words
that's why you capitalize them right
you'll remember the hashtags you'll
remember Hillary Clinton and it's
repeated so often that any evidence that
might be to the contrary is pretty hard
for you to look at in a balanced way and
really sort it out it's not much I'm
doing this because I eat of them seem to
be sophisticated in those sorts of
things to do that or is this a team
effort is this maybe someone else
tweeting in his name do we know there is
a great article I believe it's by Draper
at the New York or where he goes and
does a very deliberate breakdown of who
authors Donald Trump's tweets or how the
team has put together to do that it
sounds like Dan scavino might be the
person that does a lot of these sorts of
tweet yeah and I think when you see lots
of misspellings very confused kind of
rambling kind of like Donald Trump's
speech yeah in the middle of the night
or 11:30 p.m. that probably is the
president yeah those tweets it's hard to
tell which is which
yeah but that story by Draper doesn't
excellent it does it is very curious
that right in the morning when they know
that the morning is news shows like this
one are gonna be talking about him and
talking about this New York Times story
just came out last night they know
what's coming out and that's a very
interesting point about the capitalized
word that was loaded I bet in the
Twitter Canon last night yeah oh they
saw the article come out yeah you get it
ready you prep it what are our themes
gonna be yeah let's go with the standard
tweet Madlib of the president Hillary
crooked Hillary yeah you know servers
33,000 emails boom boom boom cut it out
and then let your audience do the worse
not paying attention capitalize words
guys alright Malcolm I want to bring you
in here because one of the interesting
things about this new meeting the Georg
nadir arranged meeting is that you have
the presence of Eric Prince now Eric
Prince did testify before the House
Intelligence Committee he claimed that
he only had incidental contacts with the
campaign that he may have met at some
campaign events but that he wasn't
involved we now know of at least two
meetings that he was involved one in the
seychelles that also involved talking
about you know things related to setting
up contacts with the campaign and back
channels and now this meeting what do
you make of it and the and so the
involvement of Eric print specifically
what do you make of that you know I used
to run into Eric Prince when I lived in
the United
of Emirates on it and you know while I
was doing security contracting all of
the stories about what he was doing like
running the new private security force
from Columbia for the crown prince of
the United Arab Emirates let's see him
every once in a while he was the kind of
guy that most Westerners wanted to stay
away from but all the Emiratis wanted
the panache of being around the
Blackwater guy it is not a surprise to
me that Arab prince was the go-to guy
for some secret operation to meet with a
Russian oligarch in the Seychelles along
with emerald emissaries of the United
Arab Emirates same thing for meeting you
know Jorge nadir who was working for the
crown prince of south of the United Arab
Emirates and King Salman of Prince
Salman of the of Saudi Arabia to have
also have Prince as an emissary in this
story also they like that mystique that
he provides and he builds himself as the
guy who can sell things he is not
unconnected with the campaign his sister
is the Secretary of Education he is
considered a player within that world
and for him to have been a liaison in
some way shape or form but either
Russian oligarchs the royalty crown
princes of Saudi Arabia and the United
Arab Emirates and this Israeli security
company that was providing shaping
reality perception management campaigns
is not inconsiderate what's most
important here I think about this New
York Times story is the fact that we
have a second full scale possible
perception management campaign that was
being run independent of Saudi Arabia
I'm sorry of Russia and which could in
fact be a completely new avenue of
Investigation for the Moller campaign
and and what we have it's not Jennifer a
completely new avenue of Investigation
for the House Intelligence Committee
because the House Intelligence
Republicans closed their Russia
investigation in March saying they found
no evidence of collusion no crimes
committed by anyone they investigated
they interviewed Eric Prince who may
have lied to them about how extensive
his ties were
they also didn't seem to be interested
in maybe discovering this new meeting
because this second trumped our meeting
never got involved it never came up they
just declared it case closed so what do
you make of the fact that they didn't
discover this when they supposedly were
investigating well they are in the
business of not investigating they're in
the business of helping the president
end or disrupt the meeting ironically as
you point out it may be that inference
is finally tangled up by testimony that
was untrue to Congress it is illegal of
course to tell Congress things that
aren't true and by saying oh I just
happened to be in the seychelles and I
just gave money I wasn't involved in the
campaign if he is lying that may be a
crime the other thing that they are
doing of course we haven't gotten to
that yet is in constant with the White
House they are attempting to out in fact
they have outed a secret source for the
FBI and an imprint and unprecedented
intrusion into an investigation a action
against the national security the United
States
it not only pollutes this investigation
but puts lives at risk
tells other security operations around
the world not to trust us it is perhaps
the most outrageous thing we have heard
yet from Devon Nunez and we've heard a
lot of things from him so that committee
in and of itself sure they have
constitutional protection but boy are
they not behaving in ways that are
consistent with their oath of office
yeah indeed Matt I mean that the the
result of that investigation if you can
call it that by the House Intelligence
Committee has only been two out and an
FBI informant who was helping the
national security interests of the
United States let's not mince words here
he was trying to discover apparently
whether or not there was for and
manipulation happening in an American
presidential campaign they've now outed
that person the New York Post is printed
in we're not gonna say that person's
name I'm not gonna help them out but
that is what they're doing and not
discovering stuff like this meanwhile
George nadir who is the other party to
this new meeting is talking George Nader
visited Moscow at least twice during the
presidential campaign for the New York
Times there's a confidential emissary
from Crown Prince Mohammad Abdu of Abu
Dhabi Court in people familiar with his
travels after the election he worked
with the crown
to arrange a meeting in the Seychelles
between Eric prints and a financier
close to Vladimir Putin of Russia and co
and people connected to mister smale who
is the guy who said he could do the
social media stuff also has ties to
Russia
one more thing Nader's been cooperating
with prosecutors working with Muller
since he was stopped in question in
January by FBI agents at Dulles Airport
so whether or not Devon Nunez wants it
to happen this is all going to come out
yeah let me take both of those things on
the route on the Jorge Nader piece I
think the really interesting thing that
you see here is this question we're
there to separate unrelated foreign
efforts to help Donald Trump win that
win the presidency were the Russians
acting in their lane and we're maybe the
Saudis and the Emiratis acting in their
lane both the illegal but maybe not
coordinated or were they actually
working together with Jorge nadir as the
go-between helping them coordinate it's
an extraordinary question that Bob
Weller is trying to get the answer to
the second thing on this question of
outing of foreign in telling an
intelligence asset who's been providing
help for investigations for years you
know it's not just Devon Nunez doing it
it was Donald Trump the president the
United States the person who you know by
the oath he swore the Constitution is
charged more than any other American
with protecting the national security
and he and Devon Nunez the House
Intelligence Committee Chairman through
their actions have outed this person for
no other reason than they think he poses
some harm or even if he doesn't post
some harm but by the fact that out of
him they can throw sand into the gears
of this investigation and give people a
way to attack the Justice Department it
is maybe the most despicable thing
Donald Trump has done since he took
office his job is to protect the
national security of this country he is
he and Devon hoon is working together
have outed an agent and can hurt other
investigations that have nothing to do
with Donald Trump that could that it
could be useful for the FBI in the
intelligence community for protecting
the national security have potentially
put lives at risk for people who are
known to be associates of this this
intelligence source it is an
unbelievable breach of his oath of
office yeah give you I mean that's a you
know a veteran of the FBI did you ever
think when you'd live to see the day
when a President of the United States
and a major political party would
essentially go to war against the FBI
just to protect a president who may have
colluded with a foreign power or two in
not only is this ridiculous the FBI
would be broken and would be negligent
if it did not follow up on these leads
they had two solid leads that came from
overseas these were our allies that were
helping us they sent someone it sounds
like to go figure out what's the
veracity of this they were actually
trying to maybe protect the campaign and
if they go back and look at some of the
FBI agents texts what were they doing
they were trying to make sure that they
did not reveal it to the Department of
Justice too early because they didn't
want it to leak out and influence the
election and hurt the Trump campaign
everything the president says is false
in this case he has harmed us in terms
of our intelligence sources how will we
ever be able to go to any intelligence
source in America or overseas now and
say if you give me information if you
are working with our country we will
protect you to the utmost yeah we can't
do it and the world knows that I I would
love to see the stats for intelligence
collection a year from now to see how
this affects us well let's not forget
that the present United States opened
with revealing an Israeli intelligence
asset to the Russian Foreign Minister in
the Oval Office in a meeting the
American press wasn't allowed to be in
but the Russian press was we got the
pictures from the Russians right that
was his opening gambit this is pretty
scary stuff I'd thank you Clint Watts
Jennifer Rubin Malcom Nance
Matthew Miller and up next more fallout
from Trump's dangerous decision to move
the US Embassy in Israel stay with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
