sorry
will you take Megan to be your wife will
you love her comfort her honor and
protector and forsaking all others be
faithful to her as long as you both
shall live
I will
Megan will you take Harry to be your
husband I will good morning and welcome
to am joy yes there is a lot of news to
get to this morning and I promise we're
gonna get to all of it in just a bit but
we begin with the wedding that has
captivated the world this morning just a
few hours ago Britain's Prince Harry
married his American princess actress
Megan Markel in an extraordinary
ceremony in st. George's Chapel in at
Windsor Castle an estimated six hundred
guests including celebrity Friends of
the couple like Oprah Winfrey Idris Elba
Serena Williams and George and Amal
Clooney looked on as Marco became
Princess Harry of Wales yes that's how
they style it the Duchess of Sussex and
the woman hailed as Britain's first
black royal it was an unprecedented
ceremony steeped in african-american
culture Bishop Michael Curry the first
african-american to lead the Episcopal
Church nearly stole the show with his
emotional sermon the power of love is
demonstrated by the fact that we're all
here
two young people fell in love and we all
showed up but but it's not just for and
about a young couple who we rejoice with
it's more than bad I'm talking about
some power real power power to change
the world if you don't believe me well
there were small slaves in America's
Antebellum selves who explained the
dynamic power of love and why it has the
power to transform they explained it
this way they sang a spiritual even in
the midst of their captivity it's it's
one that says there is a balm in Gilead
a healing balm something that can make
things right there is a balm in Gilead
to make the wounded whole and joining me
now from Windsor England are my friends
and colleagues Katy tur and Stephanie
ruhle probably the happiest two people
that we were on the air this morning so
give us a lay of the land of where we
are now what are the new royal couple
doing at this moment
I don't know if they can hear me oh we
may not be able to do we have audio No
darn okay well Katie turn Stephanie
ruhle I do not think we have them oh
wait a minute all right we're gonna be
we're just gonna ask oh I don't think we
have the audio no we're having Audio
difficulties technical difficulties it's
live television everyone you're watching
cable TV joining me now to talk about
things well producer and calm is Martin
Lewis
Jackie read my partner in crime on our
podcast read this read that pop culture
expert Chris Witherspoon and Lola okonak
a TV anchor for people all right so we
didn't know we were able to get the
update from from Katie and Stephanie if
we do get them just let the viewers oh
we will try to bring them back in but I
just want to get this panel to react to
this wedding this morning now I was
hanging out with these three for four
hours from their wee hours of 4:00 a.m.
Chris I'm just now getting to get your
perspective on this and before I jump to
your perspective I have to mention I did
mention the up thing the open that that
you know the firt that Megan is being
styled as their hailed is the first
black royal yeah we should acknowledge
that there was a woman named Princess
Charlotte Queen Charlotte Charlotte yes
who a lot of historians believe was
actually the first black royal wait wait
wait wait back but but you know as far
as officially so what does this all mean
well first of all props to y'all first
you were still being awake and being a
lot doctor being on the intercepts for
anymore yes I'm here bright-eyed and
bushy-tailed now yeah I think watching
watching Megan become this this royal
princess to me I look at her as an
actress this is really good role of a
lifetime you know she these roles aren't
really offered to black women in
Hollywood and the fact that she's now on
the biggest stage in front of billions
of people with her mother her beautiful
black mother with her dreadlocks you
know really embracing this are standing
in this moment with so much poise and
elegance
I think it's groundbreaking for not just
her but for black women across the
country and black woman that are also in
the UK
yeah and in Commonwealth parts of the
Commonwealth like in Africa and in the
British the Indies these young black
girls are now is there are now seeing
representation that really matters in a
big way he has a really important thing
that you said
if you look at you know so the idea of
becoming a princess whether it's Disney
Princesses who've had to diversify at
lawn and add black princesses to the mix
you don't see black women even in
Hollywood cast in this for me think
about think about the Audrey Hepburn's
you know who's like one of the first
princesses in a big that's a great half
and half the way you played a princess
amy adams you don't want to see black
women in the hollywood and Megan's when
a little women that probably wanted a
role like that now that's really getting
there and realize real might you truly
anika Noni Rose a lot of holiday
producers now trying to kind of retell
this story in some way probably on the
big screen and we know that there was
already a small screen version of their
romance they did really well in transit
and sort of broke the internet so you
had the princess die in a wedding which
of course is the precedent for all of
the excitement and hype around royal
wedding at least the British royal
family the princess Charles and Diana
Spencers wedding attracted 17 million
viewers her funeral the tragic funeral
33 point 2 million viewers
princess William and Kate Middleton's
wedding attracted 23 million viewers you
know some Martyn this is something
that's incredibly there's an interest in
it all around the world how does this
stack up and from the perspective of
people in Britain to all of those
previous weddings this is going to be of
great import obviously first of all
there's world weddings a cat knit all
around the world and especially in
America but with a beautiful American
girl biracial this is up the ante
considerably so there's pride in Britain
that there is so much interest in the
rest of the world but what I think we
also saw today was inspiring
there was a lot of speculation would the
Obamas be invited frankly they couldn't
be invited because it would have created
a an international diplomatic incident
with a certain unnamed president upset
but you know what the Obamas were there
today in the person of that brilliant
Reverend Michael Curry who spoke with
passion who channeled her and spoke the
words of dr. Martin Luther King who
talked of John Lennon's message of all
you need is love this and imagine a
great world so suddenly
royal family who used to be fifty years
and a hundred years behind people they
were leading and from this dystopian
vision that we've had the last two or
three years in Britain and America
suddenly we have the sunlit uplands a
way forward that he's positive and
joyous and I think this was a remarkable
thing can we play a little bit of
Minister Michael Curry and I will just
note that Michael Curry was elected to
head the the Episcopal Church back in
2015 he was the first presiding black
bishop the first black African American
to be named presiding bishop and he was
named just after the massacre at mother
Emanuel it was literally a week later
after that massacre that he was named to
head the Episcopal Church and he
succeeded the first woman Presiding
Bishop of the Episcopal Church so he's
an historic figure in his own right he's
from Chicago so in a sense as Martin
mentioned Chicago the Obama is all of
that sort of that imagery was in the
house but let's listen to him when love
is the way we know that God is the
source of us all and we are brothers and
sisters children of God with this I will
sit down we got to get you all Mary and
Jackie you were talking earlier this
morning about you know the black women
who were holding teas and brunches and
celebration of this country this was a
truly African American service blended
into a very traditional Episcopal
British service yeah I think it was
unapologetically black I mean and
there's no other way to look at it and a
lot of people I think did not
particularly black people did not
anticipate that from making Markel you
know what I mean they kind of thought
that she was going to be upstaged by the
pomp and circumstance of the Royals you
know the tradition but she definitely
was not and I think not only did we see
who may get Markel and what kind of
princess she's gonna be but also we saw
Harry and who he is and who his mother
raised him to be because he chose that
cellist you know what I mean it was the
two of the 19 year old not to wear a
black shirt yet they decided together to
have the gospel choir there you know it
was something that they planned together
so even though I want to give you know
make it mark all the prey
for what absolutely was represented in
that wedding I also want to give Prince
Harry credit as well but yeah I think
the two of them showed us today that
they're not just going to be figures of
the monarch but they're going to be
leaders to change the world oh
absolutely yeah and he's truly his
mother son yeah in every way I mean
there's everyone said he grew up to be
the man that she was raising him to be
absolutely and we have some of the dress
louis and and the dress was not just
beautiful and tasteful and classic but
it also had all these incredible nods to
the entire Commonwealth to Asia to
Africa to the Caribbean so the flowers
were woven within the veil had nods to
the Commonwealth and you and I were
speaking about it earlier it was sort of
reminiscent of Kehinde Wiley portrait of
Obama yes and how the fauna and the
florals were not to all of his history
and where he's traveled throughout the
world so there were echoes of that there
Martin you'd mentioned that the Obamas
were here the Obamas were here there
were knots to them also that this entire
celebration that when we see black
people and rarefied spaces like this it
also causes us to sit up and say yes
when you see misty the ballerina misty
form misty on point perform or when you
see Serena and Venus in the rarefied
world of tennis and the conquering that
world and now you see this princess
entering into this verified space yeah
and entering into it so beautifully in
the Javan she gown yes designed by a
woman the first one bill they're black
people correct me if I'm wrong Martin
have never been involved in this way in
a royal wedding before absolutely not
they were literally airbrushed out you
would not see that British royal
weddings were terribly white terribly
British terribly Anglican love a stiff
upper lip no passion no joy we got we
saw William and Harry exactly their
mothers intention smiling and laughing
this was joy personified and you know a
nod to Princess Diana she when she
joined the royal family she was
determined to break the mold of that
stuff in us and to bring the children up
to have humanity and heart which is you
see that in the charities they support
and you see it in there is what Aviva
yeah that initially didn't make her
popular with the royal family but it
made her popular with SYP SYP absolutely
play a little bit of a kid eater spoke
with a little girl in a black British
young girl and asked her what this
wedding meant to her take a listen
British in
with african-american
and the music
I mean a wedding that was perfectly
inclusive of black britain as well and I
was talking to a security guard
downstairs a woman her name's tarika
black girl she checked us in this
morning and I was asking her how do you
feel as a black woman seeing what just
happened she said that she was glad that
they included us in this ceremony it was
like she even referenced she was like
black panther was big but this is bigger
yes conduit a lot of black people did
not expect this from Megan Markel
because of her history even though she
talks about race she talks about being
of mixed race and her mother's you know
black African heritage but what she does
not do is really talk about black lives
matter she doesn't really talk about
those issues confronting African
Americans you know in the United States
so she's and now she's going to become a
royal where she really is not going to
be allowed to speak out about these
you'll have no facts could only do it
through symbolism oh that's how they
achieved it really fun all right we know
I'm sorry too I know this is very
important we have top of the celebrities
forgive me just for a second I'm Amal
Clooney and that incredible Stella
McCartney
Oprah Winfrey also Stella McCartney
discuss this got some dying with Beyonce
and my two queens and refer to herself
as Sasha Fierce Megan is not part of the
black plastic force of the superhero
women so it's Oprah Michelle Obama
beyonce is arena william one more thing
let's show the cake can we show the cake
we know that the cake is a lemon and
elderflower cake they dispense with the
traditional fruitcake Oh we'd have a
picture of it oh my gosh
well maybe up better than a picture I've
decided that in commemoration we are
popping bottles so it's a lemon and
elderflower cake so I'm last night I
experimented with myself but we've
decided that the perfect cocktail to
celebrate this occasion is that you can
do a lemon and elderflower cocktail
right something to give you guys the
ingredients if you don't normally do
mixology on the show that is Rachel
Maddow's thing but I'm gonna so you do a
little bit of either a Prosecco or like
a nice sparkling wine you do
course elderflower liquer saint-germain
and her favorite twist it up you do a
little lemon cello right because it
gives you that little lemony twist and
then you've got a palpable bit about
velvety a little bucket so we are going
to indulge during the commercial break
and while you go to break while we
prepare to imbibe our fabulous cocktail
and commemoration of Megan and Harry I
want you all to listen to this
incredible choir who performed during
the ceremony in demotic team choir this
was one of the many nods to African
American culture and heritage that were
a part of this ceremony Martin Lewis is
gonna be back later on the show he is
now donned his top hat Jackie Reid see
you on read this read back down on the
podcast and Chris Witherspoon frequently
on the podcast the man who trump world
who has trouble in a tizzy but first
here goes one of those wonderful lovely
moments from the wedding row wedding
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
