we took our principles we fought for our
principles we put them on paper we
passed them in a law and now we're
seeing the fruits of that labor and the
Blue Wave as they say it they want to
take it all away I'm not gonna let that
happen are we if that blue wave does in
fact happen during this year's midterms
much more than those GOP principals may
be at stake Donald Trump's very future
as president could be at risk should a
new democratic control Congress decide
that impeachment is on the table back
with me crane John Pierre and joining me
now is our Lena Maxwell director of
progressive programming at Sirius XM
Jill wine banks former assistant
Watergate special prosecutor and Jason
Johnson politics editor at the root
thank you all for being here and sir
Lena I'm obsessed with this issue of
committees and I know it's not the
sexiest thing we're gonna make it sexy
right because the reality is that people
say I love Elijah Cummings but I don't
hear the Democrats sing well if you love
him wouldn't you like him to go from
being ranking member of the House
Oversight and Government Reform
Committee to the chairman the guy with
the gavel if you look at financial
services everybody loves auntie Maxine
mm-hmm love auntie Maxine do you know
that auntie Maxine Maxine Waters is the
ranking member on financial services
meaning she would inherit the gavel I'd
be the chair and the Intelligence
Committee this one is very important
Adam Schiff everyone loves the fact that
he's holding some trump speed to the
fire but he has no subpoena power right
wouldn't you like him to have subpoena
power if you are a Democrat that wants
accountability shouldn't Democrats care
more about these committee chairs
absolutely and I think that we need to
get away from this notion that we're
going to impeach and remove the
president because that's a two-step
process that's nearly impossible right
in order to impeach the president you
need 218 votes in the house right I'm to
say yes to articles of impeachment then
that goes over to the Senate where you
need 67 votes that's right remove the
President of the United States so that's
basically an impossible feat that may
never happen unless Republicans doing a
180 and decide that they want to hold
this president accountable for any
reason so yes we need to start talking
about the i-word and we need to be
starting we need to start talking about
the owe word which is oversight and and
Congress stepping in using their
subpoena power to look into Jared
Kushner's corruption potentially you
have to look into what Donald Trump is
doing in terms of you
in his hotels and profiting off of the
presidency there are a lot of areas
where Congress can step in and conduct
their constitutional duty of oversight
yep so we should stop talking about
impeachment and start talking about that
you know and this is why we want to have
chill wine banks in this in this
conversation even though she's not a
political you know prognosticator but it
was very important to have you here Jill
because let's just look at this for one
moment so Democrats in order to get
congressional majorities they would need
to get 23 net seats in the house which
would put them barely over it wouldn't
give them necessarily a majority big
enough to impeach Donald Trump in the
Senate they would need two seats which
would give them literally just the 51
seats right they would not have the 67
votes needed to impeach so people need
to understand that that is a big high
burner hurdle but you served in an era
when there were some Republicans who
were willing even though it was a
Democratic majority said it in house
they were willing to cross over to give
Democrats that supermajority that would
have been necessary to impeach Richard
Nixon but I want you to listen to the
current Speaker of the House Paul Ryan
I'll read it to you and Paul Paul Ryan
was asked about what could happen if in
fact Donald Trump were to lose control
of his part of this control the house he
said the president is strong in the
state he's an asset well there's no
that's not the one I wanted basically
Paul Ryan said that here it is it's
number four should Republicans lose
control of either the house or the
Senate you'll have gridlock you'll have
subpoenas he said he says the system
would shut down what he basically meant
was you'd have oversight so if the
current speaker is saying I won't do
oversight we won't do oversight the only
way you get oversight is if you get
Democrats is that a system that you
recognize having worked on the Nixon
impeachment it's not just Nixon and
impeachment or indictment it is
oversight and there was bipartisanship
in the Nixon administration yes the
Democrats had the majority but they work
together and it was the Republicans who
actually went to the president walked
into the Oval Office and said you will
be convicted in the Senate you have no
support among Republicans anymore we've
seen the evidence and you have to resign
or
you will be convicted on the articles of
impeachment that have already passed so
there was a time in our history when
Democrats and Republicans met talked
compromised negotiated and got things
done and it's time for us to return to
that I cannot even possibly imagine how
we are going to go forward if we don't
have that but I agree with your last
speaker that oversight would be a
terrific thing to have and that a lot
could be accomplished without
impeachment and you know Jason it is
I've been saying the word oppressor a
lot today ever since a post royal
wedding coverage is all downhill from
there because the idea that oversight is
a purely partisan exercise right that
when the when the president is a
Democrat it's 11 Benghazi hearings 11
separate hearings on Benghazi it's a
it's the House Oversight and Government
Reform Committee constantly dragging
members of the Obama administration
before them for things that they are
saying our scandals but as soon as the
Republican gets their oversights not
something they do and then when you flip
it you have Nancy Pelosi responding the
issues now the house Minority Leader
saying yeah we would do oversight if we
were to get control the house no duh we
would do that but she also is saying
that impeachment is too toxic it'll be a
gift to Republicans you know to talk
about it but that oversight is something
she's saying we would do what kind of a
point have we reached when the only way
to get oversight is to have the other
party in charge well it's basically a
point where people don't believe in
right and wrong and they only care about
power you know it's it's one of the
reasons that like Americans tend to like
mayors and mayors are like there's not a
Republican or a democratic way to fix a
pothole you just fix it you know if you
are using your private businesses and
using the government to enrich yourself
you should probably be held accountable
whether you're Scott Perot to the
president I ate but the Republicans have
decided that oversight is only something
they can use to go after Democrats and I
will say this and I think this is
important to understand when Pelosi is
saying you know I don't necessarily
think that you know being a jerk is
enough to go after the president the
president has been basically blowing his
nose on the emoluments clause since he
got in engaging in plenty of behavior
that will be absolutely impeachable but
I will say this just for the safety and
health
well being of America I don't want to
see president Donald Trump impeached I
think that would be dangerous I don't
want that man out in the streets I want
to see him repudiated at the voting box
because that way we can shut down not
only what he represents but everything
he has to say and that and that is you
know that is one reason you know Kareem
that people will say impatience a bad
idea that it would just sort of remove
him from responsibility right but the
second one is a purely political
argument this is Nancy Pelosi saying
that impeachment just talking about it's
a gift to Republicans impeachment is a
very serious matter it is if it happens
it has to be a bipartisan initiative I
don't think that we have the information
to go to that place and I discourage any
discussion of impeachment on a political
side I think it's a gift to the
Republicans to talk about impeachment
and coming to that point
max food has argued The Washington Post
that Democrats win the house and
initiate impeachment many strategists
believe it could backfire because Trump
will paint the whole process is an
attempt to undo the will of the voters
the Senate is unlikely convict Trump
could have merged and you know it's a
good point because what Trump is
thinking about is 2020 he's thinking
about his reelection and there is a case
to be made that if if the Democrats take
over the house and they do the oversight
and they lead to the i-word that he's
going to use that and we know when it
comes to message control on that he's
actually very good at that because he's
talking to his base his base that is not
going to go anywhere but he wants them
to be energized and excited going into
2020 and that's where the political harm
can potentially be is him using that for
his reelection for 2020 and I could see
I could see that him thinking that in
his head right it's like this is gonna
be my message that's gonna be the
boogeyman because he likes to have a
boogeyman right and that's what he's
going to be using but you know for a lot
of Democrats Trump is the boogeyman yeah
yeah is energizing for for Democrats
right I mean I think that it's not that
we can't talk about impeachment it's not
it's not a not about like avoiding
discussing the things that Donald Trump
is doing like Jason said in the
emoluments clause being a really good
example of in a potentially impeachable
offense but Gerald Ford said famously
you know in future all defense is
anything the majority of the house as it
is at a point in history and so
essentially in this moment that is
what's going to happen Donald Trump is
doing plenty of things that be could be
considered an impeachable offense
because it's in a very amorphous
definition but I think that Democrats
need to focus on energizing the base by
saying they are going to hold this
president accountable and laying out a
plan for how they're going to do that
how are they going to conduct oversight
and on what issues and I think that's a
much more effective and winning message
for Democrats in 2018 absolutely and we
are out of time but non-sequitur Jason
Johnson give us a preview what's gonna
happen in Georgia on Tuesday and that
governors race a very tight race but it
looks to me like Stacey Abrams was
profitable at all yeah so we could have
the potential for a first black woman
governor of Georgia if you don't think
voting matters ask Alabama progressive
press of a progressive black was there -
Stacy's running everybody in Georgia get
out and vote this could really be
historic Green Jean Pierre Serleena
Maxwell Jill wine banks Jason Johnson
we're gonna have to have you guys all
come back we'll just dish about the real
wedding and we'll tell you how Jerry
Kushner's latest crack at peace in the
Middle East is going that's nice
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
