was there a part of you that was like
this isn't real this is this would not
happen in my school no there wasn't um
why so it's been happening everywhere I
felt I've always kind of felt like
eventually it was going to happen here
too so I don't know I wasn't surprised I
was just scared
eventually this time was 93 days that's
how long it has been since 17 people
were killed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas
High School in parkland Florida today at
Santa Fe High School at about 30 miles
outside of Houston Texas nine students
and one teacher were killed and another
10 people injured after a shooter opened
fire the suspected shooter is a 17 year
old high school junior who police say
was armed with a shotgun and a 38
revolver tonight he is in solitary
confinement and charged with capital
murder law enforcement say they found
four pipe bombs in the school and other
explosive devices in a car and the
suspected shooters house Texas governor
Greg Abbott said at a press conference
today that there were no red flag
warnings that was not true on the
suspects computer and cell phone law
enforcement found his plans to commit
the shooting and then killed himself 16
year old Rome Schubert survived being
shot in the head this morning and is
recovering tonight in hit at his home
with his family it came in this way to
the back of my head and then exited
right there the doctor said that if it
would have been any any up any down any
left any right that I would have been
paralyzed or killed think I'm probably
about the luckiest guy alive is joining
us now from Santa Fe Texas MSNBC's Chris
Jansing who is with Rome Schubert at his
home
Lawrence I just talked to rums mom she's
an ICU nurse she finds out her son has
been shot in the head she knows what the
statistics are she knows how desperate
the situation might be and she's driving
there and you can just imagine what's
going through her head and yet here he
is wrong Schubert on his front porch
tonight your mom also told me she cried
for hours this afternoon I think partly
out of relief partly out of grief at
what's happened to your high school how
are you doing I'm doing pretty well
I feel a lot better than I did earlier
you actually have an entry wound and on
the side of your neck through an exit
wound let's go back to that moment when
did you realize you're in art class it's
the first period of the day when did you
realize something was very wrong
normal days and started out and then
wide bang there starts ringing another
loud bang loud bang follows that one I
didn't know what it was mom was going
crazy he had no idea what was going on
I jumped under the desk and flipped up
in front of me a lotta more more loud
bangs I just kind of freaking out at
that point everybody was yelling
everybody scrambling I'm gonna peeked
around some more loud bangs and I was
kind of freaking out at that point and
look over at the door and I guess he had
walked out for a little while and I ran
out the door
jumped over a wall started running in
the parking lot had no idea was even
shot until I looked down at my shirt and
dripping blood everywhere running fine I
was talking had no idea that didn't even
wait and and out do you think you're in
a state of shock at that point
definitely adrenaline was running so
fast I mean the walls seven foot and I
just put my arms on it and lifted myself
over and threw my legs over it probably
couldn't do that if I was just if I
didn't have that much adrenaline let me
go back into that room
as you said you could hear those loud
bangs your ears are ringing
when did you realize these are gunshots
oh he's shooting at us
yeah well the first one I was like I
really didn't know what the first one
was second one goes off not wasn't sure
that one was and I peeked a little bit
saw a pistol and and his who actually
saw the gun I did I saw the pistol in
his hand and once I was on the ground I
saw the pistol charcoal-gray pistol and
then I did notice a shotgun on his
shoulder you had never seen him before
you didn't get a good look at his face
mhm
what happened the minute he went out the
room with you were you the only one who
took off was there a mass exodus of
people are literally running for their
lives there was quite a few people who
who went out the door with this I didn't
physically see him run out but when
everybody said or the people next to the
door they had a clear line and they said
let's go now so I was like this could be
my only chance to get out alive so I'm
going now I mean there could be no other
chance for me to get out so I went and a
couple of people followed me I've seen a
couple of people try to scale the wall a
couple people couldn't get over I mean
there was sort of a gate and it had some
foot places to put your feet and get
over and I noticed a couple of people
got out that way it was just crazy you
scale this wall something as you say you
probably couldn't do under any other
circumstances so then you get it
somebody sees you that you're bleeding
and you want you feel that you're
bleeding are you surprised by that I'm
definitely surprised because I was just
checking on my friend and he said I'm
alright you go you go I no idea that he
ended up hadn't been shot in the leg but
a friend comes up to me he said I said I
got a lot of blood he thinks somebody I
got hate in front of me he's like no no
no you got shot you got shot in the head
there's a lot of blood coming from her
neck so I immediately took my shirt off
put it against my neck and held that
pressure to it and just took a ton of an
ICU nurse and you know what to do
your girlfriend's can't reach you you
left your phone in there your mom can't
reach you the phones still in that room
where you were shot eventually you get
into an ambulance you get to the
hospital you still in fact have your
bracelet on what was that reunion like
when you saw your family it was kind of
a sense of relief just maybe my emotions
kind of settle down a little bit knowing
that they were there and they knew I was
okay seeing them like that is just I
never thought I had to go through this
Dodd's
odds are very slim your mom said I could
tell you something that you don't know
the baseball coach we have a baseball
prodigy here he's a pitcher start
pitcher for the high school team your
team has big game mm-hmm and the coach
suggested maybe they wouldn't play
because of everything that's happened
and you know what they said we're
playing this game from Rome and we're
gonna show the world that were not gonna
let a shooter stop us I did definitely I
definitely wanted to keep playing this
series
I wouldn't want something to stopping
like this come back stronger than ever
just build off of this and just grind
everybody into the ground and just show
them that you're way stronger than this
what's next for you will you be able to
sleep tonight do you think yeah I'm I'm
pretty tired right now might be a little
different sleeping night might set up
one a bit straighter but definitely just
glad that I'm here the doctor said that
much and it could have been really bad
if the boy would have been anywhere up
down diagonal side to side that I could
have been paralyzed or killed well we
are glad you were here you are safe
we're gonna be rooting for your team we
Rome thank you so much thank you we do
appreciate you taking the time you and I
Lawrence have sat next to each other at
mass shootings the first one I covered
was a Columbine since
than 214,000 students have been exposed
to gun violence in their schools rome is
one of the 425 casualties Laurens Chris
Jansing thank you very much and please
think well I'm sure I know he doesn't
have sound from me there in the porch
but please thank him very much for
telling us and sharing his story with us
tonight really appreciate it thank you
Chris
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
