when he was sworn in as president in
1969 Richard Nixon found a Republican
lawyer from South Carolina to run the
Internal Revenue Service his name was
Randolph throwerw great name
he'd been apart excuse me I said South
Carolina I'd lose from Georgia actually
that was a screw-up on my part he had
not been a part of the Nixon campaign he
had not been a particularly politically
active Republican back home but he was
well-liked he was supported and
recommended by his home state senators
maybe for whatever reason he ended up
getting the job he met Nixon for the
first time when Nixon named him to the
job to run the IRS and that was probably
mr. throwers first mistake it's it's not
clear now that he knew what he was
getting himself into when he took that
job it's pretty clear that he didn't
know exactly what kind of president he
would be working for when he took that
job and what that president expected of
the person he would have running the IRS
that much became clear when we got to
mr. throwers second mistake
after a couple of years on the job
running the IRS for Richard Nixon
Randolph throwerw
decided that he needed to talk to the
president he made contact with the White
House again he did not have a previous
relationship with Nixon didn't come up
to the Nixon campaign and all that stuff
he'd only met Nixon when Nixon appointed
him to run the IRS but throwerw asked
for a personal meeting with the
president contacted the White House and
said he needed to talk to him quote in
January 1971
mr. throwerw requested a meeting with
the president hoping to warn President
Nixon personally about pressure that
White House staff members had been
placing on the IRS pressure on the IRS
to audit the tax returns of certain
individuals beginning with anti-war
leaders and civil rights figures the
list had grown to include journalists
and even members of Congress as IRS
commissioner Randolph Brewer says he had
been directed by White House staff to
audit every single Democratic senator
who was up for re-election in 1970 now
Commissioner throbber was quite certain
that President Nixon was unaware of this
pressure he was certain if he could just
let the president know face to face that
this
bad thing was happening he was certain
President Nixon would be as horrified as
he was President Nixon would agree about
the dangers of any suggestion of the
introduction of political influence into
the workings of the IRS Commissioner
throbber was very wrong about that
Richard Nixon was not just as horrified
as he was about this pressure that was
being brought to bear on the IRS so
Randolph throwerw calls up to the White
House explains that he needs a personal
meeting with the president
explains why he needed that meeting
quote mr. throwerw received two
responses to that request the first was
a memo from the president's appointment
secretary saying a meeting with the
president would not be possible the
second response was a phone call from
John Ehrlichman the president's top
domestic affairs adviser mr. Ehrlichman
told Commission to her thrower that he
was fired so yeah that that pressure
that the Honorable IRS commissioner was
under to go to go audit and investigate
people who the the the White House
didn't like turns out that was not
exactly a shock and a surprise to
President Nixon but but once Nixon
realized that Randolph Breuer was gonna
be a problem on this front over at the
IRS Nixon realized he needed to find
somebody to replace this guy somebody
more suited to the way
Nixon expected to be able to use the
government for his own purposes there
was a guy named John Nolan who was then
up for the job as considered sort of the
frontrunner to be the next IRS
commissioner he was kind of the obvious
choice he was the guy in charge of tax
policy at the Treasury Department anyway
so the Treasury secretary at the time
John Connally supported this guy Nolan
getting the IRS job but President Nixon
really really knew what he wanted to use
the IRS for and he was willing to be
very explicit about what he was looking
for from the person he wanted to put in
that job and and his staff
therefore told him yeah we know that
Nolan's the frontrunner for the job we
know he's been recommended by the
Treasury secretary and everything he's
probably not the right guy for this job
he's probably not gonna want it he's
probably not going to do what you want
over there if you put him in this job
and we know that conversation happened
in the White House
between President Nixon and his top
aides because of course it happened on
tape so here's the tape fair warning
there's a little bit of Nixon swearing
I'm assured this guy Nolan will not play
that game don't hire Nolan if that's
what you want sir right it's amazing
tape Nixon says he wants someone who
will do what he's told every income tax
return I want to see I see he will go
after our enemies and not go after our
friends that's what he wants and his
staffers tell him okay sir then don't
pick this guy Nolan he's probably not
going to do that for you so they don't
pick Nolan turns down the recommendation
from his Treasury secretary no we're not
picking your guy we need to find a
different guy they find a different guy
they find a Justice Department guy who's
recommended to Nixon by his attorney
general at the time John Mitchell who
had also been Nixon's campaign manager
Mitchell picks this guy Nixon thinks
okay for sure this guy will get it this
guy will know what I want to do with the
IRS so this guy Johnny Walters gets
plucked from the Justice Department and
he gets installed as the head of the IRS
and then of course President Nixon
expects to be able to start firing the
IRS at his political enemies like a
weapon that he alone controls so
September 11th 1972 white house counsel
John Dean calls up Walters calls up the
IRS Commissioner this guy hand-picked to
be Nixon son of a at the IRS he calls up
Commissioner Johnny Walters summons them
to the White House for a meeting in the
White House counsel's office IRS
Commissioner Walters comes up to the
White House comes to meet with John Dean
at that meeting John Dean hands the
IRS commissioner an envelope in that
envelope is a list of people hundreds of
people
the president wants investigated and
pursued and audited by the IRS for
political reasons this is two months
before Nixon's re-election race against
George McGovern and John Dean is White
House Counsel hands the IRS commissioner
a list of George McGovern's staffers on
his presidential campaign and George
McGovern's top donors and he says to the
IRS commissioner okay go get him
and the IRS commissioner this guy Johnny
waters despite the fact that he was
picked for this job supposedly on a
recommendation of a guy who knew he'd do
it walters is not down with this he says
he was shocked by this request from John
Dean he walked out of that meeting with
John Dean holding this envelope
containing this enemies list this list
that Nixon was ordering him to
investigate you you're the head of the
IRS investigate this list of people
audit this list of people my political
enemies he walks out of the White House
with that list in an envelope and what
did Johnny Walters do with that list
took it back to the IRS in that sealed
envelope and he locked it up in a safe
in his office he did not act on it at
all he did not follow Nixon's orders and
that list just sat there in that safe in
the commissioner's office at the IRS and
then eight months later so the following
year watergate starts to break open and
john dean the White House Counsel the
guy who give Anam the enemies list john
dean turned against nixon and started to
testify and it was john dean in his
congressional testimony who ended up
telling the world that yeah there was an
enemies list and he told him what that
list was for and when he said it in that
hearing room you could hear the gasps in
the room whether it be an FBI
investigation of an individual or an IRS
audit do you consider that to be legal
and proper activities by those security
arms as I say I don't know
of the IEC itself preparing political
scenario I do of course know and as I
have submitted in documents other
agencies were involved in seeking
politically embarrassing information on
individuals who were thought to be
enemies of the white house I might also
add that in my possession is a rather
very much down the lines of what you're
talking about is a memorandum that was
requested by me to prepare a means to
attack the enemies of the white house
there was also maintained what was
called an enemies list which is rather
extensive and continually being updated
I'm not going to ask who was on it I'm
afraid you might answer I wonder are
these documents that are in the
possession of the of the committee no
but I'd be happy to submit them to the
committee they didn't fit within the
request that I had with counsel as to
the documents he wished to have produced
but if the committee does wish them I'll
be happy to submit those the Chairman I
think the committee would like very much
to have a copy of that memorandum all
right sir and so John Dean announced the
existence of and then hand it over the
enemies list and it's interesting once
John Dean said that publicly
you have the gasps in the room and
that's on television and the whole
country now knows this the IRS
Commissioner Johnny Walters walked over
to his safe in his office at the IRS and
he unlocked the safe and he took out his
own copy of that list that Nixon had had
Dean give to him months before that list
had been sitting in his safe ever since
but once Dean disclosed the existence of
that list publicly IRS commissioner
unlocked the safe took out the list and
he brought it to Congress handed it to
over handed it over still sealed and we
remember that Nixon enemies list now
almost Riley right it's become sort of a
point of pride for people to have been
on that list it's a badge of honor to
have to have been someone who Richard
Nixon perceived to be an enemy perceived
to be a powerful enough enemy that he
was gonna come after you right but you
know but but but Nixon wasn't just
making an enemies list for his own
psychological enjoyment it wasn't just
like a hate list to make himself feel
better
he made and continually updated an
enemies list because that was a list of
targets because that was a list of
people against whom action was expected
he expected and ordered government
agencies to take action against those
enemies on behalf of the president while
the bulk of the Senate session today
dealt with challenges to Dean story
there was one
area which Dean opened up he turned over
to the committee documents he had saved
would show if they're not elaborate
forgeries that the White House was
planning to use the Internal Revenue
Service and other federal agencies as
weapons against political opponents who
are called enemies on some documents
this is an example of that file a memo
drafted for Haldeman and Ehrlichman by
Dean himself it describes a plan in
Dean's own pungent language to use the
available federal machinery to screw our
political enemies use the available
federal machinery to screw our political
enemies don't just list our political
enemies but use the available federal
machinery to hurt them John Dean
admitted to it in June 1973 July 1973
the Nixon White House admitted there was
a taping system in the White House July
30th the Supreme Court forced the tapes
to be released and then all this enemies
list stuff all of this stuff that we'd
had described to us about them using the
available federal machinery to screw our
political enemies it wasn't just an
allegation anymore
once the tapes were released we all got
to hear it play out on tape you know
curses at all one example
Nixon particularly hated the Los Angeles
Times the day after the Times ran an
unflattering article in October 1971
about somebody Nixon had nominated for a
cabinet position day after that article
ran Nixon we have a tape of it Nixon
called up his Attorney General John
Mitchell who had been his campaign
manager right called up John Mitchell
and he called them up to not just vent
about that LA Times story he didn't like
he called up the Attorney General in
order to SiC the federal government on
the LA Times on the LA Times as an
institution on the publisher of the LA
Times as a person and on the publisher
of the LA Times is family go after the
LA Times from go after Otis Chandler go
after the Chandler family and we've got
it on tape and fair warning it's Dixon
so the president uses
a racial slur in the stay over very well
sir
yes yes sir we will SiC immigration
authorities on the publisher of the LA
Times and on the LA Times as a company
for the wetback thing yes very well sir
we will stick the IRS on the LA Times
publisher mr. Chandler and on what did
you say every one of those sons the
whole family go after them on the income
we'll go after them by means of the
income tax every one of those sons is
that clear
yes sir understand do it give me a
report
very well sir yes sir we'll report back
sir Richard Nixon was not impeached
Richard Nixon resigned when the Supreme
Court ordered the release of the White
House tapes and on the tapes it became
obvious that his impeachment was a sure
bet because the tapes proved and showed
and my god they elaborated on his
profound guilt when Nixon resigned the
presidency there were three articles of
impeachment that were pending against
him the first one was about the
Watergate break-in at the Democratic
Party headquarters and an obstructing
justice when it came to that break-in
delaying impeding and obstructing the
investigation covering up the crime
protecting those responsible lying to
investigators withholding evidence
paying people for their silence paying
people to lie tipping off people who
were the subject of investigation lying
to the public in order to deceive the
public about the investigation but the
second article for which Nixon was going
to be impeached article 2 that was about
abuse of power
misusing the IRS trying to get them to
unlawfully target people for audit and
investigation misusing not just the IRS
but the FBI and the Secret Service and
other agencies and personnel quote for
purposes unrelated to national security
the enforcement of laws or any other
lawful function of his office quote in
all of this Richard M Nixon has acted in
a manner contrary to his trust as
president and subversive of
constitutional government to the great
prejudice of the cause of law and
justice and to the manifest injury of
the people of the United States where
for Richard M Nixon by such conduct
warrants impeachment and trial and
removal from office that was article 2
that that is how Richard Nixon was in
the process of being impeached when he
resigned that's that's why Nixon would
have been impeached if you didn't quit
first just ahead of it Richard Nixon
hated the press as a Californian he had
a complex relationship with the
California newspapers but he really
really hated the LA Times and that the
Chandler family who ran it and his
hatred of the Chandler family and the LA
Times that showed up in some of the type
of behavior for which he was ultimately
impeached using the available federal
machinery using the power of the federal
government to the extent that he could
control it to punish his enemies our
current president also hates the press
he likes to talk about how much he hates
CNN and the New York Times and NBC and
he seems particularly to hate the
Washington Post the president has
latched on personally to Washington Post
owner Jeff Bezos who also founded and
runs amazon.com Jeff Bezos is literally
the richest man on earth right now the
president for months has been publicly
attacking The Washington Post and the
connection between the Washington Post
and Amazon through the papers owner Jeff
Bezos the president has been blunt about
this in his own online statements and
within the last few weeks it has felt
like maybe this was starting to tip over
into enemies list territory this was
The Wall Street Journal last month quote
in the past week the president has
turned what were sporadic and often
private criticisms of amazon.com into a
sustained volley against the company
often causing stock market fluctuations
with his tweets against Amazon fuelling
mr. Trump's ire is not so much Amazon
but the company's CEO Jeff Bezos who
also owns the Washington Post according
to people close to the White House
mr. Trump sees mr. Bezos his hand in
newspaper coverage he dislikes and he's
lashing out at Amazon as a proxy these
people said the president's most recent
flurry of tweets targeting Amazon has
coincided with publication of Washington
Post stories that he dislikes what's not
clear is whether mr. Trump will take
actions that will harm
Amazon's business interests Wall Street
Journal last month there was also this
around the same time from Vanity Fair
quote the president is focusing ever
more closely on his perceived enemies
and obsessions Amazon whose owner Jeff
Bezos also owns the Washington Post is
currently his main target according to
four sources close to the White House
Trump is discussing ways to escalate his
attacks on Amazon to further damage the
company quote he's off the hook on this
it's war one source told me he gets
obsessed with something and now he's
obsessed with Bezos said another source
Trump is like how can i f with him
and it they didn't say F quote according
to sources Trump wants the post office
to increase Amazon shipping costs well
that would hurt Amazon so that was
reported last month and now today we
have learned that apparently the
president doesn't just want that he has
ordered it headline
Trump personally pushed Postmaster
General to double rates on Amazon
President Trump has personally pushed
u.s. Postmaster General Megan Brennan to
double the rate that the Postal Service
charges amazon.com Postmaster General
Megan Brennan
has so far resisted Trump's demand
explaining in multiple conversations
occurring this year and last that these
arrangements are bound by contracts and
must be reviewed by a Regulatory
Commission Postmaster General Megan
Brennan and president Trump have met at
the White House about this matter
several times starting last year quote
the meetings have never appeared on
Trump
public schedule but somewhere along the
line somebody locks the list up in a
safe right somewhere along the line
somebody truthfully decides they're
gonna answer investigators questions
about it somewhere along the line the
president will have miscalculated when
he figured that these other public
officials who supposedly work for him he
will have miscalculated when he figured
that they'd all go along with his idea
that they should use their agencies to
settle his personal scores when he tells
them to somewhere along the line three
people with knowledge of these
previously secret conversations between
the president personally and the
Postmaster General
somewhere along the line three different
people will go tell The Washington Post
about those secret meetings and then
those secret meetings won't be secret
any longer using the government to
punish political enemies was one of the
articles of impeachment against Richard
Nixon it is also something that's pretty
easy to get caught for as long as people
stand up to a president trying to do
this as long as they don't go along with
it as long as someone somewhere along
the line blows the whistle that's what
this is that's what's happening right
now with reporting like this in the
Washington Post today we are living
history you guys I'll be right back
some of it that he'll do what he's told
that every income tax policy I've seen
if you go after our hands and not work
for our friends not simple
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
