the school shooting in Santa Fe Texas
comes just three months after the
tragedy in parkland Florida and in that
short period of time the Parkland
students have shaken the country out of
a learned helplessness about gun
violence and inspired some real concrete
tangible progress Florida's Republican
legislature and governor instituted
what's often called a red flag law
allowing police to temporarily remove
guns from person at risk and they raise
the minimum age to purchase a gun added
a three day waiting period and bam pom
stocks Vermont's Republican governor
also signed a bill raising the purchase
age banning pom stocks limiting the size
of magazines and requiring all sales to
go through a licensed dealer Maryland
which has a Republican governor as well
enacted a red flag law and ban bump
stocks plus domestic abusers in the
state can no longer have guns which is
now the law as well in deep-red Kansas
New York also tightened up its laws for
domestic abusers oregan closed these
so-called boyfriend loophole nearby
Washington state BAM bump stocks and
back on the East Coast Rhode Island
joined Florida and Maryland with a red
flag law of its own now all of that
Justin's partner and all that action
follows kinetic is lead which passed
sweeping gun legislation in the wake of
the 2012 Sandy Hook shooting I'm joined
now by the governor of Connecticut
dannel malloy who is also the co-founder
states for gun safety a coalition to
combat gun violence governor am I wrong
that there has been quite a bit of
progress in a very short amount of time
at the state level at the state level
chrises is where it's happening quite
frankly I think that the NRA doesn't
have the level of influence by demand
because they pay for it in state
capitols that they do in Washington now
that I've said that they may put more
resources into state capitols but the
reality is though Connecticut had a law
that takes away guns temporarily from
people who are acting erratically since
1999 it made sense then it makes sense
now I don't care how late you come to
the table just get it done in your state
let me give you a statistic about Texas
in 2016 the last verified figure over
3500 people in the state of Texas died
as a result of gun violence in my state
it was a hundred and seven
dito now I understand they got a bigger
population so let me break it down
twelve point six individuals lost their
life per 100,000 in my state it was four
point six you can make your state safer
you can be part of changing the culture
that death is okay in in the pursuit of
some idealized idea about what the
Constitution says the reality is our
first obligation as elected officials is
to make our citizens safe and and so
many people are failing that test what
are the what are the things that
Connecticut did to in the wake of Sandy
Hook what are the some of the best
practices from your perspective if a
state is looking to reduce the levels of
gun violence well listen number one we
should make sure that every gun changes
hands by a licensed individual or at
least is subject to a background check
and a three day waiting period we have
done away with those the the the weapons
that have been so often used although
not used in this incident
we banned bump stocks we've banned a
large capacity magazines in the last
four years in part as a result of what
we did on gun violence Connecticut has
had the largest drop in violent crime of
any of the 50 states by almost 30
percent above the next nearest state
we're making progress I'm proud that
we're showing a way to get this done and
it's not just about violent crime people
children in particular are killing
themselves because their parents has a
gun you know we should have a forum in
this country that everyone signs and
actually gives this statistic by state
how mark how much more likely it is that
your son or daughter will kill
themselves at your home as a result of
you having a gun or that your son or
daughter or yourself will kill yourself
or that somebody will use it a crime in
a crime how much more likely it is that
someone in your home will be injured as
a result of the gun being in your home
if we actually told the truth to the
American people on an ongoing and
regular basis we could make America
safer but the NRA
has passed laws to make sure that that
doesn't happen we can't even do national
research now recently Connecticut and
New York New Jersey and Rhode Island now
joined by I think it's Delaware and
Massachusetts have a consortium we're
run into our own research and we're
going to publish all of those results
we're gonna work together across state
borders to share information about
dangerous individuals and what's going
on and gun trafficking but you know one
of the things about Connecticut is we
require all the things that I previously
mentioned but guns still get it to our
state almost always from states that
have these gun show loopholes or other
loopholes that make 41 percent of gun
sales in America not subject to any
background check you you have been in
this this political fight for a while
how would you characterize the politics
of this issue at this moment three
months after parkland done on this day
in which ten of our fellow citizens in
the US were were killed
I should have begun by saying that that
my heart does go out to the parents of
those individuals and and to the loved
ones of those individuals it is a
terrible thing we had our own tragedy in
this state and quite frankly III and so
many other Americans don't hear of some
gun shooting without thinking of what
happened in in in Newtown but but but
the difference between some states and
others is some states are doing
something about it and then some other
states are cowering I'm and I I
understand that that governor Abbott's
embarrassed that he had a mass shooting
in a church and now a mass shooting in a
school and that he has 3,500 people per
year die of gun violence hey listen join
us do something about it make your
citizens safer by telling them the truth
by passing sensible gun laws that's what
this thing is all about and it is
happening in more and more states as you
mentioned Kansas which is no Connecticut
when it comes to our politics I'll be
the first to admit but they're doing
something about it if Florida can be
brave enough to change their laws
why can't Texas do it what would be
something else Governor Dannel Malloy
thank you for joining me hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
