David French she's a senior writer for
National Review and one of those that we
turn to to sort of cut through some of
the noise sometimes that comes from some
of our friends in the conservative echo
chamber there so mr. French welcome back
to the show sir thanks for having me
back appreciate it I want to ask about
the impact of of this political fight
now because that's what we're in it
feels like we're more in a political
fight than a legal fight where you have
the president and his allies now
essentially arguing no big deal
even if everything that have everything
that's being alleged is true is it
really that big of a deal yeah I mean
this this is the part that's starting to
be truly well it's continuing to be
truly disingenuous anyone who looks at
this issue with any level of seriousness
knows for a fact that it is a problem to
receive Oppo research from a hostile
foreign power there's two easy reasons
for that reason number one a hostile
foreign power is going to feed you
information that advances its interests
which are opposed to US interests so if
you're taking what they're giving you
you are feeding into what they want from
you the second thing is the vast
majority of Americans don't share the
view that it's totally okay to take
Intel from hostile foreign powers to use
in a in a presidential campaign so if
you do receive information from that
power what they then have over you is
information and knowledge that could
compromise you they could disclose that
you have worked with them and that could
taint your decision-making and so this
is just all common-sense stuff but it's
sort of being passed off as ridiculous
absurd you get opposition research from
wherever you want to know that's not
true that's not what prudent people do
alright that yes okay I think we agree
common sense but as you know this is it
is amazing how the large percentage of
folks in this country right we're not
talking about a small fringe a large
percentage of folks here that are
believing that there's been just an
amazing number of coincidences well you
know in what's really disingenuous of
is that the the president by his actions
is feeding the conspiracy theory right
and in a way that I think is extremely
deceptive and extremely dangerous and
here's what I mean the president is
doing some what the president is doing
is is essentially casting himself as the
victim of a deep state when he's in fact
in charge of the Department of Justice
and he can declassify what he wants to
declassify he can order disclose once he
what he wants order disclose but instead
what he's doing is people are saying to
him mr. president this would endanger
national security if it's disclosed he's
not disclosing it and then using the
fact that it's not being disclosed as
sometimes evidence of a conspiracy
against him it's ridiculous it is
amazing and we would be laughing at this
if Putin were trying to pull the wool
over our eyes using RT doing something
like this right we would all
collectively be saying this is what
about ISM and all of this stuff on its
on its head but David I would argue it's
it's effective right now well who needs
Artie when you've got Sean Hannity look
there are an awful lot of people who are
desperate desperate to believe all of
this is a bunch of nonsense and look I
don't know what's true and what's not
all of us have very partial information
right now but here's what I do know
here's what I do know if a the son of a
presidential candidate gets a message
from that is purporting to say or that
actually says I have information to
share with you from the Government of
Russia about a plan to help mr. Trump
and to help in facilitate his election
that it is not right to respond to that
with I love it and if somebody does
respond with I love it what that
indicates is at the very least they were
enthusiastic about potentially colluding
with the Russians enthusiastic about it
and then in face of evidence like that
among many other things that we could go
into to then say all this is as a
witch-hunt all this is it's nonsense
I think strains credulity
I guess not and this hypothetical maybe
is too much of a stretch and maybe we
shouldn't go there but
I think there is a fear among many that
Muller may have an airtight case but
politically the president has so
successfully sort of soiled the the
political playing field here that he can
survive it what is that new to the rule
of law in the future if in that scenario
I'll press the panic button on that
after I see what molars case is we don't
know what it is because I do think that
if Muller has an airtight case in the
way some people speculate that he does
again I don't know fair no but if he
does if he does have an airtight case
that is going to blow up so many
narratives in discredit so many people
that what you're going to be left with I
would I would surmise and maybe I'm
wildly optimistic is just the tiny tiny
hardcore few kind of like what Nixon was
left with at the end of his time
but again that's all rampant speculation
because we just don't know absolutely
David French thank you sir I appreciate
you coming on you got it well there's a
ton more news out of what hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
