in his best-selling book Moneyball which
was turned into a major motion picture
starring Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill
Michael Lewis told the story of how
data-driven analysis could win baseball
games using this equation in the upper
left right here I'm projecting that in
me doing least 99 games in order to make
it to the postseason we need to score at
least 814 runs in ordered Windows games
and allow no more than 645 points and
Michael Lewis new book he focuses on the
biggest and most important data
collector and analyzer in the world the
United States government and what has
happened to it under a president who
says things like this today
join us now New York Times bestselling
author Michael Lewis whose new book is
the fifth risk Michael with this book
you went where no one ever goes in
Washington you went inside the
department's energy commerce agriculture
to look at what's happening there now
under the Trump administration they are
all massive data collectors as which is
the one of the kind of a category of
person we see in all of your books
really what did you find in there well
the first thing I know I was provoked
the Trump administration the Obama
administration had essentially set up
the best course ever created and how the
federal government worked thousand
people had spent the better part of a
year doing briefing books for all the
departments of the government and the
idea was the Trump administration was to
show up the next day bring books for the
new governor for whoever it was a
transition very nine ideological things
I mean awful lot was going on it's just
technical matters yeah you know how to
deal with the Zika virus if it reappears
or or how to manage the nuclear arsenal
I mean it just these are these are
management problems and the idea was the
day after the election that Trump people
were supposed to hundreds and hundreds
of people into the into the departments
and Trump fired his transition team
right after the election and nobody
showed up so there were these there were
these courses to be taken in what was
going on these places that they never
took so that's the starting point for me
and what you find is he's electrified
this material I mean the government has
has it has it's problems already coming
into the trouble administration but a
society that appreciated its government
would never have elected such a man
because he has absolutely no interest in
any of it and the if there's a pattern
to like what's going on in these places
is that people with narrow financial
interests and wit go at what's going on
and then have been put in places where
they can they can exert influence and
for their own game but but the other
pattern is total neglect I mean half the
positions in the ministration have not
been filled
a28 roughly 20% of the top 6,000 in
civil servants have quit in the first
year
so it's a crisis it's a very slow-moving
crisis and it's like the crisis you
don't pay attention to when you're
paying attention to the day-to-day stuff
but it is the thing that's gonna bite us
I want to go back to what we just heard
the president say today which is what
you know what's his reaction to the UN
report on climate change that was
delivered to him this week and he says
to those reporters oh I'm absolutely
going to read it now you're reporting
seems to indicate there is very little
chance the president's ever going to
touch or see that document he he doesn't
seem to be that interested in the in the
government he he's so the answer is yeah
that would seem unlikely right if he's
gonna read the thing but I think it's
kind of a reason for it I think that
look he has shied away from actually
embracing his job which is run this
operation right it's not being run it's
being run a very haphazard way he tells
himself a very simple story that it's
basically it'll run itself for he
doesn't have to think about it if he
were to collide with the actual
information that's inside the government
it would be jarring for his worldview I
mean I would just be too I think we'd be
overwhelmed by being how enormous the
task he's neglecting is and and that
what we're talking about here it's not
just this thing it's the society it's a
tool we have in the society to deal with
the biggest problems we have and it's
the only tool and he's basically letting
it fall apart when you say there are all
these unfilled jobs in the government
there's a lot of Republicans out there
who think great government doesn't do
anything worthwhile anyway in these
departments like energy and console her
culture they don't do anything we care
about
let's not fill it up with bureaucrats
and save those salaries let's take a
concrete example
all right so Rick Perry who's nominated
to run the Energy Department right
everybody runs the Energy Department
he's one of those Republicans who said
he's going to ax the Energy Department
but he was on they couldn't remember the
name but I but the minute he actually
collides with the Energy Department and
asked what does it do well it manages
the nuclear arsenal you get
that it's managing massive nuclear waste
cleanups around the country it is
basically a science project that the
future of industry is going to be driven
by the investments that they're making
insight and basic scientific research
the idea of eliminating this what
happens with all these people who say
we're just going to eliminate this stuff
they don't know anything about it right
the minute they go see what's going on
in there they see two things one it's
mission-critical and two it's attracted
people who were really interested in
mission they're not there for the money
except for some of the Trump people
they're there because they they care
about the weather service or they care
about the census or they care about
maintaining the nuclear arsenal and it's
really kind of inspiring I think that's
what surprised me going into these
places these people are the best among
us I mean they're there they are the
civil servants we we treat them like
they're dead weight but they should be
respected like the military that is
exactly what I felt in my experience
with them when I was working in
Washington we have hurricane Michael
named not after you I hope approaching
tonight we know that because of a
division in the Commerce Department
whose job it is to tell us how to
prepare for and when to move when a hurt
and they've gotten better and better at
it it got better and better at it I mean
that weather prediction has gotten
steadily better has gotten steadily
better in part because of the data
that's been collected inside the
National Weather Service and made
available a lot of geeks to hack away at
it and and these people who are there in
the Weather Service they take their
their role protecting life and property
very seriously and I think when you back
away I think what people just kind of
lose sight of is that the basic role the
government's keep us safe and it manages
a portfolio of risks that are absolutely
terrifying and we just assume they're
gonna do that even though all we do is
kick them all the time
and if we have been doing that for as
long as we've been doing that and then
you put a guy in charge of the thing who
has no interest in managing it we're
asking for something bad to happen yeah
I think of your readership at when I
think of Europe I don't think of
politics at all
I mean you've written books about Wall
Street written books that are universal
appeal and interest what do you
anticipate in your readership from a
Republican reader of your book versus a
Democrat
creator of your button I did the broad
message that I think everybody would yet
if they paid attention is that if we
were to money of all of society yeah
right we would invest in the we would
invest in the public sector that it's we
have under invested in it we've got
we've got a workforce that they're five
times more people over the age of sixty
then there are under the age of thirty
there's an equivalent thing going on
with the technology and the government
you can't run an organization like that
and so I think that so what would be the
difference between the Democrats
response everything gets so polarized I
mean I suspect what'll happen is
Republicans get defensive and Democrats
go yeah but what we need a candidates
who can actually like the government
gets doesn't sell itself it's forbidden
from selling itself doesn't market
itself ELISA exception of NASA in the
military we need people who can actually
go explain to the citizens what this
enterprise does the Commerce Department
the Agriculture Department and and
making them appreciate what it does so
there's political support for what it
does and so when somebody says he wants
to be present the first question
everybody asks is what are you gonna do
with this instead of just giving them a
pass on that question yeah this is an
invaluable book a look at the way the
government really works Michael Lewis
the fifth risk I don't have to hold it
up we got it on the screen Michael thank
you thank you it's forger next to happen
really appreciate it thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
