the NBC News justice correspondent Pete
Williams hi Pete I have a couple
questions for you on on parts of the
suspected news that we have that we
don't seem to have updates on this issue
of explosives and the issue of did he
have accomplices okay on the explosives
they have found some explosive devices
at his house but these I would described
as very unsophisticated things like a
Molotov cocktail and something a
pressure cooker device but I don't know
that it was fully assembled the devices
at the school we've been told for
several hours were two pipe bombs but we
don't believe that any of these
explosive devices went off today none of
the injuries that we've heard of are
consistent with explosives they're all
gunshot wounds now some of the students
said they heard loud booms but remember
he had a shotgun and if you fire a
shotgun inside a building it's gonna
make a law allow you're gonna hear the
echo in the hallway what a thing in a
yeah it'll sound different than someone
firing a pistol for example or even a
rifle so I think one thing that's
unusual about this is it doesn't have
many of the hallmarks of previous school
shootings in this sense it's not a
person who gave off obvious warning
signs the teachers say he didn't turn in
disturbing homework he didn't have
strange things on his websites
he wasn't complaining he didn't have a
history of mental problems the only
thing he told some students about is he
worried about being bullied and the
second thing is he didn't come to school
with a semi-automatic weapon that what
the governor and the investigators have
said is that most of the gunshot wounds
were from the shotgun
and the the other thing he had was a 38
caliber revolver the old-fashioned kind
of pistol like you see in the westerns
not the more street smart ones now that
you see that people put the ammunition
clips that have high-capacity a revolver
can only hold like six rounds at a time
so it's unusual in those two senses it
you know taking a gun to school can
still be very deadly I this idea that
there may have been other people right
this is this frequently happens at the
beginning of these scenes where people
swear they're all there may have been a
second and sometimes it's just you hear
a shot from another thing to you must
there had to be a second person how much
of that is this or they did question a
couple state yeah well I think this is
dip
where people think that more than one
gunman was involved right that's not the
suggestion here they're still trying to
figure out the activities of two people
one person who seemed to be doing some
strange disturbing things afterward
which may suggest that he had advanced
notice and the second person who was
doing some strange things before the
shooting so what they want to know is
did anybody else help him plan this
obviously this was planned well in
advance he had to build these explosive
devices he had to take them all to
school get the guns although that
apparently wasn't that difficult he got
them from his father and and then you
know so this is obviously well planned
did anyone else help him is the question
do we know much about his home situation
I say this because if this is
well-planned you have journals
essentially saying I'm going to do this
and then I'm going to kill myself you
know question I'm gonna have is where's
the parent so and did he have a troubled
family situation is it two homes what do
we know here not that we know of at this
point I mean I think that's frankly a
question we don't know the answer to but
there's no obvious answers to it so far
and in terms of the sort of warning
signs that school officials would look
for or that the police would look for
you had no brushes with the law it's not
like parkland where in hindsight
everybody's like oh god yes that doesn't
mean there was a lot of warning signs
that Nicholas yeah neighbors were saying
that he was killing small animals that
kind of thing on of that with this thing
is like the kids come out so far where
or do they believe these guns were legal
and that these guns they know for sure
were in the father's home so first of
all he podg√≥rze is himself could not
have bought these weapons legally
seventeen right right so you have to be
21 to buy a handgun you have to be 18 to
buy a rifle or a shotgun but it was not
illegal for him to possess them if
someone who bought them legally gave
them to him nor for example would it be
illegal for a 17 year old to buy one of
these weapons from somebody across the
street he just can't buy it from a
licensed gun dealer but we still don't
know whether the father let him just
shoot these guns as I'm sure many people
in Texas do let their children learn how
to use guns or whether he took them
without his father's knowledge or
permission to use a shotgun to shoot as
many people
did he it means he's quite good or quite
proficient or do you I'd say you'd say
that I was just gonna say is that an
indication of proficiency or not no
because a shotgun is the number one or
one of the most commonly used weapons
for self-defense and the reason is
unlike a conventional weapon which
shoots a single bullet to the target a
shotgun puts out a spray of little round
pellets so you don't have to be terribly
accurate and aiming a shotgun especially
in a confined space like a classroom or
a hallway to be lethal with it Pete
Williams with another story that while
there are some different details big
picture feels like we've done this way
too many times oh yeah hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
