KPRC our NBC station in Houston is
issuing the first picture that we've
seen of this 17 year old there it is and
Pete Williams standing by in our
Washington bureau with more news on this
beat yeah these are pictures from his
social media Brian he's well known in
the community you know long before we
chose to report the name based on all
the confirmations we had his name and
these pictures were circulating locally
so it's only natural that as we
predicted before the day was out that
his identity would be known Demetrios
podgórze says he used to play on the
football team I don't believe he was
currently enrolled on the football team
and according to the officials I've
talked to in our own search of social
media nothing has turned up there that
would indicate any adherence to any kind
of radical ideology he wasn't a follower
of Isis he didn't appear to be a
follower of any kind of known hate group
he had I guess you could say and not a
typical teenage interest in a lot of
disparate causes and interests but
nothing that really adds up to anything
that would indicate why this had
happened the only thing that we've heard
all day
from some of the fellow students is that
they believe he was bullied that he
complained of being bullied but that's
the only thing that we've that heard
that indicate one way or the other I
think the picture is becoming clearer
here now of how this happened we had
wondered earlier today because of the
reports that the fire alarm sounded that
that would indicate that perhaps whoever
was involved in this whether it was he
himself or someone helping him pull the
fire alarm to draw people out of
classrooms in the school where they
could more easily become targets but
based on an analysis of you know what
we're hearing from the witnesses it
appears that he did enter the school
several witnesses have said wearing a
trench coat to conceal these weapons he
was carrying and began to shoot inside
at least one or two classrooms and then
we've been told by federal officials
that he was confronted in the school
building by the school security officer
who was seriously wounded they exchanged
gunfire and whether the student podgórze
--iz was able to continue
shooting after that or whether that is
the end of the shooting rampage we don't
know the answer to that but we do know
that he was confronted by the school
safety officer who was seriously injured
and was medevacked to a nearby hospital
for treatment as we've also been
reporting they found at least two
possibly more explosive devices we were
told that they were pipe bombs which he
apparently carried there in a duffel bag
or a backpack we haven't heard any
reports that they went off and in terms
of whether they were fully working
devices or hoax devices or what we don't
have a good answer to that yet in part
because in the slow process of clearing
the school which was the first priority
basically authorities were simply giving
those devices a wide berth until they
went through the whole school and made
sure that no other victims no other
potential attackers were inside the
school and that it had cleared from that
perspective then they could turn their
attention to these devices and and I
don't know whether they've been rendered
safe are not yet so we don't we don't
know anything about anything more about
them other than we've heard from several
sources that they were pipe bombs which
is a fairly low-tech kind of explosive
but nonetheless one that can that can be
you know quite destructive Pete can we
talk about the two elephants in those
photos of the kid especially perverse
since he's accused of killing ten people
today and that is the peace symbol and
the heart yeah I've heard that various
explanations for what the heart means
and so I can't claim to be an expert or
say anything about it but as I say we've
also seen pictures of perhaps the code
he wore that day that he had previously
posted on his social media that have a
whole bunch of different symbols and
they don't really add up to anything
other than a sort of eclectic interest
in a whole bunch of different kinds of
things but there's no there's no theme
that that emerges from any of that
okay I'm suffice to say his actions
today as accused speak in the other
direction
