Kentucky Senator Rand Paul was one of
just two Republicans to vote against her
and he joins us now senator yesterday we
know Gina hospital got confirmed
you didn't just vote against her you
single-handedly delayed the whole
process come I was still asking her
questions I'm still concerned about not
only her role in extreme rendition and
torture I think one of the things that
didn't really get discussed enough was
she was involved with waterboarding
which many of us do see it saves torture
and should not represent who we are as a
people but one thing that didn't get
talked enough about was we also rendered
people we had extraordinary rendition
where we sent people to Assad Syria you
know know that most people now say well
Assad as this barbarian that would gas
his own people he was also a barbarian
that would torture his own people often
people wouldn't leave alive and I think
really should we be rewarding and
promoting people who actually kidnapped
people sent them or blindfolded them
flew them around the world and dropped
him off and Assad Syria to be tortured
often to death there was a Canadian
engineer that was tortured there for
some time and even the Syrians finally
said oh woops
it was the wrong guy if you look at
senator Feinstein's report on torture 26
of the hundred and 25 people tortured
were the wrong person and so it gets to
this thing one of the things about our
country it was probably the greatest
thing about our country one of the
greatest things is the presumption of
innocence and that you get a jury trial
and you get a lawyer and all that went
out the window because some of these we
were frightened that these were or we
were angry that these were terrible
people but you know murderers are
terrible people but we have trials for
accused murderers to make sure we get
the right people and so I think was a
big mistake to a pointer and I'm still
very much opposed to her being ahead of
the see I am how big of a mistake
people say that you know Ben Carson
Betsy DeVos are completely unqualified
for their positions how do you put Gina
Haskell in this spectrum unqualified
there's just simply better candidates I
think it's more goes to the symbolism of
who should represent America in these
positions I have three family members
who serve in the military and I'm
concerned that the message we have sent
to the world is that really if our
people are captured that maybe tortures
not so bad since we have appointed
someone to run the
that actually by most accounts was an
enthusiastic supporter of the program
and really we never had anybody ask the
real question and that is extraordinary
rendition sending people to barbarous
regimes to be tortured above and beyond
not just waterboarding probing
electrodes all the kind of worst stuff
you can imagine and torture was done in
Egypt and done in Syria some say done in
Jordan as well and so really yes this is
a terrible mistake
to pre promoting her to be the head of
this agency because she's a
representative to the world of our
country you also sent a letter asking
her whether she knew about surveillance
of candidate Trump did she answer and
what do you know about that you know I
have my suspicions and there been a lot
of reports in the press that there was
British intelligence listening to Trump
administration officials and then
feeding that information of the CIA I
asked her very directed she answer you
yeah this is an interesting point I
asked her very directly did the CIA do
this she said emphatically that the CIA
never cooperated these are her words
cooperated with British intelligence
i reaiiy sent back the question and said
to be clear are you saying that the
British intelligence never shared
information with the CIA we couldn't get
that answer in writing but she told
senator Burr who then relayed it to me
in person would I accept his word and
his his honorable word that no this
never happened this is the word I was
related to the Jena hospital says to
Richard Burr no it never happened what
that seems very strange that you asked
her a direct question and she doesn't
respond she plays a game of telephone to
get it back to you and the reason I keep
pushing on it is because the president
has been tweeting about allegations that
whether it's the FBI or the Department
of Justice put a spy in his campaign
yeah I mean is that what you're talking
about - I'm worried that these are
conspiracy theories well no I think
that's why I wanted to get to the bottom
of this and typically people in the
intelligence community will only talk to
an ordinary senator if they have to
you've seen John Brennan being very
dismissive of me and any others who have
any questions saying he's not on the
Intel committee he doesn't get a right
to know this is a problem with oversight
of our intelligence committees is that
only about eight people know what the
hell our intelligence agencies are doing
what wars were fighting for what reason
and with what weapons only about eight
people know when they're typically
rubber-stamps for more war more
intervention and often more
extraordinary rendition and torture so
yeah I want to get to the bottom of it
but the bottom line is he or she was
emphatic and pretty clear that they were
not cooperating with British
intelligence the answer and I'm still
pushing this morning to get it in
writing is that the British they did not
receive intelligence from the British
intelligence to the CIA if it does that
does display else thinks this is crazy
how come it's only you well you know I
just want to get to the truth of the
matter and I want them to be on the spot
I'm for more transparency with these
agencies and I think I want them to
respond to us and I think often you know
other than Ron Wyden on the Intelligence
Committee and maybe Martin Heinrich
there are very few people asking the
tough questions on the Intelligence
Committee of what's actually going on
around the world and often they're given
classified answers then they're not
allowed to tell anybody what they've
been told so really there needs to be
more sunlight on all of this amen to
your request for transparency I hope you
take this mission to the EPA and Scott
Pruett to the president and his tax
returns I want to ask you about North
Korea do you think North Korea is
serious about walking away from the
summit or is this just gamesmanship and
this is how it works you know I think
they'll be jockeying back and forth and
I think there's a certain amount of
gamesmanship to it I think they wanted
to express that they're unhappy about
the military exercises they have been
for a decade or more they they always
express their unhappiness every time you
have these military exercises I think
from their perspective they may have
hoped that in doing the goodwill
gestures if you can call it goodwill I
guess of releasing political prisoners
and then also stopping nuclear testing I
think they had hoped for a little bit
more and they didn't get it but frankly
I think they'll be jockeying back and
forth diplomacy is about saving face and
about showing strength and so this will
go back and forth but I'm still very
hopeful that this is
a little bit of an ancillary or perhaps
a sideshow and that Singapore show us
the meeting still happens how do you
feel about the people around president
Trump who are focused on the North
Korea's situation I mean John Bolton
specifically was called out by North
Korea and this is a guy that called for
a preemptive strike just a few months
ago John Bolton is a very dangerous man
his ideas are dangerous and naive and I
would hope the president will discount
them and I have been encouraged though
and I wasn't it shows him why would you
discount somebody who you just ask to
the dance I realize that I you know my
hope is that there are a variety of
voices I try to be one of those voices
but I'm not there on a daily basis but
every chance I get when I talk to the
president I think you know I express to
him that a diplomatic solution is better
than a military one and I think actually
you know as much as I've been a critic
of some of the people surrounding him
the fact that Pompeo had already gone to
North Korea did sway me a little bit in
the end in voting for Pompeo is that
there is some outrage towards diplomacy
there has been this bellicose rhetoric
but now there's also this ability to
give diplomacy a chance so I am still
very very hopeful that there will be a
diplomatic solution if he does I think
it will defied all expectations left and
right you know the president has gotten
a great deal of criticism for the
bombastic rhetoric and yet if they come
to the table and there was actually a
meaningful diplomatic solution to Korea
he'll have done something no one's been
able to do in 70 years without a doubt
and there were a lot of people who voted
under the idea it's just so crazy it
could work you were talking about
speaking to the president and I remember
last fall
Axios called you the Trump whisperer and
they said that you spoke to the
president a few times a week and could
really get your mission out fast forward
president picked john bolton who you say
is extremely dangerous
he picked Geena Haspel we know what you
think about that and he signed a budget
that I know you don't like have you lost
that special connection you know the
interesting thing I think sometimes
things are overstated so to say that I'm
the Trump whisperer that somehow I'm
influencing him probably
overstates and I do talk to him
periodically and I do have a connection
with the president and it's interesting
that when I talk to him I feel as if he
is for less intervention that he truly
does want to leave Syria people say well
he's staying any bomb Syria
I still think though that he can won
both at the same time and I do think
that he doesn't want a big land war to
continue in Afghanistan I think he truly
did think the Iraq war was a mistake and
my point of view is that we've been at
war too long in too many places and I
will do everything I can and if I have
any influence with the president I will
continue to try to influence him that
it's time to come home I'm for declaring
victory in Afghanistan and coming home
we spend fifty billion dollars a year
there that we don't have and some of
that could go to pay down the debt and
some of that could go for other things
that we need here at home but have you
grown weary with that exact sentiment I
believe that every time you speak to the
president he is in agreement with you
he's not pushing to the extreme but when
he's done talking to you and he turns
and it could be a Stephen Miller it
could be a John Bolton it could be
somebody on Twitter who likes him the
president changes his tune we've all
learned he's a salesman and a chameleon
and he basically says whatever the
people in that room like well one of the
things I would say though that he is
consistently I think he said it
yesterday again the Iraq war was a
mistake and there's a big lesson there
it's not just a historical footnote the
idea of regime change was a mistake and
so when I hear about them saying oh they
want regime change in Iran I try to
emphasize that you know the president's
been very clear that a regime change in
Iraq didn't work and then I try to draw
the parallels that regime change in Iran
I think would create another vacuum in a
disaster the same way regime change in
Syria would so while John Bolton wants
regime change in Syria and he was picked
by the president I actually don't think
that's the president's position to be
for regime change in Syria and so I
think we all do the best that we can we
all want our ideas or what we believe in
to succeed and so we do there are best
to influence those who are in positions
of power vote the way we can have a
debate and we all acknowledge that we
don't always get you know our away in
the end we open our hearts and minds and
we try to be our best selves senator
thank you so much for joining me today I
appreciate it hey there I'm Chris Hayes
remember
see thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube
if you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
