you are on the committee to investigate
Russia representing Hollywood on that
committee your thoughts at the end of
one year and where we are as we've
watched this week Rudy Giuliani and
others say not only that the
investigation is illegitimate but that
when its findings are presented he will
in fact in the White House will in fact
tear it to shreds well I mean we're you
know this is breakneck speed for an
investigation of this magnitude we've
never seen anything like this we have a
foreign power basically trying to
undermine our democracy and the
possibility that the president the
United States is in a conspiracy with
that foreign power this has never
happened before in this country and you
can see why the other side is is is
putting out a full-court press because
they know that what's coming down the
pike conceivably it is the biggest
scandal in American history and we are
fighting right now for the soul of our
democracy and I want to say one thing
about what's happening in terms of the
medium we can get into shock and awe
which is all about the you know the free
press and the attack on the Free Press
and how difficult it is to get the truth
out if you guys look at your specific
ads that you have for your network there
are two ads that you run which basically
focus on the importance of a free and
independent media and a free press
we're on you're under attack the press
is under attack and right now if you
remove the ability to get the truth out
then you're gonna have the destruction
of democracy we don't have anymore
there's no checks and balances from
coming from the Congress right now the
courts are holding but this is the first
time in American history where you have
a state-run television Fox brought in
and Alex Jones aligned with the
President of the United States that's
very very tough the battle lines have
been drawn and we're going to see
whether or not democracy survives
Robbie you know more
just about anyone about storytelling and
I wonder if you can sort of I know you
know a lot of the granular details that
the story about Russia's role in
meddling in 2016 but I wondered just as
storytellers if the coalition you just
listed the President of the United
States his lemmings in in the House
Republican freedom caucus who were doing
his bidding basically waging a war
against the Trump appointee led Justice
Department FBI the network you just
listed are they doing a better job
telling what is a false story than the
truth tellers are doing know the truth
tellers are telling the better story the
problem is that when you've got 40% of
the country that is only tuned in to the
lies and they are cemented it's very
it's going to be very hard for the truth
to break through when all of the
information comes out you have to
understand this is a counterintelligence
investigation these things normally take
years and years to unfold we're seeing
Bob Muller work at breakneck speed I
mean he's gotten like you say all these
indictments and guilty pleas and this is
all within a period of a year when you
compare it to Benghazi for years the
Clinton investigation that eventually
wound up with with an impeachment was
six years so this is one year and you've
just laid it out Nicole with the the
volume of what's happened in a year it's
astounding I do believe and I you know
go with your earlier guest Jon Meacham I
have hope that democracy will survive
we've been tested before but make no
mistake about it we are being tested
right now as to whether or not
241 years of self role will emerge so
Rob mentioned his new movie shock and
awe it all ties in here it chronicles
the true story of journalists who were
credited with getting it right in the
lead up to the Iraq war with reporting
that question the nature of the Bush
White House is justification for that
war morning Joe now has the exclusive
first look at the trailer let's take a
look
simply stating there is no doubt that
Saddam Hussein now has weapons of mass
destruction they're dialing up the
rhetoric on Iraq let's see if we can
nail them down okay let's get to work
working on a theory of the
administration has already decided to go
to war and now focused on how to justify
it it's not a theory we're working on
something important that's why I'm here
to make you an offer
jogo Wow an even walks like he has a
Bronze Star what do you want to know
everything the administration doesn't
want to know a secret war planning
brutemen has been set up in the building
where I work and which building is that
the one with five sites how real is the
chatter about a rock very are you
looking into an Iraqi connection always
actually come out and said I think
publicly maybe it's just backroom
speculation can we hit it harder than
this I know that a man named Ahmed
Chalabi wants to replace Adama saying
that the neocons are pushing for the
invasion and you are quickly becoming my
favorite
group is coming from every major media
outlet in the country except yours I'm
speaking to you because I'm an American
citizen and I don't like what these
people are doing you got to see this
where we do the government says
something you only have one question to
ask is it true search is underway to
find those responsible we write for
people whose kids get sent to war
our readers need to know presidents can
invade Iraq we're gonna run or whether
he comments or not
whose is that
there's always something you don't see
coming
I don't care about the truth they want a
war they're gonna get one
in all due respect sir horses might even
be in this room did you actually have
sources in the room no it was fun
watching them sweat like oars in church
Wow that is an incredible cast first of
all Rob so we're talking about
knight-ridder here which is right out
McClatchy just give a little background
here about why they were exceptional in
those years leading up to the war well
there were four journalists at night
Ritter and they got it right and
unfortunately they didn't break through
there was a mindset in in mainstream
media at the time and we were all
wrapped up after 9/11 and patriotism was
running very high and you know every
administration puts out propaganda to
try to sell a policy or in this case a
case for going to war and these guys dug
down deep and they got some great
sources that weren't necessarily at the
top level people who were willing to
talk and they got the story right
unfortunately like I said they were
unable to break through and you can see
how difficult it is to get the truth out
on an important story like this and so
it resonates hopefully with what's
happening today because as hard as it
was for those guys it's even more
difficult when you have mainstream media
on the other side and Fox's mainstream
media pushing back the other way so it's
a cautionary tale about how we have to
really fight for a free and independent
press I mean in the room obviously I was
part of the Bush White House at this
time but I want to ask you I mean they
were proven right when no WMD work I
mean they were proven right in real time
and I'm curious what your theory is on
why this story wasn't told at that time
I mean I I haven't heard I haven't seen
this all assembled like this until I
just watched the trailer but they were
they were proven right well before 2018
right right oh no though they were
proven right pre pretty soon after the
invasion yes they were the one thing
that the four journalist told me is that
they were given no oxygen in other words
that the administration Bush and Cheney
they never addressed any of the articles
that they printed for fur knight-ridder
and so because of that are the only
things that came out
on mainstream media and through the New
York Times and Judy Miller and it's an
interesting clip at the end of the movie
where Judy Miller is on the Jon Stewart
Show and they and they said well we we
all said the same thing and he says well
Jon Stewart says well they're not
everybody said that same thing and he
said well she said the only people that
got a right were people from
knight-ridder but they just were never
given any oxygen to get their story out
hey Rob Donny Deutsch real pleasure to
talk to you I've been a big man over the
years you know you've been thing this
movie just looks phenomenal obviously
the timing is impeccable you keep
talking about the truth in one of your
great movies you know Nicholson's line
you can't handle the truth what do you
think the truth would have to be for
those 40 percent out there those Trump
Ian's to really what level does it have
to go to what does mother half doing
your mind as a storyteller come through
so that even that 40 percent says yeah I
mean you know the way that is the great
question because right now we have
enough for any rational person to look
at this to say this is crazy
aside from all of the the corruption
that's going on and on other levels but
I would think and even if you know
President Trump said this I could shoot
somebody on Fifth Avenue and no but I
wouldn't lose any supporters so would he
have to shoot would he have to be on the
phone with Putin saying listen if you
get me the presidency I'll help lift the
sanctions Thank You Vladimir and hang up
for that philately said it's gonna need
that it really will be and even that
they're gonna say oh they faked his
voice they they they dubbed his voice
they had somebody you know as Alec
Baldwin or something it's almost
impossible well we can't wait to see the
movie Rob it looks fantastic it's called
shock and awe it's available exclusively
on DirecTV starting on June the 14th and
then it'll be in theaters on July the
13th Rob Reiner always a pleasure thanks
for being with us thanks for having me
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
