release Senate testimony this week for a
bill that senior members of President
Trump's campaign were hopeful to get
damaging information on Hillary Clinton
from Russia and last night Sean Hannity
and president Trump's lawyer Rudy
Giuliani said anything goes when it
comes to opposition research if I wanted
to get information if I was if I was
working for your campaign you're running
for president I wanted to get
information and somebody told me says oh
I've got information on your opponent
your proponents Hillary Clinton doesn't
matter who it is if I sit down and say
what he got no no no no you're not
responsible how would you even know
where the person got it they're not
going to tell you but in the case of the
2016 Trump Tower meeting with Russians
the claim they are not going to tell you
doesn't hold up very well in that case
the promise of opposition research
arrived in an email with the subject
line Russia Clinton private and
confidential and began by mentioning the
crown prosecutor of Russia and it
explicitly states this is part of Russia
and it's government support for mr.
Trump you've worked on campaigns Nicole
Wallace a lot of people al gore John
Kerry President Obama to fight in I have
never ever ever been in receipt of
anything from Russians and if I had or
Israel I mean in Russian is an American
adversary so it's actually the most
extreme and black-and-white example the
kind of information that you would never
touch there are others that might be a
closer call you know the UK Israel you
don't take anything from a foreign
government ever and if someone contacts
you you go straight to a campaigns
general counsel or campaign manager and
you get rid of it you call authorities
but this idea that everyone does it it
might be I really never got very far
with all due respect and in the
campaigns he waged but it it's a miracle
that he never got in trouble before this
it is not standard operating procedure
not just on presidential campaigns but
on any campaign Michael Smith this seems
to be a narrative that there we've heard
now two nights in a row Rudy Giuliani go
on Fox News and say whether it was me
running for president whether it was
President Obama or bush or anybody else
who's there
run a campaign there's always opposition
research and he made the equivalence
between that and the soliciting of
information with Russians I think Rudi
is doing exactly what the president
wants the president wanted someone to go
on cable television and be his advocate
and push back on everything I'm not sure
there's a grand strategy to any of this
because they have thrown so many
different things out there whether it
was about the stormy Daniels payment or
his you know Giuliani's constitutional
law interpretation that the president
can't be subpoenaed right they've made
it all sort of confusing if you're the
average person at home you hear all
these things coming out Giuliani's doing
you know must be doing a half dozen
interviews a day but he is doing what
the president wants he is being that
advocate that he felt he did not have
under his previous lawyer it's not just
that they got the email look what they
did once they got the email they said
hey love it want to meet not only me
come over to my dad's tower and guess
who I'm gonna bring along the entire
leadership of the campaign so we can
have a conversation about it and then
afterwards maybe we'll have the
president go on Air Force One and have
to come up with a cover story to be able
to talk about it that freaked out the
rest of the staff and that's why what
you're right what they're trying to do
is a half the money the waters they know
where this thing is gonna go right it's
gonna end up in a massive showdown where
they need to totally discredit each and
everything that Muller does and let's be
honest I think they've been fairly
effective at that if you look at how
Republicans view this and how many
Republicans stand behind him at the end
of the day this is all going to be about
it does end the debate we use the term
yesterday collusion curious I mean it
does end the debate about whether or not
they tried to collude they tried it's
over I mean there's no more secret the
whodunit is over they tried to collude
with Russia whether or not they
succeeded I imagine that's the open
question whether or not they knew what
they were doing I'm willing to accept
that's an open question but did they
attempt to collude with Russia clearly
but it wasn't the slickest operation
created emails about it and invited the
entire campaign to come to the meet but
as many law enforcement officials have
pointed out Susan the fact that you're
collusion didn't work doesn't make it
not something that should be prosecuted
and looked at you attempted collusion
yes and that's an
here's part of the danger just to touch
on what was said earlier is that this
administration and Rudy Giuliani going
out there has done so much to destroy to
discredit law enforcement I mean which
from saying Obama's FBI it's not Obama's
FBI it's not Trump's FBI it's the
Americas FBI and they're trying to
undermine that and what I'm concerned
about now as time goes by not that
Muller shouldn't have as much time as he
wants but there can't they can't fight
back there's no one kind of putting out
their side or at least standing up I
mean there's a few of us a try right
there are a few Republicans but there's
not many and that's a big problem
because I think their strategy is
starting to work we also just go what
Giuliani said with a straight face that
the American that President Trump
deserves an apology this several days we
said it's been proven there's no
collusion those was a proven there's 19
indictments out there and it's so
stunning in his pathetic almost unhinged
insult of basic intelligence of basic
facts and the only smart thing the Trump
has done is he's passed that mantle on
to him you know the thing about Trump
that's interesting if you look at the
last few weeks is Rudy's showing up
there isn't a lot of it yesterday he had
his tweet but you know he's basically
turned Rudy into his voice and it is it
is so pathetic for a guy that we lived
in this city that was at once a great
mayor and then starting with his you
know exploitation after 9/11 that that
was just sinful and to have him to end
it up down at this pathetic he's
pathetic out there shame on him and and
it's just sad to see is just but the
president is also taking a campaign
strategy and that's what he wanted from
Rudy he wanted campaign Rudy out there
because let's face it when Donald Trump
came into the scene he had two percent
you know approval that kind of thing and
he took down verbally every single one
of his opponents he took them down in
the most disrespectful way we never
thought he would make it that far and
that's what he's doing now with any of
the opponents anyone who speaks out on
behalf of Muller or just law enforcement
itself thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
