Watergate Senate hearings here from
Washington is NBC News correspondent
Garrick Utley good morning this is the
Senate caucus room in Washington DC and
it's jammed this morning jammed with
spectators newsmen senators and their
aides and the scene adds to the sense of
drama as the Senate opens what is likely
to become the most serious investigation
that has ever made this investigation of
the American political system and the
presidency itself Fred Thompson there in
the foreground and the use of the word
newsmen you don't hear that much anymore
well today may 17th is a bigger than
average day where presidential
investigations are concerned 45 years
ago on this very day the Senate
Watergate hearings that would lead to
the end of the Nixon presidency got
underway and of course just one year ago
former FBI director robert muller was
appointed special counsel a consensus
choice at the time with us tonight is
our friend Jon Meacham Pulitzer Prize
winning author historian MSNBC
contributor importantly his brand new
book is called the soul of America the
battle for our better angels and we're
happy to report it's on a lot of night
side tables across this country tonight
John before you even begin I want to go
to a quote from a fellow Tennessean a
man whose words if you were of age
during the Watergate hearings most
Americans were able to quote this
passage from memory and are still able
today this is Senator Howard Baker
Republican of Tennessee I primary thesis
is still what did the president know and
when did he know it
so John other than rocking a seersucker
suit as so many Tennesseans have learned
to do you're asked all the time how is
this similar to Watergate how is it
unlike Watergate there's your setup
right well there's legal time and
there's political time and robert muller
like Archibald Cox like Leon Jaworski is
moving according to a more geological
clock than the politics or the media
would would like it to be senator Baker
there that
you know the hearings opened exactly 11
months after the break-in and it took
then another 14 15 months I guess before
Nixon's resignation
President Nixon only resigned after the
Supreme Court ruled that he had to hand
over the tapes there was a tape from
June 21st 1972 that had him asking I
think the CIA to block the FBI or maybe
vice versa into the investigation of
Watergate and these things move more
slowly than people tend to either hope
for or remember and I think we're gonna
see that here this is immensely
complicated we're we're not even sure
exactly what all the issues are but in
point of fact that was true of Watergate
we think of the break-in and then then
the leading to the resignation and kind
of the frontline PBS documentary
storytelling way but there were a number
of what became known as the White House
Horrors that ultimately became part of
the investigation and so I think we are
in what another figure from from that
era destined to be White House chief of
staff Donald Rumsfeld called unknown
unknown hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
