counselor I'm going to give you the last
word after reading this to you about how
they intend to perhaps prep the
president for sitting down with Muller
this is from Politico the planning
meetings to be held during off-hours at
the White House and perhaps over games
of golf at Trump's private courses
Giuliani said will mirror Trump's 2016
debate preparation in which aides
briefed an impatient president in
several brief sessions over many weeks
Giuliani said the briefings will likely
begin after Trump returns from that June
12 summit in Singapore with North Korean
leader Kim jong-un if a Muller interview
is agreed to and that's what I want to
get you on I don't know if you do
predictions do you think Muller and the
president ever sit down as close as you
and I are sitting here tonight they
better they better
and they better do it for more than a
golf game or two because they're walking
into a hostile environment Brian I mean
they will Mahler and his team will be
respectful they will be professional but
they will be loaded for bear they'll
have the emails they'll have the
documents they'll have the questions and
the answers and you just can't go in
there and sort of dictate the terms of
an interview with a set of really
aggressive professional prosecutors I've
never had it did it I've done it for a
long time it never happens that way and
so they need to be prepared and the
president mr. president you need to
prepare for this like no other not there
sit in a debate this is a real deal hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
