and tonight's rewrite Donald Trump and
animals for the last two days the
President of the United States has been
trying to rewrite some people into
animals we have people coming into the
country of trying to come and we're
stopping a lot of them but we're taking
people out of the country you wouldn't
believe how bad these people these are
people
these are animals and we're taking them
out of the country at a level at a rate
that's never happened before
Roberto Beristain worked his way up from
a dishwasher at Eddie's steak shed in
Grainger Indiana until he could afford
to buy the place which he did Roberto
employed twenty people he was a sponsor
of the local Little League he was
married raising a family when he became
one of the animals who Donald Trump
talked about yesterday and was deported
Trump defenders immediately claimed that
the president was only talking about
members of the gang ms-13 which is not
true
he did not limit himself to gang members
when he was describing animals yesterday
but today he did ms-13 these are animals
they're coming into our country we're
getting them out when the ms-13 comes in
when the other gang members come into
our country I refer to them as animals
and guess what I always will here's
someone Donald Trump has never referred
to as an animal he is the white
supremacist who was arrested for
speeding his car into a group of people
in Charlottesville Virginia who were
protesting against white supremacists
and Nazis he was arrested and charged
with murder after he drove his car into
that crowd and killed Heather hire
Donald Trump has never called the 18
year old who killed 17 people or Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida
an animal kim janggun is suspected of
ordering the murder of his brother and
murdering countless officials in his
government and being part of a family
dictatorship that has starved hundreds
of thousands of North Koreans to death
and Donald Trump does not call him an
animal Kim Jang was he really has been
very open
and I think very honorable from
everything we're seeing Donald Trump is
wrong there is nothing honorable about
Kim Jong on nothing but dog Trump is
right not to call Kim Jong on an animal
Kim jong-un is a person a person who has
done very very bad things
calling people animals is an instinctual
roar that comes from deep in the gut as
the strongest language we can think of
to condemn people the history of human
civilization is a very slow collective
march toward enlightenment over
instincts like that religion and law
have played large parts in trying to
control our most dangerous impulses no
one is an animal in the eyes of the law
in this country that is why convicted
murderers are rushed into medical
treatment or emergency surgery when they
are injured or become sick in prisons
American law does not allow any of us to
treat anyone in this country like an
animal but American law is imperfect an
American's belief in their own laws has
always been imperfect Americans used to
turn out in large numbers to make a
mockery of the Constitution and a
mockery of American law by publicly
lynching black men women and children
thousands of them who those spectators
all believed were animals and a lot of
those people would not have been able to
enjoy a lynching nearly as much if they
thought they were lynching people and so
they smiled and laughed and chatted and
made small talk and enjoyed the thrill
of the sound of the snap of the neck
because like Donald Trump they believed
that the people they condemned were
animals there there are descendants of
those people who enjoyed those lynchings
living in those same states where the
lynchings occurred the states that
turned out and voted so solidly for
Donald Trump
but there are and there are descendants
in in those very same States descendants
of people who enjoyed those lynching
lynchings in those same states who are
ashamed of what their ancestors did what
their ancestors believed and recoil at
the sound of people like Donald Trump
calling people animals such as the
nature of the stutter-step of human
progress no one would condemn Donald
Trump calling people animals more than
Jesus Christ would Christianity is
filled with teachings aimed at stifling
our and gut instincts turn the other
cheek no country has made more of a
mockery of religion especially its
historically dominant religion
Christianity than the United States of
America has virtually every enthusiastic
attendee of a lynching in American
history was a Christian and many of them
were relentlessly determined haters of
other Christians many of them were
Christians who believed that Catholics
were animals simply because they were
Catholics everyone can now see how
perverse those forms of American
Christianity were and how perverse was
their belief that the people they were
lynching were animals historians and
future Christians will look back on the
President of the United States today
calling people animals 50 years from now
a hundred years from now and they will
feel something similar to how we feel
now looking at those lynching
photographs these aren't people these
are animals you will never be able to
forget that Donald Trump said that
because he promised us today that he
will always keep saying it and you know
that he will and you know that his rally
audiences will cheer him for it every
time he calls people animals every time
Donald Trump is clearly the least
religiously literate person in the
history of the American presidency I'm a
religious person shockingly because
people
are so shocked when they find this out
I'm Protestant I'm Presbyterian and I go
to church and I love God and I love my
church Donald Trump doesn't go to church
Donald Trump plays golf and he has no
idea that the single most important
concept in the religion he claims as his
own which was at the founding of
Christianity one of its most
revolutionary concepts is that God lives
in every person every person and that is
the concept that prevents Christians who
actually understand Christianity from
ever equated people and animals now
here's a trick question
for Donald Trump who said whatever you
do to the least of my brethren you do to
me another trick question for Donald
Trump next time he's publicly showing
off his Christianity is can you quote a
single thing that Jesus Christ ever said
for I was hungry and you gave me
something to eat
I was thirsty and you gave me something
to drink I was a stranger and you
invited me in I needed clothes and you
clothed me I was sick and you looked
after me and I was in prison and you
came to visit me if you went to Catholic
schools like I did you memorize passages
like that you memorize those words of
Jesus Christ and you remember them
forever but like everything else that
students memorize not all students
understand those words and so there are
Christians today who are insisting that
Donald Trump is absolutely right to call
gang members animals but to believe that
Donald Trump is absolutely right then
you have to believe that your religion
is wrong that your religion is wrong
about those people who Donald Trump
calls animals and that God does not live
in those people and that those people
never have been and never will be the
children of God and on this one on this
one you Christian followers of Donald
Trump
to choose should be an easy choice Jesus
Christ did not say I was in prison and
you came to visit me but you did not
visit these ms-13 gang members in prison
with me because these are animals so you
Christian followers of Donald Trump have
a choice tonight between the words of
Donald Trump and the words of Jesus
Christ because no matter how hard you
try on this one no matter how much you
torture yourself into trying to
rationalize and manipulate Donald
Trump's words you cannot manipulate the
words of Jesus Christ in the New
Testament and on this one it is
absolutely not possible to believe the
words of Donald Trump and the words of
Jesus Christ
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
