if you're not a lawyer the word
discovery is probably exciting to you
because it immediately brings to mind
Shark Week on the Discovery Channel
if you're a lawyer though that weird
discovery is exciting for a whole
different reason because in the context
of a lawsuit discovery is basically how
you use the court system to dig up new
information you might not be able to get
at any other way the discovery basically
means gathering evidence in in legalese
it's the pre-trial disclosure of
pertinent facts or documents by one or
both parties to a legal action or
proceeding well today an appeals port in
New York state ruled that this woman has
the right to gather evidence in her
lawsuit against Donald Trump her name is
summer service she's a former contestant
on the reality TV show The Apprentice
Meserve o says that Donald Trump
sexually assaulted her in the context of
that show she made that claim publicly
Trump called her a liar now she is suing
him for defamation President Trump
really didn't want the summer Davos case
to enter the discovery page excuse me
the discovery phase he petitioned the
court to block summer service from
discovery from gathering evidence but
today this court in New York rejected
the president's motion basically told
summer servos go for it
start discovery go gather evidence her
wish list is something to behold she and
her attorneys have subpoenaed MGM which
owns The Apprentice archives they're
demanding MGM turnover documents video
or audio that features Meserve Azure mr.
Trump talking about nazar voz they want
any recordings in which Trump speaks
about women in any sexual or
inappropriate manner
they're also subpoenaing the Beverly
Hills Hotel which is where servo says
Trump assaulted her
servoz subpoenaed all the surveillance
footage from the hotel during the period
of time when she says the assault
happened servos also subpoenaed the
president himself she and her attorneys
say they intend to depose him under oath
president has until May 29th to respond
to that subpoena it has been a slow burn
low profile case compared to a lot of
the other stuff the president has been
facing but discovery is going ahead oh
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of
other great videos
