Lia's radical far-left opponent is Tammy
Baldwin
who wants a socialist takeover of health
care
you know I'm sorry trying to say that
very nicely I've tried it she normally
had screamed they want a socialist
takeover now I said what's a socialist
takeover I'm trying to be nice kind of
has the opposite effect if you pointed
out that was President Trump earlier
tonight wisconsin toning down his
normally vitriolic language and pointing
it out to the audience he joked about
the fact that he could not fully attack
the democrats after several explosive
devices were mailed to prominent
liberals today he called for americans
to put aside their political differences
while then blaming liberals and the
media for creating a hostile political
climate but the recipients of the pipe
bombs are all frequent targets of donald
trump's heated rhetoric insulting
political rivals like Hillary Clinton
and former President Barack Obama and
the fake news media had become red meat
zingers for cheering crowds at his
almost daily rallies President Obama
along with Brennan and Platt Bird they
knew about Russia's attempt to interfere
in the election in September and they
totally burned it the radical Democrats
held hostage by left-wing haters angry
mob socialist fanatics deep state
bureaucrats you don't give power to an
angry left-wing mob a very dishonest
person crooked Hillary Clinton
the legendary Maxine Waters
a low IQ individual they'll go to a
person holding a son who gets paid by
Soros or somebody right that's what
happens
these are just dishonest terrible people
fake news enemy of the people CNN's the
words
joining me now Jennifer Rubin and
Jonathan Capehart both are opinion
writers for the Washington Post and
MSNBC contributors Jonathan is also host
of WNYC radios national political
call-in show America on the line welcome
to both of you
Jennifer I've been talking about this
all day and I don't even know where to
start at this point other than to say
words do matter and the job of
journalists will just start there where
he attacked journalists the job of
journalists is to are to be critical to
speak truth to power to call out
inaccuracies and falsehoods and lies and
to bear witness and if the result of
that work is negative that's something
politicians have to suck up and accept
that's right
listen I think we need to avoid any kind
of false equivalence here it's not
simply the political environment is bad
it is certainly not the case that both
sides are responsible there is only one
party here who has called for physical
violence either in rallies or cheered at
congressman who body-slammed a reporter
there's only one party that is making
xenophobia and bigotry really the core
argument going down the stretch there's
only one candidate one political figure
who has used the Stalinist term enemy
the people so although it's tempting
because everyone wants to be fair we
should be accurate above all and this is
the rhetoric that Donald Trump perfected
this is the rhetoric he used to get
himself elected this is the rhetoric
he's returned to as an election is
coming forward and he should accept
responsibility for what he has done no
one is saying that he has you know
instructed or told or there's any
evidence that a bomber directly acted on
his words but we should at least at this
point pause and say that he has
contributed to this atrocious climate
and that when these things happen people
who are a little bit off we're more than
a little bit off we'll take matters into
their own hands Jonathan Capehart I mean
at some point the fear of having that
blood on your hands
six bombs that we know now may have been
potentially bombs they could have
exploded they weren't fakes right people
could have died this could have been
that moment that day in America that we
we look back at for 10 or 20 years
Jennifer says there's no place for false
equivalency as you and I were talking
before the show there was only one right
response today and Donald Trump almost
got there
mm-hm and then he became Donald Trump
again right and and said but the media
but the critics but the Liberals but the
mob this was a day for presidential
leadership this was a day for the leader
of the free world to stand up and say
that what happened today is not only an
attack on our nation and an attack on
our values but it's also an attack on
democracy itself when you target elected
officials for assassination the
president and we talked about this many
times lacks that core element that's
needed for the occupant of the Oval
Office and that is empathy he is an
empathetic void in order for him to do
what you just suggested any president
should do it would require him to know
not just intellectually but intuitively
humanly that people's lives were put at
risk political opponents lives were put
at risk and that it was incumbent upon
him to put the self aside and let the
nation first but this is not the first
time no it's not this is not the first
time we've seen this happen and exactly
that is the the exact example that comes
to mind and when President Trump reads
nice words I start a stopwatch because
it's only a matter of time before he
reverts back to type now he did in the
first half of what he said was still
reading saying the right words but he
couldn't help himself and we might see
another charlottesville situation where
tomorrow or somewhere in a couple of
days he goes on right whoever said these
things Jennifer Rubin Maxine Waters
Hillary Clinton Eric Holder Bill Clinton
George Soros exercise what I call their
First Amendment obligations not just
rights I think it's an obligation to
test it
you know believe in the First Amendment
like I do believe that you you pet you
test it you push it so do the Koch
brothers so do a whole lot of other
people with whom these people may have
various disagreements at no point does
that exercise of your First Amendment
obligation cause you to cause there to
be a qualification that perhaps you
should be subject to a mail bomb a
potential attack somehow the president
is not understanding that he's maybe
fully understanding that he's conflating
these two things
critics of who you are or what you stand
for do not qualify for death in America
yeah it that would seem could be kind of
a basic premise of democracy but you're
right there's a disconnect and that's
because words and facts don't really
mean anything to this president he uses
them indiscriminately he weaponized his
language and so he really doesn't care
whether they wound physically or
otherwise he doesn't care on whether
they have an effect on people who will
then be mocked or ridiculed or
discriminated against so he uses
language as a way to stir his own base
and to reaffirm that bond he has with
that very fringe element in his base but
I want to emphasize something that
Jonathan said it's very easy to simply
say well there were bombs put in the
mail I think we should call this what it
was a coordinated attempt at mass
assassination they were they were men
who came out to kill people a whole set
of public officials and former public
officials for most likely their
political views and ideas and that is an
assassination attempt that we have never
seen on this scale with this many people
in a single day and I think it's worth
noting and the fact that the president
didn't understand the magnitude of the
crime here the magnitude of the domestic
terrorism and it is domestic terrorism
is somewhat concerning and that's
because of course for Trump really is
for Trump terrorism isn't terrorism
unless there's an Arab he can blame for
it so he doesn't recognize right wing
domestic terrorism as terrorism but in
fact I went back and I read the
definition of domestic terrorism which
is to find and this does mean it doesn't
meet that definition so
I think we at least in the media should
be very clear in the use of language
Trump is infamous for conflating
language and misusing language but we
should be very clear we should really
call things what they are and this was a
massive attempt this is fascinating what
you're saying Jennifer what what
Jennifer is saying and I've been
thinking about this all day because I
headed out the first we heard of these
bonds and I was covering it all day had
they succeeded and there are lots of
reasons why they didn't because the
Secret Service intercept some people's
mail and you know but had they succeeded
there could have been lots of people
dead in America tonight there's just no
space for taking this lightly no there
isn't
and you know just you're saying it that
way imagine if they had been successful
it just one would have been a tragedy
but two or three or four at some point
someone or actually it shouldn't be just
one person it should be a group of
people who stand up and say enough is
enough we've had enough of this it is
time to change direction under normal
circumstances you could easily look to
the President of the United States to be
that moral exemplar to push us in a new
direction we don't have that right and
so now it is incumbent upon speaker Paul
Ryan for the remaining weeks he's
speaker Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell to join with other Americans
say this this is unacceptable
not just because pipe bombs were sent
but the next time he goes off the deep
end yeah with his rhetoric I don't know
if that's gonna happen that's wishful
thinking but the first part at least
some of them lived up to today we did
hear from Paul Ryan and others who
didn't qualify their condemnation of
this thing in any fashion and I for one
an appreciative of that I'm appreciative
for both of you tonight thank you
Jonathan Capehart and Jennifer Rubin for
doing what you're doing for being
committed journalists who do speak truth
to power who do challenge inaccuracies
and who do bear witness it's important
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
