thing one tonight on Twitter yesterday
the hashtag him too was trending
nationwide for hours but it was not
because there was some new movement
starting it was all reaction to a single
tweet a photo of a sailor posted by his
mother quote this is my son he graduated
number one in bootcamp he was awarded
the USO award he was number one in a
school he is a gentleman who respects
women he won't go on solo dates due to
the current climate of false sexual
accusations by radical feminists with an
axis crime I vote
hashtag em to the online reaction was
Swift and hilarious and that thing too
in 60 seconds
the good people of social media love a
good meme and boy did they get a gift
yesterday with that this is my son
hashtag him to tweet featuring the
handsome sailor supposedly too afraid of
false accusations to date the memes came
fast and furious these are my sons this
is my son he won't go on solo dates even
though he never gave up let you down run
around or deserted you this is my son he
graduated number one from the University
of flavortown he was awarded three
banging fajita poppers he was number one
in flamin hot crunch this is my son it
won't go on dates with girls because
it's a giant mass of incandescent gas
and therefore too hot to handle there's
a Donald Trump jr. edition and this one
featuring the ever lovable Stephen
Miller the best reaction tweet of them
all hands down was this a recreation of
the original photo by Peter Hanson the
actual Navy vet pictured in the original
tweet and he explains quote that was my
mom sometimes the people we love do
things that hurt us without realizing it
let's turn this around a respect and a
hashtag believe women I never have and
never will support hashtag him - I'm a
proud Navy vet cap tag and Ally also
Twitter your meme game is on point
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
