NBC News reporting Paul Manta Ford's
former son-in-law has flipped he's cut a
secret plea deal with federal
investigators which could have
implications of both in Paul manna forts
prosecution and potentially in the
Mulder probe I'm joined by Democratic
congressman Joaquin Castro from Texas he
serves on the House Intelligence
Committee thanks for joining me a busy
news night your view of this breaking
news and any idea of whether it is
connected to the Miller probe I would
suspect that it is I think most of all
it's probably for Bob Moeller and his
team a way to put pressure on Paul
Manafort
to cooperate with them and that could
have a real significance for Donald
Trump and his other campaign associates
you're on the Intelligence Committee so
you know more than most and you know
more than I think sometimes you are
allowed to say under those rules but how
do you feel when you when you learn this
information that the reporting starting
with the Wall Street Journal Dow Jones
and NBC confirming alleges a January
secret plea deal so that while
everything else has been going on and
we've been doing all these discussions
and reporting and people around the
water cooler across the country that
would suggest the whole the whole year
Paul Manafort son-in-law has been
secretly cooperating with somebody well
I mean personally it makes me wonder if
it's just coming out now what he's been
doing for them since January how much
he's been cooperating and in what ways
and you know when all of this started
when the investigation started over a
year ago now obviously year and a half
shortly after that I was asked a
question what I thought the eventual
outcome of this would be and I said I
think in March of last year that I
thought that many people would end up
going to jail and we see that there have
been 22 indictments you know people are
on their way to jail now and I my sense
is that this will continue that more
folks will be headed to prison more
folks headed to prison that's that's an
interesting statement from you as I
mentioned on the house Intel committee
the congressman while I have you we
don't want to just talk Russia a lot of
other important things going on
including the ongoing debate about
immigration the president making these
comments yesterday referring to animals
crossing the border which today he
emphasized was a reference in his mind
he says to ms-13 gang members take a
listen to both the
comments so here we are stuck in the
middle but trying to decide we have
federal law we have state law and be an
ms-13 gang member I know about if they
don't we just the certain threshold I
cannot tell ice about them we have
people coming into the country of trying
to come in we're stopping on a lot of
them but we're taking people out of the
country you wouldn't believe how bad
these people are these aren't people
these are animals ms-13 these are
animals they're coming into our country
we're getting them out when the other
gang members come into our country I
refer to them as animals and guess what
I always will do you accept the white
house argument that plenty of
politicians talk tough about criminals
and gang members Rd view this as a wider
attack on immigrants well it's true that
politicians talk tough about gang
members but it seems like every time the
president talks about immigrants he
basically seems to assume that everybody
is part of ms-13 whenever he talks about
immigrants he always leads with ms-13 as
though he's casting everybody that's an
immigrant as an ms-13 gang member were
somehow saying that ms-13 gang members
are the embodiment of who immigrants are
and so it was very strange to hear with
President United States speak in such
dehumanizing terms the other thing
already is that it's clear that the
Justice Department and this
administration are going after people
and claiming that people are gang
members simply because they have
something like a tattoo on their body
which to them signifies that somehow
somebody is automatically a gang member
because they've got a tattoo so there's
not only been very disturbing and
dehumanizing language but the president
has used but very harsh and draconian
and cruel policies that he's pursued you
say dehumanizing take a listen to
something that has gone viral when we
talk about the the strains around
immigrant communities in this country
is this a Trump effect and are you
worried about how we relate inside this
country with people that individual
referencing whether people speak Spanish
which of course is a perfectly legal and
fine thing to do in the United States I
do think that it's at least partly a
Trump effect he is basically embolden
people to let loose on their prejudices
and let those prejudices fly and become
very open about that that's one video
that's gone viral but as you know there
have been very there have been many
others and so you know I suspect that
when the president continues with this
kind of rhetoric that we're gonna see
more of this hey I'm already Melvin from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
