in case you missed it wait what am I
talking about of course you missed it
because you've been staring at your
phone the whole time haven't you you're
trying to screen me a recent study found
Americans check their phones once every
12 minutes that's 80 times a day
yeah 80 that's my 9 o'clock hour maybe
we shouldn't at least not at night
here's why researchers are now linking
screen time at night with disrupted
sleep that in turn is linked to greater
depression and unhappiness so the
suggestion switch off your devices after
10 p.m.
easier said than done though people try
our world in our 24 hour world political
news comes at you fast and furious take
the president's tweets for example we
crunched the numbers 15 percent of the
33,000 plus tweets he is sent have come
between the hours of 10 p.m. and 6 a.m.
we can't miss that 15% god knows there's
just no time to unplug still I wonder
what would Washington would be like if
we all disconnected
could you even imagine a happy
Washington when everyone gets along
where we put our machines down at oh
wait sorry let me take care of this I
gotta go I gotta send it over to our
email we're sorry I gotta check my phone
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
