well joining me now is longtime
conservative commentator Charlie Sykes
MSN and MSNBC political analyst and
author of how the right lost its mind
and Hewitt also an MSNBC political
handles radio saying host of Hugh Hewitt
Saturday mornings right here on MSNBC
our gentlemen Hugh I'm going to start
with you and how do you defend the Rudy
Giuliani comments he all but admits that
the campaign if offered wanted to commit
a crime it's not a legal strategy it's a
political strategy and it's not a very
good political strategy it's pretty good
legal strategy because buried in there
is his assertion that the special
counsels office called him and assured
him that they cannot and will not indict
the president kind of buried the lead on
that doesn't go to whether or not the
president can be subpoenaed he also told
that in that interview that perhaps they
can't subpoena him we're not going to
sit down with him and every defense
lawyer so he's running a political
strategy to message I don't agree with
part of it but I do agree with the key
finding here which the New York Times
reiterated a year into this
investigation no evidence at his public
from the Special Counsel of collusion
Charlie it's what did you make of the
Giuliani comments and how defensible are
they well of course this is a political
strategy and we know what a poisonous
brew of transactional ISM and cynicism
to watch conservative commentators and
Republicans join in this attack on this
investigation when you think about and
by the way it is flatly untrue to say
there's no evidence of collusion you
have to be living under a rock or get
your news from Sean Hannity not to see
all of the signs our evidence doesn't
mean proof and they haven't actually
been charges but the signs of actual
collusion are all over the place
including that Trump Tower meeting look
I mean you know you just take a step
back and realize how important this
investigation is if there was a
conspiracy to attack American democracy
if the president the United States is
compromised by his ties to a foreign
power if there was money laundering if
there is pay-to-play
all of this stuff if there are if the
president the United States is lying
under oath if they'd ever got to put
these are the kinds of things that
matter that are important that the
American people need to learn about so
this visit
on the investigation is not just a
defense it's really kind of an attack on
American political culture and it's kind
of shocking to see how many
conservatives have bought into it you
you want to respond yeah well the
special counsels not being attacked I
think he had to be left alone and they
grabbed Rosen Stein ought to be left
alone Timmy he's being attacked witch
hunt is an attack it is an attack on the
overall process but not on Muller and
they're not gonna fire it would be a
disaster to fire robert muller i've said
that for a year and a half and i don't
really know many serious conservatives
who disagree with that in fact i don't
know any serious conservative ones but
they don't want him to be indicted they
don't believe he has the power
Federalist sixty nine says that the
president I States cannot be indicted
but I go to the much more important
thing instead of an endless loop of
talking points the New York Times today
revealed that there was either an
informant or a source inside of the
Trump campaign and people like Andrew
McCarthy who's respected by everyone
he's a never Trump or like Charlie and
and but Andrew McCarthy says he is now
deeply concerned over whether or not
there was a counter intelligent
investigation open 100 days from the
election on not enough evidence all
right Charlie though on that point it is
interesting that the president tweeted
to try to turn it into that when did we
lose the idea that maybe there was cause
well yes there there is obviously cause
you don't launch an investigation like
this unless there are indications now
again we don't know exactly what
happened and anyone who speculates about
what Robert Miller knows or doesn't know
is just engaging in base speculation
because the one thing that should be
obvious is this investigation is moving
incredibly fast it is incredibly wide it
is connecting an awful lot of dots and
the the unknown is really dramatic now
this whole notion that there is some
sort of a a mole inside the Trump
campaign now there's another way of
looking at that that if there is an
American citizen who sees possible
wrongdoing who sees this kind of
potential corruption and then does his
pizza party oh yes I whistleblower yeah
think about how many people in this
story should have picked up the phone
and called the FBI and now
suddenly were supposed to think that if
somebody did that that that's a sign
that something's wrong in this ride down
we need to be open to the fact that
maybe they ran an informant like Serpico
that was being controlled by
counterintelligence officials and that
would be troubling or maybe there was a
source who was a whistleblower which
would be a very different narrative I'm
trying to remain open and out of the
talking point loop because we really
don't know which way this is gonna go
yet and I'm waiting for the report from
the special counsel with great interest
okay but let me ask this I've been
thinking about the different scandals
that we've had where we've had these
moments and going back to Clinton going
back to Nixon what I find troubling here
is why isn't there an agreement among
Trump supporters that the that if they
did do what is alleged that it's wrong
oh there is I think I mean no that's not
what we heard from Rudy Giuliani well I
think Rudy would would agree that the
Russians attacking our election was
terrible it was agreed to by me and you
I mean but but but Trump is dismissing
Trump does not believe he had anything
to do with it I believe he believes that
and therefore he is he's taking he's
separating they did that that was bad
and by the way I'm building up NATO and
I have got nothing to do with that and
if that turns out not to be the case the
Republican Party will turn on Charlie no
see I think you're asking the
fundamental question here
now what is the worst-case scenarios the
worst-case scenario that you might have
had some sort of a conspiracy with the
Russians or money laundering or or the
president was compromised or is the
worst case scenario that that occurs and
that his supporters won't care about it
I really wonder whether Richard Nixon
would have survived Watergate in this
particular media and political
environment here because I think that he
was under estimating the tribalism that
we've seen on the right among
Republicans and the on a willingness to
stand up against this president so the
question is do they really want to find
out what is true and if they do why is
there so much push back to characterize
this as a witch hunter they not think
there are witches are they just not this
what this this was what's interesting to
me is I find that the tribe of never
Trumper czar is actually more insulated
from facts than media mainstream media
even center-left mainstream media seems
willing to read the New York Times and
read deep into it and see that they
buried the leaf the nevertrump errs
don't want to hear about any contrary
narrative I think the key thing here
intellectually honestly is to listen to
both sides await the report and be
willing to go in either direction the
facts lead us I want to ask a
hypothetical if Bob Muller at set
basically Bob Muller is gonna come to
the two of you Bob Muller's got the
goods it's a slam dunk he'd be in and
he's got it but he's got to present it
to the public and he knows that he's got
a skeptical forty percent what would
your advice to Muller to be if how to
explain what you got I'd take it to
Robert Goodlatte and I would take it to
chuck grassley as a independent council
report I would sit down with them not
like Starr not dropping on them without
any kind of warning I'd say this is
coming and I'm going to ask you in the
best interest of the country to
encourage everyone to read it line by
line and absorb its importance that's
how you get people to buy in is to go to
the chairs of the Judiciary Committee of
both houses are maybe the Intel
committees you might go over and find
the Intel people and ask them to do it
and then you will get people to give a
second pause good I think Grassley is
one of the rarest of of things in
Washington DC the honest thoroughgoing
like Orrin Hatch they've been around so
long they don't care Charlie what do you
make of that what would what's your
advice would your advice be to Muller
because look I look at that focus group
I highlighted yesterday I wanted to tell
Bob Muller you better watch this because
if you've got the goods you got to sell
it you have to sell it and you have to
sell it by being fact-based make it as
open as transparent deal with deal with
with the situation lay out exactly who
did what in his clear away as possible
so it refutes the kind of you know
conspiracy theories that Hugh was
peddling a few minutes ago so people
will understand if people be reminded
who Robert Muller was I mean oh just
remember a year ago when he was
appointed the universal respect for this
man you know remind people that this is
a genuinely bipartisan effort a
registered Republican former FBI
director appointed by a Republican
Department of Justice but again
facts can be stubborn things and this is
the one thing that I think a lot of
people were engaging in a lot of spin I
think it's fascinating to hear you talk
about talking points here we're dealing
with a lot of spin but the hard facts
that world which robert muller excels
and i i think is gonna be very powerful
that's interesting you it do you agree
with him that that there you're it's a
chuck grassley who else is somebody that
would be that that sort of trump
supporters would listen to a nation's
star by the way it's not a conspiracy
theory i just read the facts all right I
have to admit we may want to have more
time for the Charlie and Hugh's show
move over scare Moochie and avenatti
give me Sykes and Hewitt any hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
