Whitehouse has long denied president
Trump knew about any payment so why did
it take so long for the truth to come
out let's take a look at the many
different versions of the story back in
February Cohan claimed he paid out the
money out of his own pocket and was not
reimbursed by the Trump Organization or
the campaign so now that's a lie
then on March 7th White House press
secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told
reporters quote there was no knowledge
of any payments from the president and
he denies all of these allegations
nearly a month later on April 5th the
President himself told reporters that he
knew nothing about the payment and
directed all further questions to
Michael Cohen but during his media blitz
earlier this month
Trump lawyer Rudy Giuliani contradicted
the president telling Fox News Trump did
know about the payment and reimbursed
Cohen that led to the president tweeting
a lengthy informal explanation and after
weeks and weeks of walk backs from
Giuliani the president acknowledged the
payment on his financial disclosure form
and now to complicate things if they're
not complicated enough just this morning
stormy Daniels attorney Michael avenatti
said on Morning Joe there could even be
more women who received hush money from
Trump and Cohen they are not fully
vetted but there's at least two that I
think are on solid ground and I think
that as the evidence rolls out over the
coming months disclosures are going to
be made that my client was not alone as
it relates to these payments that
Michael Cohen was not a 24-hour
seven-day-a-week fixer for the sole
purpose of taking care of stormy Daniels
who two women who allege that they have
agreements with Michael Cohen or Donald
Trump correct and women who claim to
have had affairs or sex with Donald
Trump correct and these women are they
part of a larger payments I'm sorry did
they have larger payments paid to them
larger than 130,000 dollars yes okay
joining me now my friend from CNBC John
Harwood Rosalyn Halderman political
investigations reporter for The
Washington Post in Barbara McQuade
former US attorney and an MSNBC
contributor Barbara to you first
the oje did not recommend any specific
legal action instead it says just quote
you may find the disclosure relevant to
any
in curry you may be pursuing what does
the Justice Department do with that and
why do they raise this I think this is
something that would rightfully belong
on the plate of robert muller or maybe
this other district of new york and in
terms of looking into these things
i don't know that anyone would choose to
exercise their prosecutorial discretion
to charge just one isolated statement on
one of these forms but it is the
shifting stories that could show
consciousness of guilt that is really
interesting here why was this not
disclosed it should have been disclosed
last year why was it not disclosed it's
only being disclosed now that the whole
world knows about it what more is there
beneath the surface and so I think it's
appropriate that it be handed over to
the Justice Department for further
investigation because it could be part
of a larger story of financial
impropriety that's what sort of stands
out to me because when we just walked
through the different stories Michael
Cohen and the president and Sarah
Sanders and Rudy Giuliani have told us
over the last few months it doesn't make
sense I understand why the president
doesn't want to sit down with robert
muller why would anyone but if you're
innocent simply tell the truth so
Rosalyn walk us through how unusual it
is for a letter like this to be put
forward I believe it's very unusual that
you know it's important to remember that
the office of government ethics has a
sort of tradition of Independence but
there are Trump appointees involved here
and they made a decision to flag this
not in a informal verbal way over a
phone call but actually to send a letter
John we also learned new details about
Trump's businesses from your estimation
did it show significant changes in
income compared to past years before he
took office and do we have any insight
into how specifically Trump paid taxes
because he had said before it made him a
smart American to pay the lowest amount
of taxes possible that's true but
there's a difference between a smart
American and optimizing your tax bill
and being someone who avoids or dare I
say evades paying taxes no this doesn't
compensate Stephanie for the failure to
disclose tax returns it has some
information it shows that the basic
sources of income that the President had
from properties that he visited
repeatedly as president his hotel his
mar-a-lago his golf courses those
continue to be sources of income some of
them have revenue down some have it up
but you know he reported more than four
hundred million dollars in revenue or
income he there were some new businesses
started as our colleagues at the Wall
Street Journal pointed out since he's
been president that he reported income
from but we only have limited visibility
through to the intricacies of his
finances through these disclosures and I
do think Barbara McQuade made the right
point that it is unlikely that anybody
is going to prosecute a sole shift in
the disclosure report or failure to file
earlier but the entire pattern saying
that we don't don't have to report this
but we are in the interest of
transparency reeks of a justification
that was invented to cover the fact that
this is something that they had wanted
to keep secret and now it's public it
sort of goes back to my kids everybody
messes up everybody tells a lie it's
what you do after the fact and the
elaborate cover-up always gets you
Barbara I have got to ask you about
ronan pharaoh's stunning piece in The
New Yorker my head is still spinning
revealing that it's a law enforcement
official who is the one who leaked
Michael Cohen's financial records last
week now the official tells The New
Yorker Ronan Farrow that he or she did
it because other suspicious transactions
were missing from a government database
saying quote I have never seen something
pulled off the system that system is a
safeguard for the bank it is a stock
pile of information when something's not
there that should be I immediately
became concerned so this person who lead
to disclose this to Michael avenatti is
is putting him or herself at major risk
he was this person said they were
terrified of what the consequences could
be for them why would they go forward
and why wouldn't they
raise this to the Department of Justice
or Bob Muller scene why go avenatti yeah
I don't know you know it sounds like
this person at least perceives himself
or herself to be a whistleblower
detecting the removal from the database
of some suspicious activity reports I
suppose there are a lot of different
scenarios about why that could be
removed I do believe that investigators
have the ability to remove those very
sensitive reports because remember this
is a database maintained by the Treasury
Department of all the reports that are
received from banks of suspicious
activity and could it be Muller steam
asking for it to be removed it doesn't
an item eat something nefarious I think
it could because it can be accessed by
anyone in law enforcement if it is so
sensitive it may be that Muller's team
said you know this is something that we
don't want every agent every police
officer in America to be able to look at
and so we want to remove this from the
database so although this person may
perceive himself to have been a
whistleblower it could be that it was
Muller's team or the Southern District
of New York that asked to have it
removed just so that you know we've got
this and we don't need the whole world
to see it and perhaps leak it which is
what in fact happened as a result and
Barbara isn't there a difference though
between a leaker and a whistleblower for
the most part whistleblowers are
protected they are viewed as champions
and good guys and good women but by
going to someone like Michael avenatti
do you sort of lose your whistleblower
protection and status yeah I gave a talk
last summer called whistleblowers or
leakers the traitors are patriots you
know tell you about Edward Snowden and
others normally you can't sort of take
it upon yourself to share it with an
outside source you're supposed to take
it up to superiors within your
organization to show that so the right
step would have been to go up to his
superiors within law enforcement to say
I've noticed this irregularity maybe we
ought to investigate to see if there's a
problem here as opposed to going to
Michael avenatti and so I wonder if this
wasn't you know a story created after
the fact to protect himself as a
whistleblower for someone who may have
leaked but that exactly matter there and
I'm guessing if that leaker did try to
raise it within his own department and
they denied
or turned him away that would have been
part of the story so we would have heard
about it
Roslyn I want to share this other piece
too because you're reporting for the
post that Michael Cohen solicited went
after a million dollar payment from the
Qatari government in late 2016 in
exchange for access to the Trump
administration walk us through this
because it was September 2016 that Tom
Barrack who's had a relationship with
with the Qatari government in Qatari
Royals for decades took them to Trump
Tower to meet with team Trump they had
never met him before
what's Cohen doing here yeah what's
really interesting to me about this one
is it brings the Cohen situation just
that much closer to the Trump
administration what we understand is
that Michael Cohen met this Qatari man
who heads a basically a government
investment fund at a transition
fundraising breakfast in early December
and then he ends up having sort of a
side meeting with the man when the
Qatari delegation comes to visit Michael
Flynn the incoming national security
adviser at Trump Tower in December 2012
and what Cohen says to them is you know
he hears that they're going to be making
a major investment in u.s.
infrastructure and he says I can help
you do that I can help make that work I
can pave the way you just have to give
me a million dollars up front and the
Qatari is actually declined
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
