do you believe Muller would tell
Giuliani what he is and isn't planning
to do in the investigation like when I'm
watching this and Juliana it doesn't
seem to make sense to me especially
given all the things Giuliani's had to
clarify and walk back from in the last
two weeks you know obviously Giuliani's
credibility is at stake here and it's
been criticized in the past because he's
been inconsistent in various TV
interviews it is highly unlikely Mullis
showed his hand and said we will not
indict you unless there is some reason
for him to say that to try to induce an
interview by Trump but Trump might say
well why should I go to the interview if
I can't be indicted on the other hand
Trump may say well I have nothing to
lose I might as well go to the interview
and even if I'm charged with perjury or
potentially perjury I can't be indicted
so it's unclear whether Muller really
said this and it's certainly unclear
whether an assistant of Muller said this
because it doesn't sound like something
that would have come would have come out
of the special counsel's office okay
well I obviously don't know Robert
mother or his team but I want to play a
little more from what Giuliani said on
Fox and Friends specifically talking
about that team I asked him specifically
if they if they realized or acknowledged
they didn't have the power to indict
both under the Justice Department memo
which gives them their power in essence
confined their power and under the
Constitution they could probably require
documents to be produced that's what was
required of Nixon they could probably
require you to testify in a civil case
possibly even as a witness in a criminal
case but they can't let they can't
require you to testify and what would be
your own case because after all it's all
about a possible impeachment impeachment
has to come before indictment can you
unpack this for us well you know the
fact that he said that Nixon had to
provide documents is indicative of the
fact that there's the power in a
criminal investigation of President
Nixon to compel him to provide documents
and so it's really unclear what Muller
said if anything and Giuliani has
corrected his various TV appearances and
statements on these appearances so it
really really don't know what transpired
okay all right just a few months ago you
spoke with one of the people who wrote
those two legal
that there are two legal opinions on
whether or not a sitting president could
be indicted I know you spoke to one on
the beat a couple of months ago is this
black and white or is there wiggle room
or room for interpretation well here's
the deal sometimes during these stories
it feels like we're all going to law
school together and lately it feels like
we read Giuliani is just going to law
school while he's at FoxNews and he's
learning as he goes what he's referring
to in sort of a slapdash manner is that
there are office of legal counsel
opinions written in the Justice
Department as you mentioned we've done
reporting on this that have stated and
this is under both parties that the view
of the Justice Department is you do not
indict a sitting president that doesn't
mean they can't be an unindicted
co-conspirator it doesn't mean they
can't be prosecuted once they leave
office but that has been the view now
where does that kick in to Muller Rudy
did say one thing that is true in
addition the other things he said that
weren't true which is he referred to the
fact that rod Rosen Stein did write a
memo authorizing basically the powers
that Miller has and in it and under the
rules it says that he's bound by DOJ
policy so if what we're seeing on the
screen there is DOJ policy and that's
what we know to be the case historically
then yes Muller is bound by prior
writings and opinions that state they
don't indict sitting presidents that is
a fact or that is a set of rules that's
wholly separate from the private
negotiations that are being leaked out
of course my administration that talks
about how it doesn't like leaks in a
very hearsay slapdash manner okay Noel
is already correct in that Rudy Giuliani
might say a lot of things wrong he might
have to correct it after the fact he
might be getting corrected by the
mainstream media but the court of public
opinion that matters to Rudy Giuliani
and president Trump is the Fox News
audience and while he is saying things
that are absolutely untrue and we can
pick them apart
is this strategy working for him well I
think what Ari said was very important
because I think that in that piece that
pretty much relieves him of being able
to indict I think that they have get
they've grabbed that and they've made
that their narrative and that in the
talking point and I think I can
it's working and it's also we were
talking about something before we came
on the fact that Trump defines the
talking point that the news media
outlets are getting every day when he
doesn't like in my opinion when he
doesn't like where it's going then he
can send out a tweet and go now we're
gonna focus on Obama and some of the
nasty things that he did when he was in
office and it was unfair you know this
is unfair what they're doing to me so
one of the people talked about on the
shows
let's interrupt it for a new tweet that
Trump has to say the the narrative is
shifted but there are limits that that
stephanie was reporting on in the top of
the show which are those tweets didn't
keep the Skadden Arps lawyer who's
linked to Russian oligarchs out of
prison he's in jail right now those
tweets aren't keeping Paul Manafort out
from a case that a judge yesterday said
is gonna go about himself you got it and
I think you know I think one of the
hurdles that Bob Muller is gonna have to
overcome in this is what's the narrative
gonna be at the end of the day whether
it tries to indict or he tries to refer
this for impeachment to the Congress
he's gonna have to have a narrow a
narrative that has traction with
American voters you know Watergate
Republicans did not fall away from
Richard Nixon until the tapes emerged
and even then until they had the smoking
gun tape but I think there may be a
projection error there which is the
assumption that the things that we in
the public the politics or the media
care about are what Bob Muller cares
about because you're talking about a
narrative about Trump Bob Muller may not
care about whether or not Donald Trump
is remove Bob Muller may care about
fighting the facts and putting them out
what
one other thing to remember is Ken Starr
took the position or the independent
counsels office of Ken Starr that they
could indict a sitting president and and
so you have a lawyer sitting in jail
here you have only a one year
investigation whereas Benghazi was four
years and Hillary Clinton testified
under oath the the clear investigation
was two or three years forty people in
the Nixon administration went to jail
that took more than one year so this is
just really early on in the
investigation Henry Cisneros look at how
long that one lasted over a decade okay
I think people feel like Trump has got
things to do and this is interfering
with his ability to
you know do do global negotiations what
do you think people think Trump has to
do you think he's busy people think the
president Trump has has things to do
they could say they don't want to focus
on this and they want to go thrive right
but if the president is making decisions
because he's compromised because he's
indebted to Russian oligarchs but
because he's got paid for play deals
then he's not going to make decisions
that will help the American people right
Giuliani had said about you know I they
all want him to wrap it up from Pence to
everybody everybody want they can wrap
it up because they want to know what
they're dealing with so they can get on
with it instead of this long and
drawn-out why do you think she doesn't
sit down for an interview I agree they
all want him to wrap it up he would
invite that come on you guys who would
advise Donald trying to sit with more
but ultimately he's not gonna have a
choice under the idea of whether or not
Muller can indict I think it's separate
from the idea of whether or not Molitor
can issue a subpoena Bill Clinton was
subpoenaed to sit in front of a grand
jury and he did right if Bob Muller does
not get what he wants out of Donald
Trump he will subpoena Trump and can I
make one more observation that is super
tragic as they say yeah this is an
abbreviation for tragic you thought you
needed to tell me that I'm sorry re
melmer thought he had lingo down more
than I did
no sorry well played the president
United States and his formal official
representatives are not today taking the
position that obviously he didn't commit
a crime and that's why he won't be
charged that's not their public position
today it's that the people who might
charge him for a crime who have
requirements under our rule of law to
have overwhelming evidence to do that
that's provable in court it's not that
they don't have the evidence it's that
they don't under these ordinance and
rules have the power to charge him they
have the power to charge literally
everyone else including his family but
they don't have the power to charge him
that is an actually stunning aka
supertrash thing to state
to say as your public defense it's not
we're innocent it's that even if we're
guilty there's a footnote somewhere in
the DOJ 20 years ago sorry I think there
are two responses to that one criminal
defense attorneys will try to argue
whatever they can what works best for
their client and two trumpets playing to
his base and he doesn't appear to be
concerned that that type of defense will
impact upon his basic response your
response which is I don't care about
what the political strategy to his base
is I'm making a much deeper substantive
point about how disturbing it is if
that's the state looking at midterms
that I care about everything you have to
say so you're always welcome to join me
you might not want to join sassypants
everybody his show but I'm gonna wrap
this segment inspired by Flo Rida I'm
saying it's going down for real super
right are you right there
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
