turn to Matt Apuzzo and his colleagues
lengthy report in the New York Times on
the FBI's closely held investigation of
the Trump campaign begun exactly 100
days before the 2016 election codenamed
crossfire hurricane after a Rolling
Stones lyric and jumpin Jack flash the
report is based on interviews with a
dozen current and former government
officials and review of documents it
claims that only about five Justice
Department officials knew the full scope
of the case at the time not the dozen or
more who might normally be briefed on a
major national security case fearful of
leaks FBI agents kept details from
political appointees across the street
at the Justice Department Peter struck a
senior FBI agent explained in a text
that Justice Department officials would
find it to quote tasty to resist sharing
I'm not worried about our side he wrote
kept secret that agents were on the
trail of campaign adviser George
papadopolis and went to London to
interview the Australian ambassador
about his claims that Michael Flynn's
foreign payments were under scrutiny as
were campaign chairman Paul mana forts
that agents suspected Carter page had
told Moscow about the FBI's 2013 warning
to him about espionage targeting to
quote The Times the facts had they
surface might have devastated the Trump
campaign mr. Trump's future national
security adviser was under investigation
as was his campaign chairman one adviser
appeared to have Russian intelligence
contacts another was suspected of being
a Russian agent himself so Matt Apuzzo
first of all thank you to you and your
colleagues for this reporting secondly
the investigation itself according to
your reporting was so self-contained
hired Justice Department now this flies
in the face of president trance constant
accusations that the FBI has always been
out to get him could you please spell
out the timeline briefly the timeline
between mid summer 2016
when this investigation began on the
heels of Hillary Clinton's
investigation ending and where we are
today sure so the investigation began
July 31st 2016 100 days before the
election and just
after the FBI had closed down the
Clinton case and and if agents were
really eager to be investigating another
presidential candidate and his campaign
you know we didn't see evidence of it
our reporting shows that you know this
was a real anxious moment at the FBI the
the codename crossfire hurricane kind of
speaks to the storm they were going into
and there were there were several key
moments when if the FBI wanted to damage
Donald Trump's campaign as he says they
had every opportunity to and didn't mean
and at every turn they went with the
utmost secrecy as you mentioned we did
not trust people at the Justice
Department that relationship was not
going well after the Hillary Clinton
case and they kept this super closely
held they thought for sure the political
appointees across the street we're gonna
leak it you know they they did
everything they could to tamp this down
and because of that it didn't it didn't
get out before the election and and that
is those are the rules that's how the
FBI is supposed to do
counterintelligence investigation that's
not a knock on them but of course with
the upcoming Inspector General report at
the Justice Department it's gonna
criticize the handling of the Hillary
Clinton case and people are gonna wonder
well why did you talk so much about
Hillary Clinton and you had nothing to
say about Donald Trump yeah Heidi jump
in and that goes right to my question
Matt which is that we've known for quite
a while that Comey handled publicly the
two investigations very differently but
you have new details in here on the
extent to which the FBI went to prevent
leaks about the Russia investigation
saying that they even potentially put
off interviews with key associates so
that's my question to you is why is it
the conventional thinking that the FBI
at its heart really was making a
political calculation that Clinton would
win or is there suggestion of something
more nefarious accusations for instance
about summon Clinton's inner circle that
there was pressure from friends in the
Manhattan FBI offices
to bring this information and make it
more public with regards to the Clinton
email investigation yeah we didn't see
evidence of you know pressure from the
field office in New York on this case in
fact one of the criticisms of the FBI
handling was that this was so
compartmentalized at headquarters
instead of being farmed out to field
offices and if there is ever a problem
the investigation you've brought the
problem right into the heart of the FBI
I think you hit the nail on the head for
an agency that doesn't like to make
political calculations in the end they
made one very big and very wrong
political calculation they believe that
Hillary Clinton was gonna win and Donald
Trump was gonna lose and that they would
be judged based on how they handled the
Hillary Clinton case and would be
criticized if they handled her with kid
gloves and on the flip side they figured
if Donald Trump is gonna lose and we
have gone guns blazing and it gets out
that we're investigating his campaign it
only feeds into his campaign rhetoric
that this is a rigged system so you know
with a hundred days left to go in the
election they were very cautious they
delayed interviewing key witnesses they
tried to do everything you know sort of
cloak and dagger and I think there's a
realization inside the bureau and inside
the Justice Department that the I by the
president's volume of attacks on it as
an institution but could you speak to
the irony here of the level of
professionalism that helped protect
Donald Trump's candidacy in the summer
of 2016 summer and fall of 2016 as a
result of the FBI's actions to contain
this investigation there's an obvious
irony here right which is that the very
same FBI officials who are being bashed
every day by the White House for
targeting Trump for going after the
presidency we now learn in this article
are being the FBI professionals that
most of them always are which is they're
going to painstaking links to limit the
number of people at DOJ who know about
this to codename the case to to pull
back from from wanting to interview
Russians and confront Russians and and
just have them abort their their mission
start doing overt interviews right there
they're doing everything you
in a counterintelligence investigation
which is exactly what this was we've got
these fascinating details coming out and
the bigger picture Jeffrey is that you
know we have this embassy opening in
Jerusalem we've got North Korea talks
appearing to break down I mean there are
other things going on in the world but
yet it feels like the cracks and all of
this are getting deeper getting closer
to something yeah very very much so
which is I think why Rudy is making this
argument that he was making a flailing
oh yeah yeah and and no no I mean it's
all seems to if you were writing a bad
screenplay right because this isn't a
good screenplay it's a bad screenplay
you're writing a bad screenplay you
would have all this happen against the
backdrop of a potential cataclysmic or
possibly fantastic summit between North
Korea and the United States we don't
mean you know it doesn't seem to be
going well it doesn't seem john bolton
has helped make sure that it doesn't go
well but but everything seems to be
coming to a head and when you know you
have the president on the international
stage trying to negotiate the
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
and having basically this investigation
getting closer and closer to his family
to his closest associates it's it is it
is it is a recipe for bad screenwriting
it's also a recipe for real life real
life serious problem this has potential
massive long-term impact on the our
place in the world for definitely the
president of the EU just said that you
know with friends like this who needs
enemies I mean it's not of the European
Union talking about there that Europe's
historic ally and Steve Rattner jump in
I just also as the details come out you
don't see like a sort of a strategy to
do something nefarious it's almost like
they're a bunch of idiots just a bunch
of idiots trying to cover their tracks
on whatever they might need to cover and
they don't even know what to cover even
like the desperate attempt to talk about
the meeting being about Russian
adoptions like where where would you
pull that out of and why look it's
probably the worst example of sort of
damage control or dealing with a crisis
like this that I can ever remember
stating that we there are always three
steps behind and so something happens
they come up with some story to cover it
up
or to deal with it then something else
happens which actually contradicts what
they already just said so they can put
another sort to try to deal with that
and it's like Julianna eNOS and his TV
appearances recently his TV empiricist
keep changing because they start
realizing they have different kinds of
things but I wanted to go back to Matt
on just on just one point Matt which you
can you touched on but I don't know
there's exactly the focus of your story
which is this question of how Comey
handled the two investigations
differently you make the point that the
trumpet investigation was way behind the
clinton investigation so therefore there
was an argument for treating them
differently but I think certainly commis
critics still believe that him sailing
out in July and into Anthony Weiner's
laptop and who meant all the rest of the
stuff so in retrospect was that press
conference a mistake look I haven't
found a lot of people inside the Justice
Department or the FBI who who if they
had if they had a do-over would do it
the same way and and Comey himself who's
been awfully you know extremely
defensive of the decisions the FBI made
he wrote in his book that if he had it
to do over again he would still hold the
press conference but he wouldn't
editorial eyes and call Clinton's
behavior extremely careless so I think
the July press conference is coming in
for some serious criticism with the
inspector general's report I think we're
gonna revisit that October decision to
publicly reopen the investigation and I
think you're the FBI and Jim Comey in
particular had done a very good job
messaging their explanations I think
they know everybody would agree this was
a difficult and unprecedented moment but
now when you hold these two cases up
side by side I think it's fair to bring
the FBI in for criticism Wow Matt Apuzzo
thank you for your reporting this
morning
thanks a lot going on and still ahead on
Morning Joe the attorney for stormy
Daniels Michael avenatti is here on set
plus from the Senate Judiciary Committee
Richard Blumenthal and governor jay
Inslee on the Democrats wide open field
for president in 2020
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more for morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
