well we're basing this on East Coast
time where we're live here tonight but
Robert Muller's investigation will be a
year old in less than an hour so far for
former Trump campaign associates have
been charged three have pleaded guilty
and are cooperating Muller has also
obtained two more guilty pleas while
indicted 39-year the New York Times has
done an extensive report on the origins
of what later became the Muller
investigation President Trump and his
allies have launched unrelenting attacks
on the inquiry calling it politically
motivated as well as an attempt to
undermine him while issuing threats
against the US Department of Justice you
look at the corruption at the top of the
FBI it's a disgrace and our Justice
Department which I try and stay away
from but at some point I won't Justice
Department's should be looking at that
kind of stuff not the nonsense of
collusion with Russia the New York Times
report gives us a very different picture
of the FBI writing this in part quote
interviews with a dozen current and
former government officials and a review
of documents showed that the FBI was
even more circumspect in that case then
had been previously known agents
considered then rejected interviewing
key Trump associates which might have
sped up the investigation but risked
revealing the existence of the case
those who saw the investigation up close
and many of those who have reviewed case
files in the past year say that far from
gunning for mr. Trump the FBI could
actually have done more in the final
months of 2016 to scrutinize his
campaigns Russia ties well with us
tonight we are so fortunate to have four
veterans of the FBI all of them work
with Robert Muller Frank fig was a
former FBI assistant director for
counterintelligence
chuck rosenberg former counsel then FBI
director robert muller he's also happens
to be a former US attorney Robert
Anderson former FBI assistant director
of counterintelligence former executive
assistant director of the criminal cyber
response and services branch and
stephanie douglas of
Executive Assistant Director of the FBI
national security branch who these days
is a senior managing director at
guidepost solutions I jokingly said
you've never been in the same place
before not since you were all feds
together I guess is the answer to that
Frank I'd like to begin with you your
reaction to the way the New York Times
laid out the early seeds the the origins
of this case so isn't it ironic that the
White House has been bashing the FBI as
corrupt and targeting the president but
today we find out through the through
the article that quite the opposite was
true that they went to great lengths to
set parameters to be secretive cryptic
not to tip their hand and the hopes of
not influencing another presidential
election that's the professionalism that
we see in the FBI and that's what's been
revealed today and what happens when you
hear the president on Fox and Friends
you can hear the host trying to say okay
you know trying to wrap him up but when
you hear that attack on the corruption
at the top of the FBI it goes much
bigger than this case it's it's the
concern about long-term damage to our
institutions and the rule of law and the
public perception of the FBI that's
being damaged and ultimately that
damages our attempts and the FBI's
attempts to protect the nation Chuck by
my calculation thanks to what you've
told us about Robert Muller he's due to
arrive at work in six hours or less when
he does I presume there won't be special
presentation of bagels and breakfast
foods to mark the one-year anniversary I
am guessing it is a meaningless day to
him except for another day at work it's
another day at work what I saw when I
had the privilege and I do mean
privilege Brian of working for director
Muller is a guy who didn't pay attention
to these sorts of anniversaries we'll
talk about it he won't tomorrow's a day
that you get up early you put on your
white shirt and your red tie and you go
to work Stephanie do you think they are
able to insulate themselves from the
coverage do you think they're watching
just enough to hear us bloviate and
maybe have a chuckle after work on a
fried
do you think they're as completely
monk-like and insulated as they can be I
think they probably are while there may
not be any absolute firm rules around it
I think they'll be very very careful
about how much media they ingest just to
make sure that they can do the best most
objective and most comprehensive
investigation without being tainted from
outside voices and Stephanie a question
I've asked you before with limited
success because I guess no one really
knows the answer what percentage of the
Muller effort do you think we've seen
above the water in the public domain
thus far I mean again I think it's
totally would be totally speculating if
we tried to guess how much director
Muller has information relative to a
full-scale investigation you know every
time we come on or every time a person
gives an opinion about what we're seeing
as far as the investigation I can
guarantee you director Muller has more
that we do not know and and furthermore
we really shouldn't know that's his job
is to keep the investigation discreet
professional independent and objective
as much as he can
Robert of course we learn what we
already guess and that is that just as
we all carry around a preference for
colors and cars and sports teams
politics are interwoven whenever humans
get together even at the Federal Bureau
of Investigation as you look at the
reporting on the early days of this case
will you ever look back and say boy
things should have been done better and
is there ever a kind of best practices
review at the FBI yeah I mean I think
Brian I think we always look at
everything we do and try to have an
after-action afterwards you can always
be better and I think in this case
especially because of all the other kind
of details that have come out about text
message but employees that are currently
still there and some that have moved on
I think there definitely will be an
after-action review the good thing about
this is that the men and women in the
FBI and the United States intelligence
community look at these type of
investigations really really seriously
and I think they will look at it very
hard and see what they can do better
next
Frank Rudy Guiliani was on Fox News
tonight and I'm paraphrasing though he
was careful to make the point this case
in the Southern District of New York he
said they've given us a assurances it's
not about us
I was curious to hear that remark where
do you put this case in the Southern
District of New York and the panoply of
things that could
existentially threaten Donald Trump's
presidency so I don't believe that the
case in the Southern District of New
York is an island completely unto itself
it just can't be so necessarily when you
go to the president's lawyer in his
office and you raid it and you seize
files you will inevitably possibly see
things that relate back to the Special
Counsel inquiry I don't think it's
entirely walled off
I believe that they will share
information they find that's pertinent
with the special counsel Chuck same
question yeah and I can tell you now
putting on my prosecutors hat for a
minute Brian I would not give that type
of assurance particularly if I'm at the
beginning of an investigation I don't
know what people are going to tell me I
don't know what other documents are
going to reveal so the notion that he
would have he mr. Giuliani would have an
assurance that it's not about his client
that doesn't strike me as right we have
a quote here from The New Yorker
reporting about the financial records
and this is about the official who
decided to leak as reported by Ronan
Farrow tonight the official who released
the suspicious activity reports was
aware of the risks but said fears that
the missing reports might be suppressed
compelled the disclosure quote things
that stand out is abnormal like
documents being removed from a system
are of grave concern to me of the
potential for legal consequences the
official said to say that I am terrified
right now would be an understatement
but referring to the released report as
well as the potential conduct contents
of the missing reports the official also
added this is a terrifying time to be an
American to be in this situation and to
watch all of the
unfold Chuck what's your reaction to a
quote like that and what's the chance
that's a lay audience listening that the
good guys removed these records yeah so
first question first Brian I think it's
overblown there's a chance that
something bad happened there's a chance
that something nefarious happened but
that's not my instinct my instinct is
that if if the record is missing it
could be for a legitimate law
enforcement purpose I don't know that
but I could imagine a bunch of scenarios
where that might be true and I think
there's a second important piece to that
the Moller team will have the underlying
records this is just the report of a
transaction filed by a bank because they
they saw something that they thought was
suspicious banks do that all the time if
we didn't know anything about the
underlying case then that suspicious
activity report might point us in the
direction of that case but where we are
already on it where we are already
investigating it we have the underlying
bank records so I think the concern
might be overblown I think there might
be an innocent reason for those records
not being there and I'm confident that
the Muller team has all the records
Robert here's mr. Cohen sitting here in
New York uncharged the meters running
and you know something about the hourly
rate on a New York law firm he has a
wife and two daughters he knows he is in
legal jeopardy what do you think his
life is like and what do you think the
feds are waiting for before charging him
which I guess will tell us if he's going
to cooperate well two things I mean I'm
sure he's under an immense amount of
stress I mean he knows what he had in
his offices and everywhere else at the
FBI in the New York United States
Attorney's Office searched and I think
there's gonna be a lot of documents and
a lot of things coming out of that
perhaps mr. Cohen would not want anyone
to see the light of day the the second
part of that as Chuck said earlier I
totally agree with him
Bob Muller and his team and as Frank
said I'm sure are sharing information
that is needed in the investigation that
is a wider scope so as far as him being
charged I think it could be at any time
or maybe never it depends what the
charges and allegations about Mahler and
his team and the Southern District looks
at and actually sees it fit to crime
Stephanie a lot of folks and the
civilian ranks didn't quite understand
the the dance moves when the case of mr.
Cohen was spun off up the eastern
corridor to the Southern District of New
York all also a federal appointment for
US Attorney is there reciprocity and
free flow of information between the
mothership the Muller investigation
Southern District vice versa I mean I
think it will depend on what information
is developed from each investigation so
if there's applicable information and if
it goes through appropriate process I
think there will be information sharing
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
