tornado
Hollywood sure knows how to make the
weather scary but new scientific
findings show climate change is way
scarier than many politicians are
willing to acknowledge in fact
scientists at the UN right now
projecting a full-blown global crisis by
2040 with the earth getting way hotter
way faster than the science showed even
a few years ago so here's what that
means a food crisis that could leave
millions underfed and fighting literally
over hunger destructive wildfires far
worse than what California has been
battling and flooding that could
literally make millions of Americans
homeless some unable to return to areas
that stay underwater worldwide we're
talking coastal flooding that would
impact 50 million people so let's get
into this tonight unlike an individual
hurricane or a plane crash or a terror
attack this isn't a crisis that lands
and then we debate how to respond this
is a slow-motion crisis on the horizon
so the debate is over what to do
beforehand but in Republican politics
the debate has often been whether the
fact of this crisis even exists the Pope
believes in global warming but so hot in
here maybe I'll start to believe it
myself who believes in global warming
who believes in global warming follow
this with the global warming and that a
lot of it's a hoax it's a hoax I mean
it's a money-making industry okay it's a
hoax that is classic projection the
money of course is made by the
industries that have an interest in
denying global warming here's what Trump
said about the report today
like many important policies this isn't
just about Trump at all that would be
giving him way too much credit he's
actually a lot more of a follower than a
leader on the environmental issues and
he's echoing a Republican Party that has
been increasingly running from science
and embracing conspiracies the global
warming alarmists are the equivalent of
the flat earthers they don't like to
look at the actual facts and the data
when you say the science is settled and
the overwhelming scientific analysis
comes to that conclusion that is just
not correct I have not seen proven you
know proof that it is entirely man-made
as humans are not responsible for
climate change those kind of talking
points aren't just ignorance or even
trolling they're part of a rhetorical
frame to cancel out the science like the
UN report and the news this week because
the fears of Americans understand how
dangerous this is to us to our homes to
our children it would be harder to
defend the industry line of doing little
to nothing about the climate and so we
end up with the snowballs be keep
hearing that 2014 has been the warmest
year on record I asked the chair you
know what this is it's a snowball and
that just from outside here so it's very
very cold out very unseasonal so there
mr. president catch this mm-hmm
catch that was the man Republicans put
in charge of the Senate's Environmental
Committee until last year along with the
period when Trump's Environmental Chief
Scott Pruett was still in office before
his ethics scandals forced him out all
of this makes a mockery of
environmentalism because it is supposed
to just like Trump's dramatic exit from
the top global pack to address climate
change made a mockery of American
self-interest using the straw man that
what happens in Pittsburgh stays in
Pittsburgh I was elected to represent
the citizens of Pittsburgh not Paris so
we're getting out the new UN report
reinforces how the looming climate
crisis doesn't know the difference
between
it's Berg in Paris or Frankfurt and
Florida the oceans will be rising and
wiping us out no matter what language we
speak our country we live in so with or
without scott pruett we also see the
Trump administration's EPA making it
easier for corporations to emit fossil
fuels and evade rules for clean power
while energy companies have plowed over
10 million in the GOP races several
elections in a row and those companies
include coal corporations the UN report
says it's especially to blame for the
new surges in the Earth's heat now let's
be clear it is hard sometimes to keep
track of the science of how the earth is
getting warmer the details and
Republican critics of global warming
like to repeat the talking point that
they themselves are not scientists
behind climate change
I'm not a scientist leave it to the
scientists to decide how much what that
means you know what are the consequences
I'm not qualified to debate the science
over climate change so everyone agrees
those are not qualified scientists which
makes it even more vital to listen to
the hundred and thirty-two scientists
this week who are using research and
data not spin or campaign donations to
reach their findings and their warnings
in this scary climate report you know
many terrible things happen across the
earth and here in the news room we cover
them with some frequency the Hurricanes
and the earthquakes the shootings or the
car accidents we do know every loss of
human life marks its own unspeakable
sadness for those involved they can't
exactly be ranked but along the way I
think we also learned the difference
between a disaster and a tragedy no
matter how deadly the disasters are
sudden they're unavoidable catastrophes
the earthquakes it couldn't be predicted
let alone prevent it the tragedies feel
different they involve suffering that
might have been avoided events that
could have been maybe prevented or
somehow mitigated and that tends to add
an extra pain or a regret or even a
demand for justice the science now shows
climate change will get
it will be deadly and it will be a true
tragedy if we don't do anything about it
because we know we really could do
something about it hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
