thanks to you at home for joining us
this our busy day today and news still
breaking tonight let's get right to it
the president released his financial
disclosure form today in which he admits
despite his previous denials that he did
in fact make a six-figure payment to an
adult film actress right before the
election to keep her quiet about her
claims that she'd had an affair with the
president now this is something the
president has previously denied knowing
anything about but now he has copped to
it in black and white based on recent
media disclosures by the president's
lawyer Rudy Giuliani we had some inkling
that this kind of disclosure might be
coming but but once the claim was filed
in the president's financial disclosure
form today it was quickly followed by a
bona fide surprise alongside this public
written declaration that he made this
payment the office of government ethics
also today referred this matter to the
Justice Department in a letter addressed
to Deputy Attorney General Rod
Rosenstein that is not a good
development for the president in this
matter it was a legitimate surprised
when the ethics office released that
referral today we will get some expert
help in understanding what that might
mean how serious that might be for the
president coming up in just a few
minutes also today the US Senate
released a statement from the Democratic
and Republican leaders of the
Intelligence Committee in the Senate
it's a statement that will not sound
controversial here on earth one but but
this statement today from the
Intelligence Committee does directly
contradict what pro-trump Republicans in
the House said just a few weeks ago when
they called off and shut down their own
Russia investigation on their side of
the Capitol the Senate Intelligence
statement today from Republican Chairman
Richard Burr and the Democratic vice
chairman Mark Warner it basically
asserts that that the intelligence
community was correct last year when
they issued their report blaming the
Russian government for interfering in
the 2016 presidential election to
benefit Donald Trump according to
today's statement from the Intelligence
Committee in the Senate quote the first
task in our inquiry was to evaluate the
intelligence community's work on this
important piece of analysis
committee staff have spent 14 months
reviewing the sources tradecraft and
analytic work we see no reason to
dispute the conclusions there's no doubt
that Russia took an unprecedented effort
to interfere with our 2016 elections
quote after a thorough review our staff
concluded that the intelligence
community conclusions were accurate and
on point the Russian effort was
extensive sophisticated and ordered by
President Putin himself with the purpose
of helping Donald Trump and hurting
Hillary Clinton again not controversial
here on earth one but but this
declaration today from the bipartisan
leadership of the Senate Intelligence
Committee
this means that pro-trump House
Republicans now stand alone in their
refusal to acknowledge what Russia did
in the election and why they did it it's
sort of rare in this day and age that
you actually get Republicans in Congress
disagreeing with other Republicans in
Congress on something related to
president Trump and the scandals
surrounding this administration but in
this case there is a stark divide
between what the Senate Republicans have
done on this Intelligence Committee
report and what House Republicans have
refused to acknowledge and and
ultimately down the road this might make
it harder for House Republicans if the
Russia matter ever does end up getting
adjudicated in Congress through some
sort of censure resolution or even
impeachment proceedings them being
isolated on this point of fact may
ultimately be a problem for them stick a
pin in that and come back to it and tell
me I'm wrong someday try it
alright the Senate today also released
thousands of pages of transcripts and
exhibits related to the Senate Judiciary
Committee's investigation of that Trump
Tower meeting that happened during the
campaign the one with a whole bunch of
Russians linked to the Putin government
and three top Trump campaign officials
campaign chair Paul Manafort Jared
Kushner and the president's eldest son
Don Jr there's been a lot of discussion
of these voluminous materials that were
released today these text messages and
emails and multiple transcripts from
multiple witnesses each totaling dozens
if not hundreds of pages tonight here
this show there's so much going on right
now in the news we're gonna focus in on
two
questions - brand-new questions that
were raised in these thousands of pages
of documents that were released today
these are two new mysteries we didn't
know about before we got these documents
today but they've now been presented to
us in this gigantic sheaf of documents
that the Senate Judiciary Committee
released this morning about two
mysteries there we're gonna be focusing
on in just a second and also because the
news gods know you have enough bandwidth
to absorb this much material in one day
the New York Times this afternoon
published a big long nutri port titled
codename crossfire hurricane the secret
origins of the Trump investigation at
one level this new report from The Times
is sort of a maiya culpa
it's a maiya culpa for this now infamous
piece that The Times published just
before the 2016 election given the
groundbreaking work that the New York
Times has done on the the seriousness of
the links between the Trump campaign and
the Russian government during the
Russian attack on the election given the
almost uniquely aggressive reporting The
Times has done about those links about
the the FBI and special counsels
investigations into those links this
piece from The Times from October 31st
2016 it has stood out ever since as a
sort of bizarre but very consequential
outlier that contrasts with everything
else
The Times has reported and done on this
subject this article was published a
week before the election and it has
stood out ever since as a weird artifact
of very unusual reporting in The Times
that looks nothing like the rest of
their reporting it's also stood out
because of the effect that this article
might have had on the results of the
election by appearing to exonerate the
Trump campaign in the rush of matter
just a week before people went to the
polls well as of tonight The Times is
now finally admitting a year and a half
later that maybe that article right
before the election was not quite on
point quote the facts had they surfaced
might have devastated the Trump campaign
mr. Trump's future national security
advisor was under investigation as was
his campaign chair one advisor appeared
to have Russian intelligence contacts
another was suspected of being a Russian
agent himself quote but when the New
York Times tried to assess the state of
the investigation in October 2016
law enforcement officials cautioned
against drawing any conclusions
resulting in a story that significantly
played down the case they never say
sorry but this is the part that it I
think is supposed to function as an
apology here quote the resulting article
on October 31st 2016 said that FBI
agents had uncovered no conclusive or
direct link between mr. Trump and the
Russian government but the key fact of
the article that the FBI had opened a
broad investigation into possible links
between the Russian government and the
Trump campaign that key fact was
published only in the tenth paragraph of
the story
both the articles tone and headline
investigating Donald Trump FBI sees no
clear link to Russia that gave an air of
finality to an investigation that was in
fact just beginning this is like sort of
an important moment for us as citizens
who depend on journalism for an
important check and window into the
exercise of American power right this is
this is this this Titanic force in the
world of journalism for that for the New
York Times to do this a year and a half
they on the road to sort of come clean
and at least explain what happened
around that incredibly consequential
misleading article which may have helped
sway the election because of what turned
out to be a pretty wildly inaccurate
implication and headline about a
presidential candidate it's just it's a
remarkable thing to see this is a big
moment in American journalism but
because this is the New York Times and
you should never underestimate them even
when they've screwed up they also break
a ton of news in this new story that
also functions as an apology we get for
example in this news story tonight the
code word that was used inside the FBI
to refer to the Trump Russia
investigation we've never had this
before apparently their code name for it
was crossfire hurricane New York Times
also breaking the news that FBI agents
are a bunch of drama queen
crossfire hurricane we also get the
revelation that FBI agents interrogated
an Australian ambassador right at the
outset of their investigation literally
on day one The Times describes that as a
break with diplomatic protocol something
that had to be intensely deliberated
between law enforcement in Australia and
in DC but FBI FBI agents ultimately did
succeed in in interviewing that
ambassador from Australia to find out
what he knew about the Trump campaign
and it's advanced notice of Russia's
attack on our election we get a bunch of
new detail from The Times tonight about
how secret the FBI kept this
investigation including the FBI not
briefing the investigation to senior
Justice Department officials like they
normally would in any other case we
learned for the first time that instead
of using normal subpoenas the FBI used
National Security Letters to obtain
phone records and other documents in the
early days of the investigation National
Security Letters as far as I understand
it all right there are post 9/11 law
enforcement innovation that basically
lets them subpoena something in complete
secrecy we get also confirmation from
The Times tonight that there were four
people in the Trump campaign who were
under investigation by the FBI before
the election at the outset those under
investigation were Mike Flynn Paul
Manafort George papadopolis and Carter
Page and when it comes to Carter page we
get one gobsmacking new detail about why
the FBI didn't just think he had links
to Russian intelligence but they
suspected him of being an actual foreign
agent of the Russian government this is
brand-new
quote crossfire hurricane begin come on
it's a great name for like a squirt gun
but really crossfire hurricane began
with a focus on four campaign officials
but by mid fall 2016 the Carter page
inquiry had progressed the furthest
agents had known mr. page for years
Russian spies had tried to recruit him
in 2013 and when agents warned him about
that he was dismissive quote that
warning even made its way back to
Russian intelligence leaving agents
suspecting
that Carter page had reported their
efforts to Moscow think about that for a
second this is a foreign policy adviser
to the Trump campaign the FBI didn't
just know that he had been caught up in
a Russian spy ring in New York right one
that resulted in an actual Russian spy
going to actual prison in the United
States on espionage charges they didn't
just know that he had been caught up in
that ring that he'd been targeted by
that spy ring
they also reportedly knew according to
this new report in The Times that Carter
Paige funneled information about the FBI
back to Moscow bucked back to Russian
intelligence in Moscow which rhymes with
PI and starts with s I get and that is
you know all the more amazing when you
consider that the Republican and and
White House pushback on the Moller
investigation now one year into the
Moller investigation is mostly based on
the idea that we Americans should all be
outraged that there was any surveillance
of Carter page as a potential foreign
agent honestly Carter page is reporting
on the FBI back to Russian intelligence
in Moscow presumably on one of his many
visits to Moscow when he was lying about
not contacting government and
intelligence officials there I mean if
you're not going to surveil Carter page
as a potential foreign agent who
wouldn't qualify for surveillance as a
potential foreign agent I mean there's
those cartoons boris and natasha maybe
in carter the x also breaks one other
big piece of news here just a red-hot
previously unknown aspect of this
investigation which i can tell you right
now is going to be the source of
considerable controversy tonight and in
an ongoing way according to The Times
tonight quote at least one government
informant met several times with Carter
page and George papadopolis during the
course of the investigation we had not
previously known that this FBI
investigation that preceded the election
somehow included you
West law enforcement having an informant
somewhere in the mix an informant who
was meeting at least once with at least
two Trump campaign officials who they
had under active investigation that is
new was the informant how did they set
this up as I said that is that is red
hot that will likely be the source of a
lot of controversy going forward I
imagine there may be more news to Rick
on that subject even over the course of
this evening if I play my cards right
but then there's also this I've been
contacted by the FBI
all right last note last night we talked
about this new news that the data firm
used by the Trump campaign during the
2016 election Cambridge analytic ah is
now reportedly the subject of an active
FBI investigation this story was also
broken by the New York Times last night
The Times reported that Cambridge
analytic --is that the Cambridge
analytic investigation was being led by
at least one cybercrime specialist agent
at the FBI and a very senior prosecutor
from the securities and financial fraud
division at main justice The Times
reporting last night that it wasn't
clear whether or not the Cambridge
analytic investigation was related to
the robert muller investigation in the
special counsel's office but it at least
involved maine Justice and the FBI well
today that footage that you just saw was
the former research director for
Cambridge analytic ofor this data firm
his name is Christopher Wylie he's the
gentleman with the pink hair he has
recently become a whistleblower on that
firms activities he confirmed to
reporters while he was walking through
the halls in Capitol Hill today
confirmed that he has been contacted by
the FBI for questioning about Cambridge
analytic asked you heard there at the
end asked specifically if he was
contacted
molars office mr. Wiley just said he has
been contacted by the FBI so we still
don't know if the Cambridge analytic
investigation is part of Robert molars
inquiry but we do now have confirmation
from one of the people apparently caught
up in that investigation that it's
underway the FBI is questioning people
other than what we can infer from the
reported expertise and affiliations of
the FBI agents prosecutors who are
working on that case we don't yet know
what Cambridge analytical is being
investigated for but while Christopher
Wiley was on Capitol Hill today what he
was there for was to testify to Congress
and one of the things he was repeatedly
questioned about today and he gave very
stark answers to the questions about it
was the issue about K of Cambridge
analytic embarking on a voter
suppression campaign specifically
targeting black voters I want to ask you
in the time I have remaining about your
experience working with Steve Bannon one
of president Trump's senior campaign
advisers and the goals that he used
Cambridge analytical to achieve was one
of his goals to suppress voting or
discourage certain individuals in the
United States from voting that was my
understanding yes was voter suppression
a service that US clients could request
in their contracts with Cambridge
analytical well Bannon was vice
president yes one of the most horrifying
things from our hearings that I saw
where those ads that were clearly made
to suppress the votes of African
Americans do you have any knowledge
about the scope of this activity and how
often it occurred out of the company my
knowledge relates to the the tail ends
of my engagement with Cambridge analytic
at one of the one of the things that did
provoke me to leave was the beginnings
of discussions about voter disengagement
I have seen documents that referenced
voter disengagement and I recall
conversations that that it that it was
intended to focus on African American
can we get those documents I will I will
discuss with my lawyers a the best way
to get you that information
so the data firm used by the president's
campaign during the 2016 election is now
confirmed to be under an active FBI
investigation right now
a whistleblower from that firm is
agreeing to hand over documents to
congressional investigators today about
voter suppression efforts by that data
firm specifically targeting black voters
so all that happened today and then this
happened she can tell my highlighter is
getting a workout this is brand new
reporting just out tonight at the New
Yorker magazine from Ronan Farrow who if
you've been paying attention has been a
bit of a scoop machine recently he is
fresh off winning a Pulitzer Prize for
his reporting this past year on sexual
assault allegations against Hollywood
mogul Harvey Weinstein Ronan Farrow
scoop tonight at The New Yorker is it's
a bit of a meteor strike I started off
the show tonight by mentioning that the
president has filed new financial
disclosures that showed that he paid a
large amount of money six figures to an
adult film star to pay her off to keep
her from talking about her alleged
affair with the president a payment for
that purpose was reportedly made to
adult film actress stormy Daniels via
the president's personal attorney
Michael Cohen and the payment was made
just days before the 2016 election
amount of the payment was reported to be
a hundred and thirty thousand dollars
and that's within the range that was
reported today by the President as that
story has gradually made its way into
public view in recent weeks we've
learned more and more and more and oh my
god there's still more about Michael
Cohen and this arrangement and the
financial vehicle that the president and
his lawyer Michael Cohen used to make
this hush money payment that they
obviously hoped to keep secret even
though that effort to keep it secret
failed since we all now know about it
the story of that payment to stormy
Daniels became much bigger than the
cover-up and the alleged affair when
documents were published last week by
stormy Daniels's attorney Michael
avenatti those documents appeared to
show that it was not just a hundred and
thirty grand for stormy Daniels that
passed through that little company that
was set up right before the election by
Michael Cohen was actually millions of
dollars passing through that company
since then AT&T has fired its chief
lobbyist and admitted that it was a
mistake for
that company to put Michael Cohen
secretly on their payroll after the
election those payments from AT&T to
Michael Cohen were first disclosed in
these financial records that were made
public last week
similarly the pharmaceutical company
Novartis has just today fired its
general counsel after also admitting
that its payments to Michael Cohen
through this little shell company were
also a mistake there are continuing
reverberations and serious questions
that remain about other corporate
entities who were revealed to be paying
Michael Cohen in these financial
documents that were published last week
an investment firm with ties to a
Russian oligarch who's close to Vladimir
Putin and sanctioned by the US
government
Korean aerospace company that was paying
Michael Cohen for Lord knows what but
they were at the time competing for a
multi-billion dollar Pentagon contract
when they were shoveling Michael Cohen
cash well now tonight Ronan Farrow has
broken the story of where this
information came from about Michael
Cohen's finances and his banking records
how this information ended up in the
public domain and the implications of
what Rona Farrow has just broken tonight
are very very serious this is a big
scoop it has just come out Ronan is here
to walk us through it next stay with us
you're going to want to see this hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
