hundreds of pages of interview
transcripts released today by the Senate
Judiciary Committee to reveal more
evidence that senior members of the
Trump campaign really wanted a collude
with Russia according to the
participants in that infamous Trump
Tower meeting in June 2016 who testified
for before the committee Donald Trump
jr. and his colleagues didn't end up
receiving much in the way of quote
official documents and information that
would incriminate Hillary as they've
been promised whether they ever did get
direct help from Russia remains
obviously an open question it's the
subject of the special counsels
investigation but what's clear from the
transcripts of release today is that
senior Trump officials in that meeting
were extremely eager to obtain dirt on
their opponent from someone billed to
them as a representative of the Russian
government so much so they apparently
got angry when she didn't deliver to
their satisfaction the transcripts also
show that lawyers for the Trump
Organization the president's private
business scrambled to get participants
stories straight before news of the
meeting first broke last summer and that
the President himself was involved in
efforts to cover up the meetings
original purpose Don junior confirming
reports that his father helped edit the
initial misleading statement describing
the meeting as being about adoption for
more on the takeaways from the Trump
town of transcripts I'm joined by
Rosalynn Halderman political
investigations reporter for The
Washington Post and MSNBC contributor
Clint Watts former FBI special agent
author of the forthcoming book messin
with the enemy out later this month let
me start with you as someone who worked
in the FBI and has worked in
counterintelligence about this this
moment hear about this meeting what it
seems hard confirmed here is this was
floated and they took the bait we don't
know what happened the meeting but
what's your takeaway from what that
meant
collusion whether failed attempted or
successful is all collusion and I mean
that's really the take away from it they
took the meeting under the auspices that
they were going to get some kind of dirt
they seem to be even frustrated when
they did not get what they wanted and
then didn't realize they were
essentially being offered hey this is a
quid pro quo you might look into the
Magnitsky act and if you do something
about it then right maybe well so you
think that's so you think that this was
a lost in translation that the
structure of the meeting was them being
like we're telling you what the quo is
yeah maybe we'll get to the quit later
and they were just like hey what's the
deal there's no dirt yeah gimme gimme
gimme
hurry up can you do it quickly that's
really that's your interpretation it's
one interpretation the other one is what
the Russians always successfully do is
we've talked a lot about the online game
which is how do you get you know the
attention of your target but their
ground game is exceptional they created
this Russian government attorney is
coming to see you we're coming to your
building of your business got your name
on the top and we're gonna have a
meeting with you and we will give you
dirt and we want to talk to you about
the Magnitsky right what's fascinating
about this now is not only were they
trying to taint the the Clinton's but in
doing so they have changed at Trump's
they've high saturation where I believe
the Russian story more than I believe
the President of the United States
version of events they can now play this
either way in influence if they want to
support my trumps they can if they don't
now they've created a provocation which
they can influence the other direction
Rozlyn one of the things that seems most
significant from from those transcripts
was that Don Jr says that the President
did contribute to that initial report
here's a question to the best of your
knowledge the president provide any
edits the statement this is the initial
statements that it was a meeting about
adoption or other input he may have
commented through hoe pics and do you
know if his comments provided through
hope Hicks were incorporating to the
final statement I believe some may have
been what do you think of that yeah we
understand that that episode is of keen
interest to Bob mower and his team as
they explore the possibility of
obstruction of justice because it starts
to look like there was an effort to tell
witnesses what their stories should be
and to potentially hide even from
investigators what the true purpose of
this meeting is now the other side of
that is it was a media management
strategy that had nothing to do with the
investigation but that's what mower will
be looking at well there's another thing
I found really interesting on the kind
of media management / obstruction
question that this Trump word lawyer
pops up in here Alan Garten who's kind
of going to all the parties he's
emailing goldstone before the story
breaks and there's something odd about
the fact that this person is not he's
not someone from the White House he's
not sort of the campaign he's he works
for the private business of President
and he's the person who's gonna go out
and like line up everyone's stories that
we didn't know that before yeah I was
struck by that as well and one of the
things that you can see happening as
sort of a trading around of statements
that might be distributed and Goldstone
tells the committee at one point that a
statement that was suggested for him he
felt like wasn't accurate and he didn't
he didn't want to sign on to that
there's also the question of whether the
president was told right Don jr. says he
never told his father but there is this
blocked number right in between the
calls to Emma goggle RF we don't know
but but that block number is something
that we could learn someone could learn
right yeah that's that's what's tricky
about this whole time Phillip bumps time
line in the Washington Post is just
fantastic and when you lay that out you
you see two things one the block phone
call is the only unexplained phone call
you know of all of this he's calling
Evan it's called someone else calling
Evan back we don't know what happened
but there are investigators that can
figure that out and and through
telephonic records those can be subpoena
those can be gathered there their
investigative ways that you can figure
that out or hunt that down it also
becomes a question to the president you
know it becomes a question to the
president step you know who made this
phone call what's also interesting is
Trump jr. seems to call Manafort you
know in between these segments and you
got to wonder what those phone calls
were about was it just coordinating for
the meeting or is it also well does this
check out is this an you do so you kind
of know this world what you think about
this right and so why would you call
these people well you're trying to
organize the me but you may be trying to
figure out and Trump jr. seems the one
person whether it's on Twitter or in
phone calls we'll go for just about any
opportunity that comes up quickly
Rosalind Goldstone and others seem
pretty freaked out I mean they seem that
that's one thing that comes across is
maybe they didn't know what they were
doing or what they were in meshed in but
there's palpable panic in some of those
emails yeah I mean we hear from
Goldstone that he actually warned the
Russians warned the Aguilera's that he
thought this was a bad idea and then
when it goes south a year later he
reminds them repeatedly that he had told
them that this was a bad idea
and so there seemed to be some
understanding the algo Arizonian plea
said that when he got wind that there
might be dirt about hillary clinton
involved he thought all backing out even
though he was sort of required to be
there because he was actually a Clinton
supporter everyone's alarm bells go off
except it seems to the people working
for the president campaign Rosalynn
Halderman and Clint Watts thank you hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
