but we begin with Donald Trump admitting
he is behind the payment to stormy
Daniels which means he's admitting to
lying about it previously this is bad
for Trump and the lies could create new
criminal liability which I'm going to
get into so why is this happening well
there are two big reasons one has been
all over your TV the relentless
tormenting of President Trump by stormy
Daniels and her lawyer Michael avenatti
now look lawyers are not like regular
people they don't need to be liked or
popular in fact a lawyer's willingness
to be disliked in service to their
client is a key feature of their work
and lawyers don't need to be subtle but
they do need to be effective and at this
point
even Michael Evan Audis critics and he
has a growing chorus of critics they
admit his legal media political strategy
is effective and tonight looks like
another inflection point in this
scorched earth campaign now the other
big reason that Trump is admitting his
own lies tonight is about the key tool
that good lawyers are supposed to use
the law now the law may not require that
Donald Trump release his tax returns but
it does require him to release this I am
holding annual disclosures brand-new of
what Donald Trump says he has and what
he says he owes what I'm holding in my
hands turns out because of everything
going on to be nothing short of a
reckoning for Trump tonight the law
requires he has to reveal a lot of
things and that means we're learning how
he paid off stormy Daniels in these 92
pages we have Trump's financial
activities last year and while they
could have still obviously tried to find
a way to continue to lie about the
Daniels payment he admits in here let me
show you in a footnote that asserts
while he says he's not required to
disclose it back in 2016 expenses were
incurred by Trump's attorney Michael
Cohen who was then fully reimbursed by
Trump in 2017 for an amount over a
hundred K the Daniels payment of course
was a hundred and thirty K so what does
it all mean this is a big development
number one
Trump's been lying as I say and very
recently about this like on Air Force
One in April
lies to the public what else does this
mean well number two if Trump and Cohen
lied to other entities like banks that's
potentially a separate crime and number
three tonight if Trump's earlier
financial forms deliberately lied about
this to US authorities that could be
another crime for the DOJ to investigate
now some skeptics may ask all right but
does anyone in the Trump ethics office
gonna do anything about this
the last ethics director left in
November voicing grave concerns about
Trump's approach to ethics and that left
Donald Trump handpicking the new
replacement you see there is he really
gonna be tough and call in an offense by
Donald Trump well tonight I can report
the answer for you yes
the ethics chief sending this stern
letter to none other than Rod Rosenstein
today calling out Trump for not
reporting this debt to Cohen and
suggesting it may have been a false
filing telling Rosenstein this could be
quote relevant to any DOJ inquiry on the
matter and that ethics chief that he
replaced saying tonight this is
tantamount to a criminal referral that
is a lot I'm gonna begin with Richard
painter for a legal view of this before
we turn to mr. avenatti
mr. painter of course was White House
Ethics chief for George W Bush number
one is it a problem if there was a
failure to originally report this
accurately by Donald Trump if he
intentionally failed or aborted he
covered it up he lied that's a violation
of the false statement statute 18 United
States Code 1001 that's a criminal
offense and can be prosecuted as a
felony let's put that up for the viewers
for your for your analysis if anyone
knowingly and willfully makes a
materially false fictitious or
fraudulent statement and that is
something that we have seen Bob Muller
use are you saying that you think just
doing that about stormy Daniels and his
financial disclosure is actually
something the DOJ could could use if he
intentionally concealed the payment on
the prior financial disclosure form he
intentionally lied yes he could be
prosecuted for that that is one of many
lies and crimes committed by this
president
we just seen evidence just this week of
his being brought by the Chinese
government we have a very serious crisis
in this country and Richard nation Rhys
Engle week take a listen to another
lawyer people may have forgotten but but
we're not forgetting and I don't think
Muller's forgotten which was the person
claiming to represent Michael Cohen with
a defense about this that also was
obviously a lie take a look you are
claiming that Michael Cohen the
president's lawyer and fixer ray Donovan
character never ever told Donald Trump
about it never it never never told them
and Michael Cohen dispensed $130,000 of
his own money and never sought
reimbursement from Donald Roger percent
so we're gonna move that from a hundred
to zero or what is the significance of
that to you tonight just one more lie
and repeated laws repeated instances and
Bob Muller shouldn't have to be the
person who investigates all of this
alone the United States House and Senate
should be investigating they should be
convening the House and Senate Judiciary
Committee to move toward impeaching this
president they're sitting around doing
absolutely nothing I don't know why both
parties they need to focus on the clear
violations of law violations of the
Constitution and criminal laws by the
President and they're not willing to do
it the members of the House and the
Senate and if I'm there I'm going to do
something about it because Americans are
fed up we're not going to tolerate a
president who behaves this way this is
just one more lie one more criminal life
it was intentional and we're hearing
about new ones every week it's a new
thing or two things we heard about the
collusion in the Trump Tower with the
Russians yet again more details on that
and once again the the payoff from the
Chinese it goes on and on and on and
it's going to keep on going on until
Congress does something Richard painter
a thank you for being part of our
special coverage tonight now I turn it
as promised to stormy Daniels lawyer
Michael avenatti
what does this mean why is this
happening and is it partly because of
your litigation well Ari I think there's
no question that it largely stems from
our litigation in the
pressure that we have put on the
administration mr. Trump and mr. Cohen
over the last eight to ten weeks I mean
you know some people have taken issue
with the way that we've approached this
case I stand behind it 110 percent
I think it's yielded tremendous results
on a number of different fronts but look
what is this show here's what it shows
it shows that the American people have
been repeatedly lied to by Michael Cohen
by David Schwartz the gentleman that was
noted by megyn kelly i mean he lied on
this network repeatedly lied on CNN
repeatedly lied on panels that I was
with him repeatedly they've been lied to
by White House spokespeople and they've
been lied to by their president the
president stood on Air Force One on
videotape and you had me on that day I
remember it very very well
you had me on this show the day that he
made that statement and I told you at
the time that it was going to be proven
to be false and now it's been proven to
be false it was proven to be false when
mr. Giuliani addressed it a week or two
ago and now we also know that mr.
Giuliani's statements the American
people over the last 10 days have also
proven to be false because what he said
was when he was called to the carpet on
when the president knew he claimed the
president only found out after the
statement on Air Force One this year we
know that not to be true because
according to financial disclosure all of
these payments were made in 2017
none of them occurred in 2018 right so
this whole thing you just said something
so important there's so many things
flying on let's play Rudy Giuliani and
then dig into the timeline you just hit
because legally that matters here's Rudy
having something to do with paying some
stormy Daniels woman 130,000 I mean
which is gonna turn out to be perfectly
legal they funneled it through the law
firm from another law firm and the
president repaid it oh I didn't know
that he did now what you're saying is at
the time of that statement Donald Trump
had actually and literally already
transferred the funds so he knew there's
no doubt and after mr. Giuliani made
that statement he then
tried to backtrack on it and tried to
claim that the Air Force one statement
was accurate because the president did
not repay it or did not start or know
that he had repaid it until after the
Air Force one statement in April of this
year which made no sense at the time but
now has been conclusively shown to be
false but alright I want to put a focus
on what I think the real issue here and
what we really need to look at in May of
2016 when the prior financial disclosure
was filed there's no question that other
people other than mr. Trump were
consulted in connection with that ok mr.
Trump that's not a form that he would
fill out on his own it would make no
sense so other people surrounding him
that would know of liabilities and
assets would have been consulted there's
little question in my mind that Michael
Cohen would have been consulted at that
time because he would have intimate
knowledge of a lot of the details the
president at that point had only been in
office four or five months and and
furthermore all of that would have
related to the year 2016 which we know
that Michael Cohen was intimately
involved with so Michael Cohen would
have been consulted and what I think the
big question is what did Michael Cohen
tell whoever was filling out the form
relating to this liability if any that's
the first question
and the second question is what
communication did Michael Cohen have
with the president relating to this
liability around the time that that form
was completed because if they discussed
purposely excluding this liability from
that form or if any acts were taken to
further keeping it off the form that
would be a serious serious problem for
the president when did you first figure
out that this would be an avenue for you
and if part of your job is to litigate
and figure out what moves your opponents
are contemplating can you make sense of
the strategy like this that has blown up
in their face with this with this
footnote because Donald Trump may not
keep track of the law but even his own
people got him to do this and this is
out tonight because they understood that
further lying about this to the
authorities would be worse so if they
know that and you know that why did they
end up basically hurting themselves this
badly because they're not smart and they
don't they play they play tic-tac-toe
you think it's incompetent I think it's
come
incompetence they also don't think
they're gonna get caught on it now as it
relates to when I found out I checked
the prior financial disclosure form
before we even filed the case back in
March so I knew what the financial you
were looking at this so you knew that
that liability according to the theory
of your case at that time was not
reported that that would hurt them later
if you could keep your case going that
is true yes I knew that that if they
claim that it was reimbursed after the
fact or that it had not been paid in
well I knew that they had not reported
it in connection with the campaign which
in and of itself was a problem and then
I also knew that they had not listed a
liability or expenditure on the
financial disclosure form so I firmly
believe that either way they were gonna
have an issue and lo and behold guess
what they have an issue now some might
argue in both arenas now let me push you
on your roll here and we had Donald
Trump's former lawyer on last night he
made you saw it you watch the big yes he
made the allegation which you've heard
and can respond to that in his view you
are going beyond your mandate with your
client to do other things and let me
speak to that in a little more depth
this very interesting filing from the
ethics office to rod Rosenstein tonight
cites a good government group crew for
their complaints about all this but
stormy Daniels doesn't necessarily
benefit one way or the other and thus
may not care whether or not the election
law issues are pursued how is that
relevant to what you're doing if it is
and why should people care that this is
going over to Rosenstein now well this
issue is directly relevant to our case
and the payment to my client because it
goes to the question of whether mr.
Trump knew of the agreement and knew of
the payment and when he knew of it all
of which goes to whether they can
enforce the NDA or whether the NDA gets
tossed out as we have alleged so there's
no question that it's tightly connected
to the allegations in our case
especially as it relates to the NDA now
I saw the comments last night on your
show and you know with all due respect I
know he's a very learned lawyer at least
was was at one time but most recently he
was disclosing attorney-client
communications on national television
communications that he had with the
president a couple weeks ago I will say
it's a fair criticism although it
happens more than you might think it
comes to Donald Trump
it's highly questionable he should not
be communicating the American people
about what he communicated with mr.
Trump about ever because that should be
in a lockbox it's called the
attorney-client privilege
so look have we taken a traditional
approach in this case no have we taken
an aggressive approach yes have we taken
a media centric approach yes has it
worked I think there's no question that
it's worked people may have criticisms a
criticism of it but you can't argue
against the results that we've obtained
but I suppose it to pinpoint it is are
you the lawyer for stormy Daniels or are
you the lawyer for the resistance I'm
the lawyer for stormy Daniels in the
first instance and I'm the lawyer for
the truth in the second instance while I
have you and I want to bring in David
corn on the Russia of it all but before
we do that as if there wasn't enough of
news going on and David hang with me you
are also in a pitch separate battle
before judge Kimbell would and mr. Cohen
as you know the federal judge here is
basically asking Cohen's attorneys now
to respond to your letter filed in court
which builds back to some of the
material that has come out and they
didn't challenge all the veracity of it
but they did make the point that maybe
you shouldn't be leaking stuff and
that's up for debate I want to read now
Kimball woods response and get yours the
judge directing Michael Cohen to respond
to your letter saying mr. Cohen's
response should include citations to
quote any legal authorities that support
his position your view well in the
initial request to borrows from
participating in the case they they did
not have any legal authority whatsoever
for their position that we should be
barred and quite honestly I thought it
was a very weak filing and I thought it
was done strictly for media purposes and
I think the judge now having read our
submission which pointed out the
deficiencies in their position and
there's a litany of them I think the
judge wants them to account for them and
I don't think they're going to be able
to account for them and I'm confident
that I'm gonna be admitted to practice
before that court right so that I mean
the difference here that you're talking
about the difference between TV and
court as you can say almost anything on
TV and people will decide what they
think about it and in court the only
things that you say in the judge
proceeding like this that matters is
that what you can say that's supported
by precedent you're confident that Cohen
won't have the precedent to sanction you
for the leaks or keep you out of court
I couldn't agree with you more I'm
confident in our position I think I'm
gonna be admitted to that Court I've
been admitted to that court before
without incident there's no reason why I
shouldn't be admitted before the court
and I think at the end of the day mr.
Cohen his attorney you're gonna look
very bad when they're when their efforts
are denied let me bring in david korn
who has promised as part of our coverage
tonight number one David if you have any
confidential attorney-client
communications that you want to disclose
on the beat that's fine
consider doing it number two put in
context for us how all of this news
tonight relates to the wider Russia
probe one obvious Nexus being that the
shell company essential consultants that
was used to pay mr. Evan Audis client is
also linked in other nefarious
allegations and to after your analysis
if you have a thought or a question for
mr. avenatti we welcome it well I give a
Michael credit for helping to bring a
hush payment scandal together with a
pay-to-play scandal with the Russian
scandal they've all we've had this
convergence in the last week or two here
and you know a lot of this all goes back
to finances you know that's part of the
deal with the Russian scandal Donald
Trump's closeness is working with all
oligarchs in Russia for all sorts of
reasons led to the Trump Tower meeting
of which we have more information about
today and we do Swede we do see with the
payments that were made to Michael cones
company essential consultants a link to
an American affiliated company of a
company called Renova which is run by a
major oligarch named Viktor Vekselberg
who also was working with Wilbur Ross
and a bank of Cyprus that was full of
Russian money I mean I feel like Carrie
Mathison a little bit here on the
homeland you need a big board and lots
of string to put all this together and
we see with the financial disclosure
form coming out today you know that that
footnote is very telling the only thing
different between what they said last
year and what they said this year is
Michaels intervention and they I think
they obviously were trying to cover up
so in that last year and they couldn't
do it anymore because the payments had
become public but with his the whole
financial disclosure issue with Donald
Trump has been from the beginning
without revealing his taxes and even
with these forms they're highly highly
limited what they tell us about the
loans he has from overseas sources like
deutsche bank and from other places so
you could never get a good grip on his
overall finances and who he owes money
to let alone hush money payments right
and any thought for Michael or no well I
just want to know what's next Michael
come on let us see yeah but but but
seriously I mean the question I want to
know to a two-degree here is you know
where is the money going that's coming
in to essential consultants because
that's you know you got to follow the
money if we follow the money that's to
say yeah in and out so where is that
Michael is it all go is it just going to
Michael cones personal benefit Michael
well we certainly know more information
than when we have disclosed thus far and
I don't want to disclose any more than
what we've disclosed right now but I
will tell you that I think that as this
continues to unravel it's going to get
much more ugly you think it's gonna get
more ugly no question do you is you have
more in your role given the number of
things going on and the number of
allegations I mean we had the Trump
lawyer a former lawyer last night wasn't
just criticizing you he was asking the
question of whether Michael Cohen's role
was to deal with the Mafia for Donald
Trump I mean he said that and he's a
trump lawyer do you have any when you
say ugly do you have concerns about your
own role your own safety your own
precautions well I certainly have
concerns about the safety of me and my
client I mean they'll say those concerns
have been present they have they've
reached a heightened level over the last
two weeks relating to death threats and
the like but you know Ari we're not
going to go away we're not gonna pack up
and go home we're gonna see this through
to conclusion I think we have incredible
momentum right now we're gonna continue
to search for the truth we're going to
gather information and when it's
appropriate we're going to disclose that
information the American people and they
can make their own determinations as to
what consequences result if any hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
