and a New York Times investigative
report that goes deep inside the origins
of the Trump Russia probe you don't see
details like this every day The Times
learning about an informant feeding the
FBI red hot material on Trump advisers
ongoing contact with Russia and what was
in top FBI officials minds when they
began this super-secret probe here's a
clue
from none other than Mick Jagger I was
drowned I was washed up and left for
dead I fell down to my feet and I saw
they bled yeah yeah I was crowned with a
spike right through my head if you know
those plaintiff lines they are from the
Rolling Stone class safe jumping jack
flash and they are relevant tonight
because that was the FBI's secret code
name for the Russia probe crossfire
hurricane it's from the first line of
that ballad so we know the agents in
charge were at least feeling the stones
and that they saw a hurricane about to
hit the bureau from being right in the
middle of the political crossfire and
Times reports this began in earnest
about a hundred days before the election
FBI agents going abroad to meet with a
foreign diplomat Alexander Downer who
was reporting evidence of a trump
adviser who got a secret heads-up about
yes the looming Russian meddling
designed to hurt Hillary Clinton and
that aide well he's now pled guilty it's
George papadopolis and he's cooperating
with Muller which means Muller is gonna
know what he knows The Times also
revealing in the new report tonight that
the FBI was basically duping Trump
advisors by sending a secret government
informant to meet several times with
Carter page and Papadopoulos to find out
if they were colluding with Russia and
joined by ambassador Michael McFaul
and Malcom Nance Malcolm what do you
think of that tool the FBI and we only
know a little bit but more than we did
before today started using some kind of
informant to glean real-time information
from those individuals associated with
Trump well I think it speaks to the fact
that they felt that they had a very very
serious situation going on Papadopoulos
by speaking to downer did tip off the
FBI through human intelligence all the
way around from Austria
intelligence to us that they were
looking for these Russian emails and
they were that he was communicating with
them to find them but we know from other
reporting that there were other sources
of intelligence and when intelligence
that comes out of our community gets to
the FBI they have to task out agents and
assets to turn that into evidence and I
think by the time they reach that
100-day point before the election they
were hot on the trail between Carter
page and Papadopoulos and probably the
other indicators they were getting from
the steel dossier they really needed to
run this down to the ground and that
record that means they have to use
agents in the field who were handling
assets ambassador McFaul reading from
this report about Carter page who folks
have heard about it's just unbelievable
Russian spies had already tried to
recruit page in 2013 and then he was
dismissive when US agents warned him
about it that warning they made even
went back to Russian Intel leaving FBI
agents suspecting Paige had reported
their efforts to Moscow now I don't know
how you say double agent in Russian but
that wouldn't seem to be someone you
want on the inside of the u.s. campaign
seeking the presidency correct all right
yeah of course you wouldn't want that
it's my thing is the obvious stuff on
the news but but it's good to say the
obvious stuff every now and again
because I think people forget just how
extraordinary all of this is that Carter
Paige was warned as you said and that's
the way it works you know I've been in
this world for decades when that they
reach out the FBI reaches out to let you
know what they're doing because maybe
you don't understand that world for but
for him then to dismiss it and move on
with these contacts why anybody should
have any context with any Russians to
talk about presidential elections is is
mysterious to me but this is a very
strange story of which we learned some
of the details again today
let me read Malcolm dance from another
key part of this report cuz there's so
much in here to digest
FBI agents considering and then reject
did interviewing key Trump associates
which might have sped up the
investigation a good thing but risked
revealing the existence of the case and
when agents did take the bolder
investigative steps like interviewing
the ambassador of course they were
shouted and shot in secrecy now Malcolm
I'm sure you know the expression real
G's move in silence like lasagna maybe
real g-men also move in silence but at
what point was this too much concern
about secrecy and not enough concern
about catching a potential international
conspiracy well first off the very fact
that they wanted to move at that speed
and that they had to be exceptionally
careful tells you the level of intensity
of the investigation itself that that
indicates to me that this is one of the
most serious investigations that has
been done in modern history to do Monday
morning quarterbacking I know you're an
Intel guy so you don't want to pass too
much judgement on these tough calls but
were they too concerned about secrecy
and not enough on doing things that
might have caught this before November
well we are the ones who gave this the
you know the the catch this before
November timeline the FBI the
counterintelligence officers there they
don't work at that at that pace they
work at the pace of where they can marry
up that Global Intelligence to turn it
into evidence to get us what they may
believe is a foreign spy and that's how
this whole thing started right with
American citizens in contact with
foreign intelligence agencies so to them
this is Aldrich Ames right the CIA spot
this is them hunting down what they
believe is the ultimate insider threat
they would have to actually see
information or already believe that the
information they would have about Donald
Trump Paul Manafort or whoever else
could possibly be extrapolated from the
involvement with Carter page that would
take extraordinary measures they would
take phenomenal measures to make sure
that this case what's the most solid
case in the history of America
ambassador as a diplomat who's talking
about representing American values
abroad I have to ask you of course about
the other development here in Senate
Intel today moving forward on Trump's
picked to run the CIA Gina hasp
she famously destroyed the torture tapes
she got forward today on a ten to five
vote with two Democrats voting YES that
includes a Senator Mark Warner who many
people have recognized as as contra
Trump on other issues ambassador what do
you think of that was this the right
call does it concern you that someone so
involved in the bush torture era is
getting a promotion well it concerns me
but all right I just need to say one
more thing on the earlier story because
remember you know I used to be the
recipient of intelligence when I worked
in the government and there is always
this intention even between Malcolm and
I right now about the folks that are
running the case and us that want to use
the information in real time to do
policy work and I just won't want to
remind your viewers we could have found
out about this counterintelligence
investigation we found out about another
FBI investigation about Secretary
Clinton and the fact that we found out
about one and not the other that's
inexcusable to me either you you tell us
the American people about both because
this is way more extraordinary what
we're talking about then what happened
with no I think you raise an important
point and that's it and that's in The
Times article as well as for as for the
CIA sir I think it's a hard call because
when you're in the government how much
authority do you have when you're your
bosses are telling you to do one thing I
know when I served in the government
even as a US ambassador I did what the
team wanted and if you don't then you go
for the team what if the team wants to
destroy tapes that allegedly show
torture I would have resigned I would
she get promoted that would not be my
that would not have been what I had
would recommend I I do not support this
I I wanted to just get in on that and I
know it's something that both of you
know a lot about hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
