President Trump has called the Russia
investigation a witch-hunt more times
than we can count
and it seems many of his supporters are
following suit NBC News sat in on a
focus group of voters in Wisconsin last
night that was moderated by Democratic
pollster Peter Hart he's on the
Democratic half of our NBC Wall Street
Journal bipartisan polling team take a
listen to what the Trump voters that
were in this group half Trump voters
half Clinton voters said when they were
asked to write down what they believe to
be the purpose of Muller's investigation
so witch-hunt - it's a sway public
opinion keep negative press in the for
light to excessive president Trump
colluded with Russia regarding yellow
pig I wrote it was a witch-hunt to
overturning election they call it a
farce by created by the deep state do
you know a Russia but there's just so
much going on it's it's now confusing I
don't even know what path they're going
down and why they're still pursuing it
overwhelmingly it seems they think
President Trump is telling the truth and
Muller it's not folks Bob Muller may
want to watch this focus group because
if he has the goods he's gonna need some
of these folks we just heard from to
believe him let's go back to the panel
Kati no Azhar Lena I told you I had an
interesting way for you guys to have to
finish this conversation will the voters
care won't they care no did that
surprise you it did actually surprise me
the extent to which we in the mainstream
press in this panel for example
focus on these issues and shy away from
language that is frequently appears in
Donald Trump's tweets witch-hunts deep
state the kind of stuff we think is
indicative of somebody who's detached
from the news who doesn't actually pay
very close attention to events I mean I
know that probably sounds condescending
to voters but nevertheless you can't
prove the existence of a deep state
witch hunt is a theoretical construct it
is not something that is something that
it would would be familiar to a legal
expert so these are these this suggests
to me that the president's twitter is a
lot more powerful than we give it credit
for
yeah and that the president can sheep
shape narratives to the extent that he
wants to and if mob Muller's
investigation unfortunately the
investigation is going to pursue
whatever Avenue that wants to
independent of what the voters think or
not but if Bob Muller has the goods on
anybody in Donald Trump circle it is
going to be met with incredulity you
know Zerlina I was very interested in
actually in the last guy that we heard
from Curtin was his name by the way and
he said dealing with Russia there's just
so much going on it's now all confused I
don't understand the path i undo I
totally get it
I've had people going wait a minute
stormy Daniels this Michael avenatti
Russia thing then there's this Michael
Cohen guy
there's something about taxi cabs wait
crane I understand it feels like you're
stuck in a bad Dostoevsky novel Russian
lines and that's why Bob Muller has a
big team of prosecutors because this is
a very complicated case you're dealing
with money laundering you're dealing
with possible collusion but that's not
actually a crime so he's probably
looking into conspiracy and some
underlying offenses like campaign
finance and hacking laws but I think
that the bottom line here for voters
should be you know when did the
president know if anything about what
all of these different people were doing
in relation to Russia and when he comes
out and he says we had nothing to do
with Russia I have nothing to do with
Russia we now know that's not true and I
think that if Trump ends up in legal
jeopardy and I don't I think it's
interesting that Giuliani is leaking
that Moeller has said to them that you
can't indict a sitting president I think
that's an open by the way that's a
constitution it is a fact that the
Justice Department operates under that
guideline going back to 2000 when the
question was was about Bill Clinton
correct and it but it but it can go up
to the Supreme Court and we can have a
legal argument there are people that
disagree on that question I think that
the American people are going to look at
the president and see if he's telling
the truth about this stuff or not and I
think that we have enough evidence to
know that that's not true I think the
president lying matters to voters even
if collusion does it unless we're in a
post truth world I think if lying matter
Donald Trump wouldn't be President no I
know I feel like you're the tennis coach
I think voters knew that he wasn't
honest a lot of the time I mean I asked
them and they said yeah I know he's not
always totally right that wasn't a bug
it was a feature that was exactly I mean
I think if applying a matter de voters
and Donald Trump wouldn't be there and
listen yes Donald Trump got 30% of the
vote but he won the electoral college
and and the question is not necessarily
whether Donald Trump voters will come
out and continue to vote for him yes
maybe they can the question is are
voters across the country who do not
like him or maybe took a chance and
decided they don't like him now are they
gonna come out in enough numbers to
overturn that is the voter turnout on
the demo
kradic or independent side going to be
big enough to overturn that electoral
college vote no before you jump in here
I want to put up another full screen
from this focus group the words they
were asked to put to describe Muller
okay
Clinton voters all used very positive
words here intelligent respected smart
diligent investigator unstoppable what's
interesting here is on the Trump voters
is yes there were some negatives
desperate unethical but looking for
substance smart there were a couple
there liar partisan in fact one of the
Trump voters said in the focus group
Noah no they think it would be a mistake
of Trump fired him it would look like he
has something to hide so it goes to
remember mullah doesn't have to convince
all Trump voters that he's his
investigations on the up not just in a
significant chunk when Donald Trump's
job approval rating declines it is
because Republicans peel off and when
Republicans peel off it's because he
does something that frustrates
Republicans in Congress in media and
they criticize Donald Trump and that's
when you get a split so if you were to
fire Bob Muller it would split the
Republican Party you peel off that 20%
and it would set a substantial electoral
effect when Donald Trump thing does
things that voters doesn't like do like
rather it is when he criticizes women is
when he uses coarse language is when he
inflames racial tensions it has very
little to do with the Russia collusion
narrative so when we get on the Russia
collusion narrative we're getting away
from the stuff that voters don't like I
think you should also look at Dan Balz
is reporting in the Upper Midwest he
went to two four different states and
talked to voters over and over again
over a 15-month period trump voters
counties that flip from Democrat to
Republican talking to them about whether
they still support Donald Trump and and
the majority of the answers were yes but
with some caveats and one of them was I
don't like his twittering tweeting
obviously but another one was I don't
necessarily like the Muller probe I
think it is a witch hunt but I do think
it would be a mistake for the president
to fire him and that's where you know
that that's the line clearly that the
president even it looks like even he's
figured out but I do think that the the
prosecution team there talk about this
in the agreement the prosecution team
that Moeller has put together is a very
aggressive prosecution team they
prosecuted and run in a very aggressive
way you know spouses ended up in prison
over that investigation some of the
retraction that overturned corrected
okay
to aggressive it was very aggressive so
we're talking about there's a lot of
people tangentially related to the
president who are in legal jeopardy
right now and so regardless of what
Giuliani says I'm regardless of whether
or not voters care the legal the legal
system does care Donald Trump pardons
them apart state crimes hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
