most curious is it appears that the
Trump campaign was soliciting proposals
for an online influencer operation that
was eerily similar to the one Russia
actually delivered the New York Times is
now reporting that former Trump campaign
adviser Rick Gates quote requested
proposals in 2016 from an Israeli
company to create fake online identities
to use social media manipulation and to
gather intelligence to help defeat
Republican primary race opponents and
Hillary Clinton according to interviews
and copies of the proposals Gates has
been cooperating with a special counsel
since pleading guilty in February did
not act on the proposal however mower
has questioned employees of the Israeli
firm that drafted the proposals that's
according to The Times which replace the
duplicates saw the promise of a
disruption effort to swing voters of mr.
Trump's favor and that he expressed
interest in using social media influence
and manipulation as a campaign tool
while those proposals seem to describe a
small-scale version of the social media
campaign that Russia ultimately carried
out the benefit Trump and disparage
Hillary Clinton 13 Russians were
eventually indicted last February for
that effort which also include the
fraudulent use of fictitious online
personas I'm joined right now by Malcolm
Nance
author of the plot to destroy democracy
what do you make of the fact that the
Trump people in the firt and the person
of Rick Gates was out there soliciting
proposals for and Israeli coming to do
what the Russians ultimately did which
is a screw with our elections help Trump
hurt Hillary well if you look at the
timeline this conversation took place in
March 2016 this is just about the exact
same time that the Democratic National
Committee was discovering that their
servers had been hacked into that George
papadopolis was out meeting with
suspected members of Russian
intelligence and the rumor that Hillary
Clinton's emails were in the possession
of the Kremlin were being floated all
around at this time I think that there
were multiple teams we've already seen
evidence that there were multiple
in the Trump camp and there's fear that
had been looking for information related
to Hillary's emails related to
psychological warfare and influence
warfare operations or what the Russians
and the Israelis called
perception management techniques to find
and manipulate voters let me ask you
about what it says about the mo here's
Rick Gates it was of course a Sancho
Panza of a Paul Manafort
he's out two identities on his own he's
out there trying to develop a
relationship with some overseas foreign
operation which would give them the
capability to screw with Hillary's
campaign and to help Trump's it what do
you think how does it fit into the
jigsaw puzzle of Russian collusion Trump
Russian collusion well from an
intelligence perspective here's how I
would take a look at it if I were to
hear this one data point I would
immediately walk it back and say why
would this individual suddenly be going
out and soliciting proposals and
receiving proposals related to influence
warfare operations targeting a select
narrow bandwidth of voters that means
he's had a conversation with someone or
has heard a directive from someone to go
out and find this information and what's
interesting is trumpet already had
Cambridge analytical for over a year
Jared Kushner and Steve Bannon were on
the board of that company already
carrying out these operations which
means that there was something more
specific they wanted in this group SCI
group was out to try to help them
acquire that information and we would
later find out that there were other
groups also trying to find Hillary's
emails during that time and then all the
time Donald juniors out there trying to
cut up to organize something at the
Trump Tower it's a lot of arms to this
this octopus anyway the Israeli firm
known as sy group that drafted those
proposals at the request of the Trump
campaign was owned by Joel's m/l who
later met with Donald Trump jr. and
others at Trump Tower in August of 2016
and that mean he also included Eric
Prince and Jorge nadir who are best
known for holding a secretive meeting
with the Russian out with a Russian
oligarch and the Seychelles
the notion that was just before Trump's
inauguration in January 2017 around that
same time by the way here's a key fact
NATO reportedly paid two million dollars
to Joel
Sam L the owner of that Israeli firm the
one they had solicited for help to
defeat Hillary and that's according to
The Times which reports is the reason
for the payment has been of keen
interest of mr. Moore what is your
interest in this what do you make of
this unexplained 2 million to our
payment to the Israeli firm in question
well Georgia Nader had also been a
facilitating operations for the
government of the United Arab Emirates
and their intelligence agencies by
linking psyops I group to the UAE
government it could be that but we don't
know all we know is that there's
unexplained money flying around at a
time that psychological influence
operations by this Israeli group were
were paramount for almost everybody
another key point to this is Robert
Muller
went to Israel with Israeli authorities
and they tore saya group apart I mean
they literally interviewed everybody
before the grand jury or the senior
management for the grand jury went there
seized computers and documents this
group is a black hole in the story of
which we can only learn more and see
whether they were actually tied to
Moscow in some way or just an
independent operation that trump funded
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
