welcome back on this very busy day of
breaking Russian news we figured we
should use some of our experts former
CIA director and an NBC News contributor
John Brennan joins me now mr. Brennan I
know we're keeping you busy today thank
you for sticking around let me start
from what we heard from learn from the
Senate Intelligence Committee versus the
House Intelligence Committee you and I
have had conversations about sort of the
house Intel committee being broken what
you read and saw from the Senate Intel
committee today I just wanted to get
your initial reaction well I was up at
the hill this morning along with Jim
clapper former DNI and Mike Rogers
former head of NSA we testified in front
of that committee we answered a lot of
questions that they had I must say that
they are conducting their
responsibilities in a in a very good
manner it's bipartisan it's thorough
it's rigorous it's all the things that
the house counterpart has not done and I
think there's been great leadership by
senators Burr and Warner and their
findings basically supported the Intel
community's assessment about the Russian
interference election what the
objectives were so I have confidence
that the Senate intelligence committees
ultimate report which will I think
support the intelligence assessment that
was done previously but also will come
out with some recommendations about how
we can prevent recurrences of these
types of efforts or at least make it
much more difficult for foreign entities
or male actors to interfere in the
election walk viewers through the
difference between what the Senate
Intelligence Committee is doing and what
Robert Muller is doing I mean I you know
we I sometimes think it's important to
hear it from someone like yourself
explain the difference well Bob Muller's
charged a special counsel is to try to
get to the bottom of Russian
interference election and to find out
whether or not there was any criminal
activity that took place during these
Russian efforts and that's why he's come
out with some indictments already and
that is a criminal investigation it's a
law enforcement effort the Senate
Intel's committee and the House Intel's
committee are their efforts are designed
to try to understand from the standpoint
of good government what the Intel
community and FBI did
that period of time try to understand
the vulnerabilities that exist within
the system and then to try to move
forward with either legislation or
public recommendations about what should
be done to try to prevent occurrences of
like this in the future so I think they
have two different purposes one is
looking at whether or not there were any
illegal activities that took place and
criminal charges that need to be levied
the other is not a criminal
investigation of the congressional
investigations of looking at what
happened and how we can prevent it one
quote that I have always highlighted
circle you can talk to my staff we've
had it cut out we have it
I think plastered on one of our walls of
timelines that we try to keep as we try
to keep track of this it's something
that you said to Congress in May of 17
when you said frequently people who go
along a trees in this path do not know
they are on a treasonous path until it
is too late you weren't trying to
specify an individual at the time but
when you look at this trump tower
meaning and everything that happened in
it is it an episode like that that that
you were describing is it an episode
similar to that when you when you use
that specific quote about a treasonous
path well I was basing that on my
experience and the intelligence world
and the tradecraft that goes along with
intelligence collection and espionage
and frequently intelligence officers
will try to cultivate a relationship
with individuals without revealing their
intelligence affiliation and so
individuals are frequently led down a
path because of either friendship or
some type of business interest or
collaboration and they start to do
things that are unethical it abnormal in
terms of what the responsibilities are
as well as illegal and that's what
Russian intelligence officers try to do
try to get people into positions where
they have already compromised their
integrity may have already violated the
laws and as a way to encourage them to
continue to go along that path so a lot
of people under now so what you're
saying is they're not doing it by choice
they're basically saying do you want us
to turn you in or not right is that the
well they can they can blackmail
individuals
but frequently individuals are already
deep into the pool
and then they recognize that they are
guilty and they might as well you know
keep going
believing sometimes that they can
outsmart the law enforcement
intelligence professionals and that
they're not going to get caught so they
just keep going down that path
well the Trump Tower meeting I say
sometimes and I know it's frustrating
for you and it can be frustrating for us
when we interview you I know there's
some things you can't reveal meaning
like when did you learn of it and things
like that you and unless you want to
unless you can't reveal that but what
kind of red flags should that meeting
have set off well certainly for those
who were and I want to start with the
Russian lawyer like how how important is
she in this underline well the Russians
and whether they'd be intelligence
officers or citizens lawyers of others
who are going to be used by Russian
intelligence these are the things that I
think US persons certainly u.s. govern
officials as well as individuals who
were part of a presidential campaign
need to be very wary about and they
should have had some real red flags
thrown up to them if there were offers
to provide information about Hillary
Clinton and whether it's real naivete
ignorance of the law or just feeling
that they can do whatever they wanted to
because they were who they were I think
it demonstrated to the Russians who were
party to this that there was a bite on
their line and then they started to real
people in because if they showed up for
a meeting where they thought they were
going to get dirt on a candidate it
showed a motivation and an inclination
to accept that type of information from
individuals of questionable backgrounds
and affiliation let me just ask you this
straight up everything we think we know
about the Trump Tower meeting what
Donald Trump jr. testified before the
Senate for the Senate Judiciary
Committee and in the
version of events based on the
transcripts that we've all read today do
you believe those version of events or
do you think we don't actually know what
happened in that Trump Tower meeting I
think would there's still a lot that the
public does not know I know there are a
lot of things that I don't know you know
I knew a lot when I was in government
but I do you know more about that
meeting than we do in the public domain
I'm not gonna talk about what I might
know or not know about it you just said
you just admitted it so I didn't mean
that
no yeah I'm saying I know a lot about
what happened during my time and at CIA
during the presidential campaign that is
not you know come out publicly for a
variety of reasons but I know that Bob
Muller and his team of investigators
have uncovered a lot more information
and I'm putting the pieces together so I
don't think anybody should assume
complete knowledge and the truth about
any of these interactions or meetings
because we only see and hear what has
come out so far but I'm sure there's
still a lot more as out there very
quickly what did you make of Rand Paul's
request the senator from Kentucky that
Gina Haspel say definitively or not
whether Donald Trump was spied on by the
CIA Rand Paul filibustered my nomination
when I was CIA director I find a lot of
things that Rand Paul does inexplicable
was that an appropriate question to ask
and is it an appropriate it should Gina
Haspel or the CIA respond well I mean
any senator has the right I think to ask
a question and I think if he really is
interested in this issue I think CIA
can't provide response maybe to the
Intelligence Committee Rand Paul is not
on the intell's committee he is not
privy to a lot of things that CIA does
or knows and so this is an issue that I
think Richard Burr and Mark Warner have
to work as sort of intermediaries
between a Rand Paul and a Gina Haspel
and CIA gotcha
John Brennan former CIA director and a
contributor for us here at NBC News
thank you sir thanks John
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the video
to watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTP daily and MSNBC you
get more meet the press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
