we've got some breaking news coming into
the newsroom here at MSNBC we now have
president Trump's official financial
disclosure report for the last calendar
year 2017
NBC News senior business reporter Ben
Popkin has been going over these
documents and again we've got dozens of
documents I know you're just getting
started but what can you tell us so far
what jumps out at you so everyone's
looking for the stormy Daniels payment
and then right here on the first page
they talked about the office government
ethics has concluded that the
information relate to the payment made
by mr. Cohen is one will was required to
be reported and an information that is
provided meets the disclosure
requirement and then they direct you to
this other page buried down page 45 at
the very bottom it says an interest of
transparency will not require to be
disclosed as a reportable liability
expenses were incurred by one of Donald
Trump Trump's attorneys Michael Cohen he
sought the reimbursement of those
expenses and mr. Trump fully reimbursed
mr. Cohen in 2017 the category of value
would be a hundred thousand and one
dollar at two $250,000 in the interest
rate so that's the disclosure that it's
disclosed and it's out there but there's
also I mean there there some who
suggesting that perhaps this is why Rudy
Giuliani a couple of weeks ago was out
there saying it because they knew this
was coming up possibly he may have been
trying to get ahead of this there they
were talking different ways different
terms that it might be described as a
case where maybe mr. Cohen looks like
the the debtor and that's sort of what
it looks like it is here mr. Cohen is
seeking the reimbursement of the those
expenses and mr. Trump reimbursed him
but that's not the question well
everyone knows that there was this
payment that the the real question is
did this meet the disclosure
requirements did this break any
disclosure laws and we have OGE saying
it meets the requirements and at the
same time this came out there was also a
letter by mr. rod Rosenstein certifying
Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval that
this disclosure meets the requirements
and so that's that's what the documents
say
mr. Trump's attorney mr. Giuliani has
also said that Cohen was was paid four
hundred sixty four hundred seventy
thousand dollars from the president
which also included money for now
incidental expenses do we know any more
about those expenses based on this
report we don't know any more about
those expenses based on this report at
first blush we have you know the the
different LLC's he has hundreds of LLC's
and all we get to see is their income
their names and sort of what the
underlying assets are if there's any
individual transactions between bank
accounts if you know petty cash is being
taken out to pay back someone in a lump
sum or in a series of payments or we're
not gonna see that in here the the New
York Times seems to be reporting right
now that his business is based on this
financial disclosure agreement that his
businesses are suffering from a decline
in revenue the DC hotel though does
appear to be booming revenues according
to The Times upwards of forty plus
million dollars one of the things that
strikes me Ben and again we're just
going over these documents I don't think
we even have graphics prepared to show
our viewers another business yeah the
latter kind of latter capital finance
deutsche bank the president has a number
of loans outstanding loans with with
Deutsche Bank I'm counting on this just
this one page alone one two three four
and some of these loans this one more
than fifty million dollars another one
more than fifty million dollars this was
between five and twenty five million
grant between 25 and fifty million
dollars yep what do we know about those
loans or do we know anything about those
loans yeah we really don't know anything
about these loans and there's just this
is really just keep saying that this is
really just a snapshot a glimpse of his
finances with all these different
limited liability companies that he uses
they they all have different shares
partnership shares that they can be
broken into so is his exposure to it a
percentage of it is he these revenues is
it does the money actually just go back
into the business and not get reported
as income for the hotel did they go put
it back to improving the hotel rooms we
don't actually know we don't know
anything until we see his taxes because
that is gonna say how what income
actually gets drawn down to him on a
personal level without the taxes without
that actual kind of full disclosure you
mean the tax returns that the president
said he would make public when he was
running you're right those ones yes okay
again Ben Popkin the breaking news here
at president's financial report for last
calendar year just coming out we're just
getting their hands on its 92 pages but
the highlight here
president Trump revealing for the first
time that he did pay more than a hundred
thousand dollars to his personal
attorney Michael Cohen as as
reimbursement to a third party mr. Cohen
excuse me
mr. Popkin I'm gonna let you continue to
pour over these documents we're gonna
continue to follow this story come back
and join us in a few minutes if you can
please sir sure hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
