let me ask you this you were on with our
pal Chuck Todd a couple of weeks ago on
Meet the Press daily and and I want to
remind you our viewers of what you had
to say then when you were asked about
calling for Scott Pruitt's resignation
watch yeah I have not called for
resignation at the moment but it is
something that I look at and I do ask
myself that question I just haven't
landed there just yet so congressman
that was April 26th here we are mid-may
have you landed there yet no because I
want to see what happens today before
the Senate as you mentioned at the at
the outset this is the next time he's
appeared on the hill to actually answer
questions from the Senators there's been
a couple other things come to light
which I think you've reported on as well
in terms of the email in terms of a
study that has been not been forthcoming
so I still have concerns I don't I'm not
trying to sidestep the question at all
we just haven't heard any more since
then but so what's your red line
congressman it's now the the 12th
investigation number 12 has been opened
into into Scott Pruett what is enough
enough in your view well I'd like to get
the answers I mean to be clear we did
not I do not feel that we got the
straightforward answers that we should
have gotten before the house several
weeks ago what I think the Senate is
going to do today is take his testimony
from several weeks ago and dig a lot
deeper and require more so it by my
estimation he's certainly not out of the
clear what's helped him I think is that
the president is standing behind him
that certainly helps him obviously it's
up to the president but the scrutiny
over his spending over his travel over
some of the decision-making that has
happened on the management side are
still there and more questions I think
had come about over the past several
weeks to be sure
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
