does the government need to get involved
is there some component of this that
Congress should step in on should
regulate when it comes to social media
we had this focus group at NBC News and
we talked with a bunch of voters out in
Milwaukee about this they were asked
whether the government should actually
do something more I want to play it for
you I'd be fine without them getting
involved no government good competition
Senate standards I don't think it's that
big of an issue right now for me very
good I don't have any concerns if the
government is not involved so that's
interesting right why do you think
voters feel that way I don't think they
understand the scope of the problem and
at the end of the day it's gonna be very
hard for the government to fix this it
would be really really good if Facebook
and the other internet platforms made
the changes in their business model that
would be necessary to prevent
manipulation of democracy they don't
have an incentive to do that today so
the reason why you want the government
to come in is you want them to change
the rules you want them to basically
make sure that these companies have an
incentive to to do the right thing and
the pressure from the public it really
matters people saying it doesn't matter
to me that suggests more that they don't
yet fully understand the scope of the
problem because this is our democracy at
risk here and we've already seen it work
very badly in the United States and it
brexit and we're gonna see it a lot more
going forward because the threat of
vaults it's getting worse it's getting
harder because the artificial
intelligence built into these systems is
it's just too easy to manipulate roger
McNamee thank you for coming on and for
joining me for this conversation thank
you for having me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
