if it went afford them okay stop it's
enough it's enough what he gets it what
are you talking about everyone thinks
he's stupid and he doesn't like to be
told that he's stupid stop just talking
to Willie
no it's about Rudy and the president new
details
light on why president Trump's been so
adamant on overturning sanctions against
that Chinese telecom giant that spies on
the United States of America the US and
China are nearing a deal that would give
China ZTE relief from the potentially
crippling sanctions by the u.s. in
exchange China would remove tariffs on
billions of dollars of US agricultural
products that it announced as
retaliation for u.s. tariffs on Chinese
steel and aluminum the potential
agreement would help explain president
Trump's tweet Sunday in which he
announced that he was working with
Chinese President Xi is Inge ping to get
ZTE back into business and the company
the company announced earlier this month
its main business operations had ceased
due to sanctions by the US government
the journal adds that the president's
tweet took many in his inner circle by
surprise that's so frightening it's not
a surprise at all adding that it wasn't
preceded by interagency discussions on
the poem and of course the line in that
that again surprises a lot of people and
a lot of people that voted for Donald
Trump was he was very upset about jobs
being lost in China he said too many
jobs lost in China the way he's doing
things is it's very surprising whether
Snell is bringing Democratic congressman
Tim Ryan of Ohio good morning
congressman thanks for waking up early
being on Morning Joe
two minutes for having me I'm going to
say a phrase you respond first thing
that come to your mind
yeah too many jobs lost in China go
Donald Trump yeah why is he saying that
you know it's hard to tell with this
administration it's just it's fly by the
seat of your pants my biggest concern
with with this particular issue and
what's been happening since he got in
China is our number one
petted her and we have absolutely no
strategy on how we're going to deal with
it China has a ten-year plan a 30-year
plan a 50-year plan a hundred year plan
and the Trump administration is caught
in a 24-hour news cycle with no strategy
for how the United States can compete
against them Heidi is with us and has a
question for you now Heidi congressman
this tweet is just so bizarre too many
jobs lost in China this from a president
who campaigned on China is raping us not
my words his words but done without any
interagency process kedi catching his
closest advisers off-guard in coming
just a few days after this branding deal
apparently was cut in Indonesia with the
Chinese government funneling potentially
500 million dollars into this project
that will directly benefit Trump do you
see a connection does Congress have any
plans to look into whether there is a
connection
I think it's awfully suspicious and it's
happening time and time again where
President Trump is rep trying to
represent or posing to represent the
interests of the United States but
there's always some kind of business
dealing going on whether it's his
son-in-law in the in the White House
cutting deals and the next day he gets
big loans or what we're talking about
here but it shows the scope of what
China is trying to do there one belt one
road initiative where they're really
trying to move into Europe they're
trying to extend their influence in the
region and in President Trump is
profiting off of this and then he
violates the advice of all of the
national security people he's talking
about creating jobs in China and as I
said in one of my tweets you know we've
lost 2,700 auto worker jobs just outside
of Youngstown Ohio since he's been in
office and we can't get any attention
there's no industrial policy in the
United States there's no talk of help in
the middle class and here's the other
piece when you're talking about China
the tax cut bill which will end up being
2.3 trillion dollars a
a lot of that money we are borrowing
from China so they're loaning us money
we're paying interest on it and then
China's making all of these investments
all around the world to become the great
economic power in the world in the next
five to ten years because of the bad
decisions we're making here in the
United States so the tax cut was bad for
a lot of reasons but the other reason is
the interest we're paying on the money
we borrowed is going into the pockets of
the Chinese government
hey congressman it's Willie just want to
follow up on the reports that the
Chinese government has loaned half a
billion dollars to a theme park and
resort tied to president Trump's
business in a statement MNC land the
Indonesian company developing the park
whose owner attended the president's
inauguration told The Associated Press
that the Trump Organization has quote no
relationship with the theme park that
the Chinese company is building and then
C also said news reports the Chinese
government backed 500 million dollar
loan for the project had been signed
were false however the Trump
Organization which the White House
directors reporters questions toward has
declined to comment the development will
include a Trump branded hotel residences
and golf course so there's more another
China layer to the story congressman
yeah but back to your point about the GM
Lordstown plant that's lost I think
2,500 between 2,500 and 3,000 jobs just
in the last year and a half about the
time the president Trump has been in
office hasn't received a tweet from the
president but the people who voted in
your district even Democrats who voted
for Donald Trump on the promise that he
would make America great again and bring
those auto jobs back and keep those
assembly plants open and thriving how
are they feeling now 16 months into the
trump presidency do they feel in any way
like he's forgotten them or are they
happy with what he's done so far I think
the shines coming off the Apple I think
there's a couple issues that he talks
about rhetorically that that they
connect with but the reality on the
ground is much different there's been no
structural change
there's been no attention given to those
you know States those Great Lakes states
that he campaigned in and made all the
promises he's gone back on just about
everything he said and I will tell you
that I've talked to several
union leaders who have told me that a
lot of their rank-and-file people are
upset that they voted the way they did
jaja so let me ask you that I'll have
the tax cuts if the tax cuts help the
people in your district and you think
jobs returning to your district because
of the tax cuts no not I mean no I mean
we we haven't seen any real huge
economic growth or any real economic
growth I mean the issue for our people
now are wages it's those people caught
between poverty in the middle class you
know sixty six percent of Americans are
making less than forty thousand dollars
a year a lot of those people are in my
congressional district and Trump's plan
on all of these issues including the tax
cuts went primarily to you know the top
five or 10% of the people in the country
and look we needed tax reform but we
need bigger tax cuts for middle class
and less for people in the top brackets
where they've been accumulating all the
wealth this trickle-down economics we've
tried three separate times it's not
working and it's time that we get back
on track that we got to reinvest back
into the country reinvest back in our
people we do have to streamline
government and tighten things up
government does waste money and we have
a responsibility to try to fix that but
this is about building the country we
are competing as I said before Joe one
point three or four billion people in
China we only have three hundred and
thirty million people in the United
States we have got to have everybody on
the field playing for us that means
investments in research education health
care Public Health these are in the new
industries that are growing Trump's
talking about coal jobs we're down
thirty thousand coal jobs in the last
ten years right wind and solar and
additive manufacturing are growing at 25
or 30 percent a year we need to invest
in those jobs and bring those jobs to
places like Youngstown well you know
it's it's because like we've said we've
got the Chinese that are looking forward
to 2050 mm-hmm in order to fish
intelligence we're looking at back to
1950 and 1850 on coal mine jobs and
other things that again let's do what we
can to help those that are hurting right
now but we need to have an economy
that's looking forward
well congressman Tim Ryan thank you very
much
thanks for being on this morning and
still to come on Morning Joe Axios got a
first-hand look at the Trump campaigns
plan to get the president re-elected in
2020 co-founder of Axios Mike Allen
joins us for that Winston I had on
Morning Joe I'll be right back thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
