it's challenge big challenge to us as
medical staff to deal with the new part
of
these injured people and now a breathing
room in small section surgical section
of small will having any
three bits NBC's Matt Bradley on the
ground in Gaza as medical staff
struggled to care for the wounded
yesterday funerals were held after at
least 60 Palestinians were killed by
Israeli Defense Forces along the Gaza
border sparked by the opening of the new
US Embassy in Jerusalem a strange sense
of calm fell over Gaza after Hamas
called for a more smaller scale general
strike however the group is saying it's
still considering military action before
the latest appeal this week our next
guests travel to the Middle East in an
attempt to understand both sides of the
israeli-palestinian conflict
take a look we're in the Palestinian
side of Heffron behind me you can see
the IDF there are supposed to be here
but they kind of do what they want
Hornung most often in with a hotel like
10-feet platinum Ellis - Murat Bella -
stop looking for dr. hollien his or her
name is abeyance
do you think Jews have a right to live
in this land where all the Israelis go
get out of the middle mile a beautiful
room that is a scene from the
documentary for the Atlantic magazine
entitled a Muslim among the settlers and
joining us now watch Ali he's also an
author journalist and contributing op-ed
writer for the New York Times also with
this New York Times opinion writer and
editor
Barry Weiss good to have you both watch
given what we're seeing today in
response to the embassy in Jerusalem
among other things tell us about the
goal of your project and and what
insight that you have especially given
the unrest that we are seeing yeah so
the goal of the project was for me to
talk to settlers in the West Bank we're
talking about three hundred eighty-five
thousand Jewish citizens of Israel in
occupied territory and to see what
motivates them why are they there and
how do they see themselves as what many
people say the United States John Kerry
the international community even fellow
Jews here and over there as a major
impediment to any stability or peace
plan and we also have three hundred
thousand settlers in East Jerusalem as
well which is considered occupied
territory according to international law
and the international community and you
go there and you see not a monolithic
group you see a diversity of settlers
many many of them are there because they
say this is our land we're here we want
a religious community others say you
know what we can't afford the real
estate in Jerusalem others say it's a
good Drive to Tel Aviv Oh what you also
see is a type of zealot area among some
and a type of strident conviction that
believes that the redemption of the land
is necessary for the glory of the Jewish
people and they need everything from the
east to the west from river to the sea
and what I saw there was that the
redemption of the land in my opinion is
coming at the expense of the Palestinian
people I would say the shattering of the
Palestinian people but also I would say
it's coming at the expense of the future
of Israel as a democracy and you put
this so well in the piece you say in
part this ever since the creation of the
modern State of Israel
Jerusalem's daily weather forecasts
could be described as sunny with a
slight chance of an apocalypse it's a
real estate dispute yes but seeded with
a profound religious complexity that
casts a shadow across the Middle East
and all the way to America where many
Jewish and Muslim communities circle
each other with apprehension and
mistrust the Palestinians and the Jews
are heavily burdened with these kinds of
people I was always assumed that Hamas
and the settlers needed each other to
justify their respective existences
lovers dancing a waltz pouring gasoline
as the world burned around them watch
the settlements are one piece of a
problem that the world has watched over
the last couple of days in vivid violent
troubling pictures as you left the that
region and talking to Palestinians and
the settlers did you come back any more
hopeful that there could be some version
of peace not perfect peace but some
version of the two living together
without
scenes like this I left said I look very
sad you have to have hope there's a
great saying of the Prophet Muhammad
today's the first day of Ramadan for
many people that even if you see the Day
of Judgment coming around the corner you
mentioned the apocalypse line plan to
seat
and there's also Jewish tradition that
says you know plant a tree and so we
have to have hope we can't give up but
at the same time you have to realize
that the settlement project regardless
of the people and their intentions
behind it why they move there is eating
away at any potential peace plan for
example for the viewers at home who have
no idea about what's happening imagine
Swiss cheese the holes in the Swiss
cheese are the settlements in the West
Bank so if you're Palestinian and you're
like listen I would love to have a
two-state solution
but if you are now expanding settlements
to the port there's 385 thousand people
in the West Bank how will there be peace
and also with the u.s. move
the embassy moved to Jerusalem contested
territory site of the future Palestinian
capital what you're telling me now is
there's no two-state solution but one of
the things that I found so admirable
about your piece which I found quite
powerful having spent a lot of time
there and know a lot of settlers myself
is the honesty of the Palestinian voices
that you included in the piece these are
people for whom tel-aviv is a settlement
- they're not just talking about Efrat
or a lounge food or you know all of the
different places that you visit in the
piece they're talking about Tel Aviv and
that is what's so powerful the quote
that the clip ended on is Jew should go
back to where they came from well where
the Jews going back to are they gonna go
back to Syria are they going to go back
to Iraq I mean that's that's the sort of
the tragic reality we have to deal with
which is that yes settlers which are an
exception in Israeli society have a
maximalist idea of what Israel what the
State of Israel should look like but
almost every Palestinian you quoted in
your piece has that idea as well I mean
and that is what was so tragic to me
about what was going on in Gaza
yesterday what what is the March called
the great march of return return to
where where where are these people
thinking that they're going back to
their bet being fed a live eye Hamas the
idea that they are going back to their
homes in Haifa and the more that we can
sort of get to a shared reality that of
course they're going to be two states
for two people and the more that Hamas
lies to its people and sends them on a
suicidal mission to the border dying for
photo-op is what happened earlier this
week and I think that that is just the
reality and that's that's tragic I want
to share one quick sorry well that's
that's one aspect of in reality I think
listen there's a power differential
you're trying to make it coolants where
there's no equivalence right here you
have an occupying power Israel and you
have people in Palestine their people
the people who died are human beings 61
people who died they're not propaganda
you what Raj Shah said from the White
House was one of the more more shameful
comments we've heard we also was
happening in Gaza you have two million
people in an open-air prison in the
most densely populated places on earth
even though even the way wait once I can
even though Ariel Sharon disengaged and
removed the settlements in 2005 we know
it's an open-air prison Israel controls
the airspace the land space the waters
there's a blockade you're seeing people
in a humanitarian crisis and they have
said it will be unlivable in a few years
so what do you expect 2 million people
in occupied territory to do and
overwhelming facts matter overwhelmingly
with the whole world saw you had a mass
demonstration of people and it was
mostly nonviolent me you know this very
so what we saw yesterday you can love a
country where you can call it out for
its sins if you love a country I do that
out and the disproportional response at
Israel did please who is keeping
Palestinians emitter ated living in
agony let me tell you a story I spent
all day Monday working with a young
writer in Gaza an extremely poor young
woman she wanted to write a piece about
why she doesn't support the protest and
why she feels that to be a woman in Gaza
is to be twice occupied to be occupied
by Israel and to be occupied by a
terrorist organization okay that Lynch's
people in the streets she had to pull
that piece because she showed it to
family members and friends and said if
you run this piece you were gonna be
viewed as a traitor to our people and
the best-case scenario is that you'll be
jailed but good we need to be talking
about the reality of life under Hamas
they have not been elections in 2006
right if you ask the Palestinian people
there's one thing that unites
Palestinians and Jewish settlers in the
West Bank asking about the Palestinian
Authority both hate them asking about
Hamas they hate them there haven't been
elections to 2006 so to make Hamas the
boogeyman of all Palestinians and make
punish the Palestine people for Hamas I
think is a sin in a facts but also what
is the solution moving forward though
because I mean whether whether Hamas is
the boogeyman or not and by the way they
continue talking about driving Israel
into the sea they can sit they continue
to refuse to recognize the existence of
Israel they did send people I believe up
to the border yesterday they were busted
to die but what Americans don't
understand and you actually touched
here's the fact that the Palestinian
Authority hates Hamas Hamas hates the
Palestinian Authority and actually the
Palestinian Authority has defunded Gaza
they're cutting off the Alerus and
they're cutting off its Palestinians
cutting off so so I guess the first of
all I don't know if the United States
can do anything now but what should
Israel do to stop this squabble deadly
squabble between the Palestinian
Authority and Hamas wash Israel I think
has a moral responsibility if Israel
Israel wants to be a moral beacon to the
world right where Jews return to their
promised land and the sea now we have
sovereignty we have redemption of the
land we could be a moral beacon to not
only the Middle East but also the
highest moral standard for everyone else
right what you have to do is end the
occupation there's an occupation that
has been ongoing people are suffering
two million people in Gaza you have
three million in West Bank you have two
different laws for do to do different
types of people what you saw in Hebron
that first clip if you go that's the
heart of darkness of the occupation it's
there in front of you so that's why some
people might say there's my dress I'd
say there's a president that wants to be
even-handed that would be nice who do
you talk to do you talk to the
Palestinian Authority that hates Hamas
or do you talk to Hamas who won't even
recognize Israel's right to existence
and believes they should be driven into
the sea 70 years later who should the
United States speak to you should they
should speak to Israel first and
foremost there's a special relationship
and you should listen to the Palestinian
people
I think facts which one again we I know
but listen to the people look that March
call it what you will would have what's
been happening since March 30th was a
mass demonstration by the will of the
people yes Hamas is trying to take care
for it I had said again not to be
difficult
yeah but you say talk to the people we
can't have you know 2 million
Palestinians come to the White House do
you talk to the Palestinian Authority do
you dare talk you can't talk to a mosque
because they're talking about you can't
I mean we're talking about the
destruction of Israel I mean you can
want me you want me to a bold move
diplomacy I believe in diplomacy so
Obama administration had the audacity to
talk to Iran right I believe the Iran
deal was a positive move they just blew
up and I think most people now are
saying oh that was a mistake
Donald Trump was to talk to North Korea
you guys saw it last week all of a
sudden North Korea walked away from it
if you can talk to Kim Jong I'm just
worried if you can talk to Kim Jong okay
with Hamas I get you I get I get a loss
at the very least I'm not defending
Hamas when most people watch it so you
can talk to them got it you can knock
knock on door let's go to the next right
how can you talk to a mosque if the
Palestinian Authority doesn't even talk
to a mosque how do you pressure the
Palestinian Authority to start sending
money back to Gaza Jo like this has to
be I understand my wait by the way I
will say I have always been accused of
being far too pro-israel nica's father
we could he called me stunningly
superficial because of my views on the
Middle East that said I understand that
ultimately there is no peace process
without Hamas in the middle of it
that's why Arafat walked away from Oslo
in 2000 because he knew he accepted it
Hamas would assassinate them so doesn't
Hamas have a responsibility to say okay
everything's on the table including the
recognition of Israel let's put that on
the table they exist for genocide Allah
says that is in their charter I say
because Barry at the end of the day is
bad as Hamas says the Islamic extremists
that replace Hamas who am I said at the
end of the day is a secular organization
interested in power at the end of the
day we can deal with Hamas far more than
we could deal with al-qaeda or Isis
there a pact would be very happy for the
with the last two minutes I'm not come
on come on I'm not in let's talk about
human rights let's talk about
international law we're talking about
resolution of the copy's I don't need
that's all right don't even understand
what you just said of human rights
I'm we're talking about a solutions you
have an occupation Joe you have an
occupation that is suffocating people
Israel is an ally Israel says it's a
democracy all I'm saying
what I saw from my article going there
in West Bank if you redeemed the land if
you take it from the sea to the river in
this case at 1967 borders 1960 people
recognize the nation-state of Israel if
you take it if you take the occupied
territories if you keep building
settlements
there's no two-state solution so
Palestinians will be suffocated Thank
You Barry you haven't talked in a couple
minutes guess what the idea that I'm a
shill for AIPAC is a nod to that I said
the talking points sounded like a PAC
would have proved it and you guys have
to be come on no no you come on
it's a cheap point and I'm here to talk
to you in in a real way so I resent that
I resent that Barry I do me a favor talk
to me I was sorry that you didn't her up
Tim let me talk to you sorry if we're
not gonna deal with Hamas when we're
talking to Kim Jong hoon if we're not
gonna deal with Hamas when we're dealing
with Israel if we're not going to talk
to Hamas when any leader of the
Palestinian Authority understands if
they make a deal separative with Hamas
like air fights fear in 2000 they'll be
assassinated how can their ultimate ly
be a people right now who's in the West
Bank is building up civil society
building up people and organizations and
they exist and I'm going back to the
West Bank to meet with some of these
people in October that can build a civil
society so that when Israel does pull
out of those settlements which I believe
that it should I am deeply against the
occupation then Hamas won't take over we
need to prevent a situation like has
happened in Gaza on the West Bank
how many Israelis are against the
occupation I don't know what the numbers
are right now but there's a good number
right don't build settlements yes that's
one thing we can agree on here's here's
the difference most Israelis would it
trade land for peace in a second the
idea that these people think that land
is more important than blood is really
upsetting and that goes on both sides we
have there we need to continue this this
is a powerful country you guys come back
for like three hours yes
amazing it's in the Atlantic's June
issue and its accompanying documentary
at the Atlantic calm thank you for the
fantastic work Thank You Barry Weiss
thank you as well still ahead North
Korea threatens to cancel its summit
with President Trump over demands to
abandon its nuclear program we have the
new developments on that morning Joe is
coming right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
