we are joined by phone now by Andrea
Mitchell NBC News chief foreign affairs
correspondent Andrea your reaction to
these developments tonight well I think
that they were really predictable some
people including myself were skeptical
at first that the president should not
have leapt at the chance for this summit
when it was first presented by South
Korea before it was even briefed to him
and examined by US intelligence and US
diplomatic officials as to how real the
kim jeong-hoon offer was but president
moon wanted it as well from South Korea
so there's a lot of pressure and clearly
President believes very strongly that
his legacy could be involved in this
that this is really not only a political
can strike but something that will
cement him as an historic figure in
history you saw the other day at the
Cabinet Room when he was asked about
whether he thought he you know would
deserve a Nobel Peace Prize and he said
well a lot of people are saying that
smiling broadly I was there at Andrews
Air Force Base overnight when he brought
back the prisoners and brought them in
an unusual gesture brought them to the
cameras usually prisoners who were just
back or put into the medical process are
not displayed publicly in the past I
haven't been but he is obviously in his
Elkhart Indiana speech also on it the
next night on Thursday night with the
vice president campaigning on this and
certainly looking to North Korea as a
transformative experience which it
certainly would be but it was always a
little suspect that Kim jong-un would
want this so much that he would be
willing to give up his nuclear weapons
history certainly would not dictate that
his father and grandfather wouldn't have
and it was always surprising that he
would be this eager for it now the
question is going to be who is more
eager for this summit to take place is
he calling
Donald Trump's bluff I don't see any
chance that they would back off of the
military exercises because the very
first thing he was told back in March
when the South Koreans came to the White
House
was in fact that the North Koreans knew
that these exercises were planned were
scheduled that he was willing to stop
testing and was argued that perhaps he
had already tested enough and didn't
need to test more that he was going to
have this respite in testing but as I
said full well that the US and the South
Koreans would be having their routine
spring scheduled joint training
exercises which are defensive in posture
and determined you know or plan for
readiness military readiness now he
initially retreated on that and now they
seem to be raising mistakes further and
saying he will not ever agree to
denuclearize
Andreea of course North Korea knew these
exercises were going to take place and
and even with that knowledge as you say
they were certainly allowing
expectations to build they were doing
nothing to counter the increasing
expectations of something productive
coming from the negotiations even to the
point within the last 24 hours of their
being news reports of North Korea
actually taking steps to destroy some of
its facilities that would be used in the
development of nuclear weapons to go
from that to what North Korea has to
know our set of positions that seem to
make it now impossible to have a summit
to do that within 24 hours is is is
apparently North Korea returning to the
unpredictable kind of behavior that we
had gotten used to up until the last
couple of weeks and it's very clear that
we don't know them as well as in the
last couple of months we've claimed to
know them and their plans and their
desires a lot has been written about how
the economy is in such failed state that
they really do they came John unlike his
father and grandfather really wanted to
reintegrate north and south and become
part of the world and during the world
for the first time you know in in almost
70 years so the fact of them having been
so desirous of the summit was always
quite surprising Lawrence and I don't
know if this is another ploy and if
we'll end up in Singapore in the summit
on June 12 as everyone thought we would
but it always just seemed too remarkable
that this leader about whom you know for
whom survival is everything would follow
the lead of Qaddafi and give up his
nuclear weapons or his nuclear plans he
didn't have weapons but he had
centrifuges and was able to enrich and
gave everything up and we know what
happened to him or said I'm Hussein I
did not have a nuclear program at the
time of the invasion as we now know but
ended up in the state with the same fate
so it's it's very unlikely that he will
ever agree to fully do nuclear eyes most
people figured that the status quo and
containment and verification would be
the best that one could hope for this
could be a retreat to what we would have
presumed from Kim Jong on another
question is how much is Donald Trump
willing to do is he willing to go to
Singapore and negotiate knowing that at
least right now North Korea is not
willing to give up his weapon so that
he's going to have to if he does get
some kind of an agreement or some future
negotiations settle for something that
is similar to the agreements that his
predecessors have accepted which we all
know did not work hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
