right now it's four weeks exactly before
the fall midterm election and that's
what the Democrats are headed for 30 to
40 seats politico's latest race ratings
suggest the Republican majority in the
house is crumbling now noting a total of
68 seats currently held by Republicans
are firmly in play rated as lean
Republican are worse for the GOP there
are now 209 seats either firmly or
leaning in the Democratic column just
nine shy of the 218 that party needs to
rest away control of the chamber well
president Trump and Republican leaders
have dragged the nomination battle over
justice Brett Cara has revved up their
voters here's President Trump at the
White House today trying to make that
point how do you keep your base
energized now that you had the big
Cavanagh victory I would say that just
by winning I can tell you the energy of
the Republican side I don't think it's
ever been greater but when it comes to
which party voters want to take control
of the house this fall I knew new CNN
poll found it's Democrats who hold the
advantage with a 13 point lead among
likely voters and that poll was taken
last week during the height of the
Supreme Court showdown that inflamed
passions and protests among some of the
Democratic party faithful they've now
got four weeks to propel or translate
that anger into energy and head to the
polls and they've got some of the
biggest names in the Democratic Party
cheering the voters on let's watch this
is not a time to curl up it is not a
time to shut up it is not a time to give
up it's a time to get up to rise up to
speak up it's time for you not to wait
for hope but to be the hope that the
bottom line is that they may have the
power right now but we need to take it
back
the only way we are going to do that is
when we get everyone out to vote those
Republicans then they got a lot going
their leg oh you bet they did but I'm
gonna tell you this I'll rather be yes
than them I'll tell you why they may
have the money they may have the power
right now but there's a whole lot more
of us than there is I'm joined now by
Dunn Edwards former Democratic
congressman from Maryland
Jonathan Lemire White House reporter for
The Associated Press and former
Republican congressman David Joey from
Florida let me go to really get the
information on the voting first of all
before we get the point of view let me
go through a Jonathan Lemire on this I'm
looking at all these numbers Jonathan
I've been thinking for a long time 30 to
40 seats it's going to happen your
thoughts what's the analysis well it's a
good time to revive your prediction
Chris no question and I think there's a
multitude of people close to the White
House who share in there your view and
they're worried by it they're people
that as much as the president is bullish
and publicly you saw it again today he
is going to say time and time again that
he believes in the energy that's on the
Republican side and there's no question
that there has been some increase in
enthusiasm because of the Cavanaugh
fight we have seen it particularly in
the Senate side some improvements in the
polls there the but will that remain now
the Cavanaugh's in it be one thing if
Cavanaugh had but denied his seat on the
bench
yeah and that Republicans could have had
an anger towards it believed that their
man was treated unfairly and that that
would fuel them going into November
where traditionally Republicans do
better you know have better turn
operations in midterm elections
Democrats begin with but now that he's
on there will that energy last or will
it dissipate that remains to be seen but
certainly those close to the president
Republicans high place Republicans on
Capitol Hill feel pretty confident about
the Senate but the house yes they're
concerned they feel it could slip away
that they think it could be potentially
a gain of seats Democrats like you've
outlined and if that happens what does
that mean it means that there were
Democrats guess they could think about
impeachment but really what it means is
that control a body of Congress they
have the power of the subpoena and they
could haul up Trump official after Trump
official up to the hill swear man and
person to proceed to run investigations
not just on Russia but on corruption
issues or in the moments and utterly
bogged down the Trump administration's
agenda and provide that image night
after night of Republicans close to the
White House being forced to testify and
that is something that people close to
the president are very concerned about
Don I was watching yesterday and trying
to imagine what most passionate
Democrats are feeling watching that
power festivity yesterday at the White
House where they just showed off their
power they trooped in all the Supreme
Court people they trooped in all these
Republicans just so they could have a
ceremony they already made the guy chief
justice they just wanted to show it off
he did and it was like a campaign rally
actually it was pretty disgusting show
and I think that what's happening is
that every time President Trump does
that kind of thing when he goes out in
those rallies it actually inspires
Democrats and so I see that enthusiasm
you know we were sitting here four
months ago and you demanded that I give
you an answer about how many seats were
gonna be won and I said thirty-five Dave
let me ask you about this because
Republicans are in the power Democrats
are in the argument sometimes in values
I could say but the sheer power that we
saw on display yesterday is something
Republicans love they love the executive
they love the Supreme Court they don't
like to be control of Congress but they
really like is owning it you know what I
mean and you're in that party you know
what they like it's for it's an endline
we own it Chris and I think they're
gonna overplay their hand Donald Trump's
gonna overplay his hand and and this is
what I mean by that follow me on this
the spike in GOP enthusiasm means this
if you love the Republican Party you
love the Republican Party more but it
does not mean that more people today
love the Republican Party after Kavanagh
what Republicans are ignoring is this
complete erosion of Independence and the
enthusiasm spike among Democrats that's
why we're seeing numbers in the house
that suggest that we should see a change
of party or change of control like we
saw in 94 possibly o-6 2010 we're
looking at a historic night Democrats
have been working for two years towards
this November six moment yes I don't
believe they're gonna let it slip away
well let me talk to that let me talk to
Jonathan about that
everybody here it seems to me you have
an accumulation of passion on the
Democratic side you got this latest
whiff of it over how badly treated bread
was or whatever or how Lindsay was all
upset but on the Democratic side on the
progressive side you had the meat tube
movement which has been going on for a
while around politics you have the fact
that a lot of Democrats are furious that
they lost the 2016 election and maybe
they had questions about Hillary but
they damn well didn't want Trump and
they've been marching France today after
they know the day after the election
back in 16 then you had two years of
Trump which is enough to drive most of
the progressives crazy and then you got
a whole this thing the way they treated
Doug a doctor Blasi Ford so you have a
whole accumulation of reasons to get out
and vote where's all the Republicans
have I think is the sugar high of health
said they felt with Lindsey and and and
bred Kabataan how weak they looked your
thoughts you know you're right there's
an extraordinary array of reasons why
Democrats are energized and you hit it
we start the day after the inauguration
is when the women's March took over the
streets in countless American cities
hundreds of thousands of women and it
would men alongside your protesting the
Trump inauguration and we saw it again a
week later when they protested the first
travel ban and it hasn't really lit up
there has not necessarily been a
demonstration every day or a
demonstration every weekend or a March
but rather that energy is still there
we're seeing it in terms of the number
of candidates running for office
particularly women candidates who a lot
of Democrats feel very bullish about
electing a number of record-setting
perhaps number of women to the House
this fall
and we're seeing it you know time again
the Trump is such an ever-present part
of our lives he's an obvious foil for
these Democrats for the Liberals he
gives them something to run against it's
a little harder for Republicans yes
Kavanagh does give them a boost as I
said it remains to be seen how long it
will last but for so many Republicans
the Trump administration has been you
know perhaps a mixed bag yes you now
have two Supreme Court justices but you
have day after day of drama you have
what happened in Helsinki you have what
happened with the children being
separated from their parents at the
border you have the ongoing Russia pro
but even those who are perhaps
sympathetic to the president feel like
this is not necessarily what our party
wanted and they
may not be willing to turn out for his
for people this November or conversely
that diehard Trump stirs may wait to
2020 when they see the president's name
on the ballot again and they may not
come out this November you know Don I
just want to ask you about women because
you're here and I keep thinking well
stormy Davis whatever you think of her
she was bought out for 165 thousand
dollars and Susan mcdougal was put up
for $150,000 for their sounds and then
you had the woman doctor reply supported
not to be too crude but in fact this she
said she's had somebody's hand over her
mouth so she couldn't call for help and
that person she said was Brett Kavanaugh
and there's never really been really a
good argument that that wasn't Brett
Kavanaugh she was the witness nobody's
denying it okay except him because he
says he can't remember it it seems to me
that would be a pretty strong primordial
argument for a scream this November I
mean it's time to say something when
you've been gagged basically well and I
think that that's what women are feeling
across the country and if you take a
look at some of the districts that are
really in play in the house they are
places that you wouldn't have thought of
in Kansas in Iowa in Nebraska in Texas
and these are all a lot of suburban
district where those college-educated
white women voters are going to show up
and they're gonna show up and they're
gonna vote for Democrats because they're
tired of this mess
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
