the truth you can't handle the truth
President Trump can't really handle the
truth very often but enter two major
truth tellers Dave Chappelle and John
Stuart obviously comedic legends
launching their own comedy tour Stuart
came out of his retirement briefly in
2016 it's Donald Trump commercial with
the grimace same guy the guy who filed
for bankruptcy in 1991 and 92 and 2004
and 2009 yes
meanwhile Chappelle famously invokes his
own wealth to argue that some troubles
were confused listen to him say naive
poor white people things man Donald
Trump's gonna go to Washington and he's
gonna fight for us
you are poor
he's fighting for me Chappelle's
critique of Donald Trump in tights not
only the man but really the rest of us
who can fall into his attention-seeking
web of trolling here Chapelle was the
weekend after Trump's November upset
America has done it we've actually we've
actually elected an internet troll of
our president a cliff hanger surrounded
by military people you'll find out who
will Trump gives humanity the rose but
it's not just the T word remember of
course John Stewart took on both parties
here in the United States we have our
own powerless legislatures they're
called Democrats basically the Democrats
seem like the kind of people who switch
to Geico and lose bunny and Chappell was
part of the SNL skit that roasted both
trumpism and entitlement in certain
parts of our country but I guess there's
like a nightmare scenario where he wins
the popular vote really that's a
nightmare scenario huh oh my god I think
America is racist
Oh
you know I remember my great-grandfather
told me something like that like the
slave
do you even know what it's like to be a
woman in this country where you can't
get ahead no matter what you do see my
finger can't boil on it I'll get back to
you well he's been thinking and it looks
like Dave Chappelle is about to get back
to all of us we can't wait
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
