when his short tenure as White House
communications director last year
Anthony scaramouche II lashed out at the
abundance of leaks asked how he would
stop them scaramouche he said I'm gonna
fire everybody that's how I'm going to
do it you're neither gonna stop leaking
or you're gonna get fired if these
Carlucci joins me right here along with
Jason Johnson politics that are at the
root common and MSNBC contributor and
Susan page of course Washington bureau
chief for USA Today I don't know if it's
much ado about nothing but it's growing
into something and what is this thing
about not apologizing for a lame or
awful bit of gallows humor I guess it
was I don't what else you'd call it I
think the whole thing is a real shame
actually because the president's got a
great agenda by and large the country's
doing well his approval ratings are up
it looks like he's could still
potentially get a deal with the North
Koreans
but this Internet's inviting that's
going on on the White House is a very
big distraction and frankly I've had
that day apologize it would have been a
24-hour cycle we're now going into a 96
hour cycle and it's a cloud over the
administration because people are asking
a question what's wrong with the culture
if you said something that you didn't
mean or you said something you wish you
could take back why are you not
apologizing and so listen you know
they'll have to answer that I mean if
that's going to be part of the culture
going forward that what we use as a
strategy by the Democrats of in the
midterm election well in any big
organization everybody guess whatever
you're encouraged everybody Ta'ala below
how to handle these cases we kind of
know courage Minh as Kelly said they're
getting from the top my opinion yeah
what's what she get what she be
encouraged to do not do anything or do I
don't know but you know I'm gonna defend
Kelly because I know her well she's very
loyal to the president she's definitely
not a leaker she would have been one of
the people had I had eleven more days I
would have definitely kept her okay yeah
but the reason why I said I would fire
everybody is that that's what you do
when you come into a corporation and you
can't get the culture right you were
merging the RNC with the always Trump
errs okay there was a lot of friction
there and so what you have to do is it
here's what the culture is gonna be
going forward if you guys don't like it
you gotta leave yeah but the culture
said it that at the top and if you look
at the president's own behavior the only
thing I can remember him ever saying he
was sorry about her apologize for was
Access Hollywood tape he did a video
that said it did that express some
regret but other than
and I can't remember another time when
he has said he misspoke or he sorry
about what he said I think it's a
problem for all presidents though you
know Barack Obama had a hard time what
did you do wrong couldn't find anything
george w bush they asked him what did
you do wrong jamaica any mistakes
couldn't find anything I think the
problem for the president is if he
starts apologizing it leaves an opening
for people that they drive Mac trucks
through and the last three presidents
did the same thing Susan so so I but I
think at a staff level I think it's
appropriate and ok to apologize but I
think it's terrible that it got leaked
though I mean if she said gallows humor
or fell on deaf ear somebody's running
out of the White House on their cell
phone and making an anonymous call part
of the issue here probably the issue
here and this is what I've always had a
problem with this administration it's
like get it say it to my face look look
if Trump wants to be the guy who's gonna
call people names and if he's gonna
encourage other people to do it then
just stand by it what I find
particularly egregious is that you have
people who make these kinds of
statements and then they want to run and
hide he wants to talk about Obama then
he supplicant when he's next him let's
talk about Penna Nieto in Mexico he's
supplicant when he's against it if you
don't like John McCain and if you think
he's weak then stand by it don't act
like a bunch of weasels which is what
this White House always does when they
insult somebody well listen you know
they're selling front stabbing t-shirts
on Amazon okay I have no problem telling
people how I think in our you know and I
disagree with you respectfully as it
relates to the president the president's
pretty outspoken about how he feels
about people and so and not to their
face well I think he is hi Ben he wasn't
any debates let's talk about somebody
else did say its
Reagan I look at this vice president
pence publicly extol his boss's
leadership but behind the scenes it
seems to be a very different picture
according to the New York Times vice
president pence and his staff are quote
unsettling a group of mr. Trump's fierce
loyalists who fear they are forging a
separate power base most brazenly Marty
Hobbs the senior pence advisor told a
Republican donor the mr. pence wanted to
be prepared for the next presidential
race in case there's an opening and
today Politico reported Trump may be
wise defenses ration Asians match the
nations with the vice-president taking a
higher profile on the campaign trail the
president stepped in to assert his
dominance
is this a little early for friends to be
making his move your you're a hot guest
here buddy you know the mood stay good I
can answer these questions I think I
don't I don't think the vice-president's
like that at all I think the vice
president's been incredibly loyal
I think his staff has been proud to be
loyal I know Marty if Marty said dad
again I think that's a slip-up I don't
think that's the true intentions of the
vice president you know you got an
actions speak louder than words I think
we all know that the vice president has
been nothing but super loyal to the
administration super loyal to the
president and his family and I have an
enormous amount of respect for who do
you make a great president what do you
make a great president in 2024 and 2028
I think he would be an unbelievable
president yeah but I don't think in 2020
and the president's running for
president he's gonna win reelection by a
landslide if the momentum stays where it
is and and so and I think the Vice
President will be vice president for
eight years
and I think it's a little much to do
there's no sensitivity of the part of
the president about this upset about
this say that there might be a
sensitivity but I think some of that is
manufactured by whom some of it's
manufactured by those staffers or those
quote-unquote loyalists some of that's
manufactured by the media but I don't
think it's true to the intentions of the
Vice melih trimmer out there I think
there's an orbiter what a trimmer is I
don't live in this town a person man or
woman who acts like they're loyal to you
when you're with them but when they're
not with them there's sort of not quite
your biggest boost that's stuff going on
in this town you know I missed us why
the American people don't like this now
that the fact that you just had to
explain what a tremor is to the American
people they're like oh the reason why
there's a people that they send here are
the people that run the country they
don't come from Washington DC these
people well maybe we'll run this country
are elected to come here let me tell you
they're by and large quite dissatisfied
okay but it's very hard to find good
candidates because of all the
restrictions that they're put on look
what I had to do to serve the president
it didn't go through but I had to go put
up a two hundred and fifty million
dollar company for sale yeah in order to
serve the president you know back of
course I got a bad but good for you how
did you like your 11 days hey listen it
was 954 thousand seconds Kirsten Jim
Nelson and that place every time he was
so a red-hot at her in the public
meeting where everybody watched it that
that she was thinking acquit right on
the spot why is he so hot about somebody
because he heard that they might be a I
said this is Everett Trumper I said when
I was in the White House he was sorted
attorney General Sessions and I said
this publicly and I'll say it here you
have to have a tough skin to work with
the president okay and you got to be
able to take the presidents he's a
hard-charging guy he wants to fill every
pothole he wants to build every building
creative golf course and execute the
stuff I'm so sick and tired of people in
this administration grumble bragging oh
my god it was so difficult oh I almost
quit none of these people are leaving
they're not leaving Kristin's not
leaving sessions isn't leaving because
they're doing what they want to do and
they're doing what they always want to
do they want to do this virtue signal
and garbage where they're fighting the
good fight against this administration
when there just doesn't live with
anything the Trump is doing
he went after because he goes after
everybody not going to job trimmer we
have Grunk everybody hell's with a
grumble brag everybody we could go off
14th Street people know what a gumbo bag
is I want to write this stuff down
because I need this stuff anyways mnship
president Trump hasn't shied away from
publicly rebuking his aides and even cab
that members last week as I said the New
York Times reported that Kirsten Nelson
the Homeland Security Secretary there he
is told college she was close to
resigning after President Trump berated
her on Wednesday in front of the entire
cabinet for what he said was their
failure to adequately secure the
nation's borders and according to
Politico President Donald Trump's
frustration with Kirsten Nelson has been
growing for weeks stoked by associates
who have privately made the case that
she's a closeted or closeted never Trump
er who still doesn't fully back as a
Jenna let me go to something that I
found in your usual and I think
anybody's ever worked in a White House
or the Senate officer congresso office
finds this bizarre people who work for
senators in either party man or woman
whatever background ethnic group
whatever are loyal to them that's why
they're there they don't rat out stuff
about the guy they don't rat out stuff
about each other
they don't say somebody said a bad word
the day they just don't it never
happened with that bright house I worked
in I don't think it ever happened the
Kennedy White House at the W want us why
in this West is everybody got a ship out
for somebody else and goes right to the
press with as you said to me because
there was a split in the party about the
President and there was a large group of
people that signed a petition that they
would effectively net B never Trump errs
and so when he won that group of people
still liked and loves power and they
shifted back and they started putting
their resumes into the transition team
and Reince Priebus started hiring to the
president okay but but in this town for
some reason because the president is a
disrupter it's sort of cool it has some
cachet in these Georgetown salons I just
learned about grumble beragon you taught
me that too it's the bottom line this
guy is a disrupter this guy means
business anyway to talk to the Times the
poster because there is a lawyer'
lawyer' lower level of loyalty with this
with this white US and there's been with
previous Wednesday that in the turnover
in the White House including your own
that does not build a sense that we're a
team we're together we're going to
defend each other believe me there's a
lot of people that are super loyal to
the president myself included his White
House staff traders vista traders these
ever I've never heard that I think he's
upset I mean they shouldn't be leaking
this captain queeg stuff they are
worried because they see their and wrong
what those people are doing it's wrong
why they very wrong why don't you fire
just whisper do you know they aren't why
don't you really listen if I had a
little bit more time I would have fired
a few more people and then the rest of
the people would have fell in line or
they would have not followed it this
Huckabee said does she know they are
Mercedes slap no they are probably knows
who they are and by the way Sarah's got
the toughest job in wash I know not the
world we don't knock her here she's an
amazing person I don't get
so you think this price is gonna get
reelected mixdown is resoundingly
reelected the democratically carry the
popular vote next time he'll carry the
popular vote he's a sitting president in
a rising economy what do you pick up
States let's go all the way with this
Minnesota
he's Chloe was close to Minnesota he
could probably win Minnesota he he won't
win New York you won't win California
but I got a look at the map Chris I
don't know I haven't seen the map in
North Carolina be a pickup possibility
we'll see he's gonna get reelected
that's that's always been a given but
but here's the thing the reason people
week is because they think troubles come
in right that's when you rather doubt
your brother or your sister because it's
like looking when mom gets home we're
gonna get busted I need to get my story
out there now that's what everybody here
you miss now from here brothers just my
family probably like what are you
reading how about four she's a straight
reporter and she lives on this is
tradecraft
you got to get people to talk and every
time I say to a stray reporter who
covers the White House is it getting
tougher is the heat on they laugh at me
the heats never won yeah and the old
days you didn't have phones by the way
the old days had to go over the exchange
across the street on 17th Street and
have lunch with Bob Novak no now you
just go to the bathroom hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
