welcome back should replace bets and how
fast we're gonna be able to place bets
on sports now pretty soon you won't have
to go to Vegas anymore if you want to
legally bet on the Super Bowl or the
World Series or perhaps the NBA Finals
this year the Supreme Court yesterday
struck down a federal law that
essentially required States to ban
sports gambling the ruling means states
can legalize it and take advantage
perhaps of what could be some big-time
tax revenues that could come with it in
fact eight already have laws or likely
will soon that'll legalize this and a
dozen more might consider new laws of
their own folks this is gonna shake up
state politics and state budgets not to
mention the way we actually watch sports
not to be too cute here or cliche
written but it's clearly a game changer
joining me now is a governor of one of
those states that's ready to move
Democratic governor Dan Malloy of
Connecticut who said he's now prepared
to call his state's general assembly
into special session to consider
legalizing sports gaming and he joins me
now governor welcome to the show great
to be with you so why is this special
session worthy governor well for a
couple of reasons I I would have done
this back in 2013 when I first raised
the issue when other states passed the
law to be ready in the case that the
Supreme Court ruled in the way that they
almost had to rule you you can't allow
sports betting in four states and
particularly in Nevada and then say no
other state can do it it didn't make any
sense
on the other hand there was not a
willingness and the legislature to take
the issue up in 2013 and and we get to
this point the legislature has tried
twice in the last two sessions but
without a clear decision they weren't
ready to do it now we have a clear
decision and we can watch money
Connecticut dollars go to other states
and be invested in other people's
incomes in those states or we can ask
that it be that had happened in our own
state the same thing would would stand
true of online betting as well other
states have online betting one of our
neighboring states not too far away New
Jersey has already garnered 126 million
dollars in income from online betting
there's no doubt in my mind that some
number of people in Connecticut are
participating in that why should we not
make it available in our own state
before I figure out what you
use the revenue for in specifically I'm
curious if you would like the federal
government to leave you states alone to
do this on your own or would you like to
see a federal regulation structure of
some sort so that we don't have 50
different laws on where and how you bet
on sports no I think it should be left
up to the states I think that there are
people who are arguing it should be done
on a federal level they tend to be the
leagues that that sponsor many of the
games that bets will be placed on
they're looking for a percentage of that
of that revenue quite frankly I think
that's appropriately a state revenue not
not a league revenue they make lots of
money as it is quite frankly and I'm not
sure we should have a federal law that
then gives them a percentage of that
particularly since the new also in the
states that had it let me go - then
let's go to what you do have control
over are you gonna sign a bill that
might give 1% of Connecticut's revenue
of pro sports gambling to the leagues
that participate I would not advocate
that on the other hand if a majority of
states or our large number of states
were prepared to move in that direction
in tandem based on discussions on a
state to state basis I wouldn't rule it
out
the idea that one state should step
forward and do that and no other states
have it doesn't make a whole lot of
sense and the idea that you're going to
use the federal government to impose
that doesn't make any sense either
alright give me a rough estimate of how
much annual income you would like to see
from this but let's can I just say one
other thing and then I'll give you my
best guess we have lottery that's a form
of gaming we have scratch off we we have
lotto this is not new what was what was
ruled by the Supreme Court is the
federal government can't grant this
right to some states and not grant it to
all states that's that course that's the
basis and so you know I think there's a
fair amount of money that could be
raised as I'll point out if you do a
combination of sports betting and online
betting we're talking about tens of
millions of dollars in state income on
an annual basis and perhaps
substantially higher now here's what
happened in the lotto frenzies of the
80s and 90s
every politician would come on promising
new revenue new money say to a member
with lotteries the way everybody every
lobbyist sold it was that the money was
going directly to the schools it was
only gonna benefit education but here
was the problem it turned out to be
replacement money not additional money
if you get my drift
meaning yeah it became budgeted and then
and then it was of no added value for
the state taxpayer which is how he was
presented I'm not sure you can say that
completely because in the in the ups and
downs of state economies you might have
seen further cuts in those systems but
but I get the argument that argument was
made and Connecticut in 1982 where
they're about when the lottery is
brought on board again you know cannae
government is big it sends a lot of
money to local governments for education
it provides a lot of services that pays
the road and gets the snow off and as
well it is one big organization and I
understand that it's a political
argument to say we're only gonna use
this money for this purpose I'm quite
frankly I'm arguing that about
transportation dollars that come in gas
revenues and the like where where I'm
the first governor to stop siphoning off
that money into the general fund and I
proposed a constitutional amendment that
says only that money can be used for
that purpose so I get the argument but
but on the other hand it's a little more
complicated than that government is a
big unwieldy thing and spend and sends
money lots of different places so very
quickly then the money you don't want an
earmark for a specific thing you whether
it's for teacher salaries or things like
that you view it as keep it to the
general fund don't put yourself in that
trap well we're gonna do anything pay
down our debt I mean you know we we like
many states have unfunded obligations
that were allowed to accumulate over
many decades a lot of that having to do
with guarantees to employees you know
I've been enough seven and a half years
struggle to turn that around if we're
gonna spend it in anyway why don't we
spend it that way in fact one of the
ideas quite frankly that we're toying
around with is monetizing our lottery
for the benefit of our state employees
and our teacher employees retirement
plans an interesting way of doing it
govern
Danelle Malloy thanks for coming on
sharing your views much appreciate it
thank you hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
