welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with
integrity or what appears to be a lack
of it inside many parts of the Trump
administration the latest story raising
eyebrows Sunday's tweet by President
Trump helping the Chinese phone company
ZTE because too many jobs are being lost
in China followed by the news that China
is contributing 500 million dollars to a
Trump linked project in Indonesia
coincidence maybe but it would be easier
to dismiss as a coincidence if there
weren't a plague of stories with this
same stench if not proof of at a minimum
an ethics in violation or maximum
scandal involving mr. Trump using the
office of the presidency to enrich his
family personally it'd be easier to
dismiss if there weren't a plague of
stories about EPA chief Scott Pruett
spending government money for personal
comfort and cozying up to lobbyists with
business before his agency you know it
would be easier to dismiss this if there
weren't stories about the president's
son-in-law have an update his federal
disclosure forms 40 times wore his HUD
secretary ordering a $31,000 dining room
set apparently by accident
ORS interior and former Health and Human
Services Secretary's both having to be
investigated for taxpayer-funded
boondoggles when it comes to the use of
private jets so why haven't we heard
about any any of these stories why
haven't they blossomed into full-time
scandals maybe it's Congress with
Republicans in charge of House
committees maybe they don't want to
investigate instead of hearings we get
congressional crickets maybe there's
just too many of them all at once
we're just drowning in them maybe the
problem is we've gone from too big to
fail too too much to read maybe we've
been so focused properly I might add on
the Russia scandal that we just don't
have the bandwidth for outrages that
don't meet the treason criteria because
none of these do meet a treason
threshold the way Russia does yes maybe
it's just like mr. burns from The
Simpsons who had so many diseases all at
once that none of them could do him any
harm
here's the door to your body you see and
these are oversized novelty germs
that's influenza that's bronchitis and
this cute little cuttlebug is pancreatic
cancer here's what happens when they all
try to get through the door at once we
call it Three Stooges syndrome
yes The Simpsons and The Three Stooges
are always fun but a lot has been swept
under the rug while we've been looking
at Russia again properly so but let's
face it that rug is starting again a
little lumpy hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meet the press content
every morning in the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mind set right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
