now media reports in North and South
Korea are saying the high-level talks
between the North and South scheduled
for tomorrow have been abruptly canceled
the reports come weeks ahead of schedule
talks between President Trump and North
Korea's leader Kim jong-un set for
Singapore on June 12th NBC News Pentagon
correspondent Hans Nichols has the
latest on that Hans what does this mean
well it means potentially we don't know
this with least the talks today
Wednesday in South South Korea North
Korea have been cancelled we don't know
what this means for the June 12 talks
between Kim jong-un and president Trump
we do know from the rhetoric coming out
of North Korea this marks a dramatic
shift now the State Department is
briefing right now and they're saying we
have no information on this that they
need to verify it but they're also
repeating this idea that these exercises
have been long planned and kaycee it was
always the plan that the US would
continue their spring exercises every
spring they go through a series of
exercises broadly called full Eagle the
exercise that's taking place right now
is called max Thunder it's basically an
Air Force exercise a lot of hardware is
up in the air the assumption really from
the Olympics onward was that the US
would be able to continue with those
exercises in part because it has to do
with the strength of the alliance
between South Korea and the u.s. they'd
be able to continue and that Kim Jong
moon would not object to that we've had
in the last hour is a very firm
objection from the state news agency in
North Korea saying that they think these
drills are provocative they're changing
their behavior on this and they're
saying that this is going to cause them
to cancel today's summit this I have to
say is a significant development it's
not a very optimistic one given all the
positive momentum that has been taking
place towards this summit on June the
12th and Singapore between president
Trump and Kim jong-un but because he
just reiterate we don't know if there's
been no indication other than sort of
reading the tea leaves that this means
in the summit between Trump and Kim
jong-un will be canceled Casey
Hans just to kind of cut through this is
the sense that the North Koreans are
moving the goal posts here or that the
u.s. is doing something unexpected no
it's the sense that the North Koreans
are going back to sort of their previous
posture and that is that they wouldn't
even talk with either side if military
exercises were going on so the Pentagon
here seems to be quite surprised by this
it also seems to be the case at the
State Department they're just learning
about this now from media reports this
is talking to a couple officials here
just running into a room and they said
look interoperability is the key to
these these exercises and that they're
defensive and nature's and a lot of ways
well you're probably going to hear from
the Pentagon in the next two three hours
maybe 24 hours is a lot of the
statements that we can heard to three
months ago that these are just exercises
they take place they're not meant to be
threatening they're not meant to be
provocative they thought here the
Pentagon the president at the State
Department that they had a green light
to continue with those exercises now all
of a sudden Kim jong-un at least the
state media agency is saying no those
are provocative KC hmm Hans Nichols with
the Pentagon thanks very much keep us
posted if anything else pops up hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
