Bobby to Americans who say that looks
like a terrible scene but it's not my
scene it's not my problem and last night
I was with a number of people who were
thrilled with the president's move and
they said things like lots of
administration's had said they wanted to
move the the US Embassy but only
president Trump had the guts to do it
and it seems as though a lot of people
are saying we don't need to be in charge
of peace in the Middle East why should
we care what's the answer to that well
there's several parts for the question
one is you're right several
administration's have spoken about
moving me the embassy this is the one
that has gone and done it even if we
argue that that's the right thing to do
the timing is terrible the way it was
done is terrible the messaging to the
Palestinians was terrible they were
essentially given a quid pro quo they
were not told this is part of this
process today the embassy for the
Israelis tomorrow the Palestinians get
this the day after there's no road map
to use and oft sort of overused term in
that part of also that's the the
messaging the politics of this was and
the timing was awful why should the
United States care ok things that happen
in the Middle East have a tendency to
come back and bite us in the behind
whether we like it or not we've we've
tried that before we've tried not to be
involved in in things we've said
Afghanistan after the Soviet Union
withdrew we said well that's not our
problem anymore we don't have to worry
about it
the Afghans can we are involved we move
the and look all these years later so
this is the problem we can we can we'll
a way if we like we can we can pretend
that things that happen in a far corner
of the world don't matter to us but the
United States is a large country with an
economy that is connected to every
corner of the world and this particular
corner of the world be surrounded by all
these oil States and surrounded by
states where terrorism is a terrorism
directed at the Western world is a major
factor this is not a place from where we
can take our eyes off we are no longer a
broker there now let's let's be clear
this is now abundantly clear the United
States is not any kind of broker there
and the fact that we maybe we don't want
to be well somebody else has got to be
if we if we are not part of the person
then we become part of the problem
whether we like it or not
nobody else has the credibility in that
part of the world to be the broker the
Norwegians are not going to fix that the
European Union is not going to fix it
China and Russia don't care but then I
think the answer to all those who say
not my problem is here's the issue
what's your gas price is that and a few
years from now when American boots said
I have to turn up on the ground
somewhere in the Middle East as a as a
sort of fall out of this then you'll be
saying well why did we do something
about this ten years ago we don't have
the luxury of saying not my problem hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
