Trump's first campaign manager Corey
Lewandowski tweeted yesterday that he's
proud to be joining vice president Mike
Pence's political action committee ahead
of the midterms Lewandowski remains a
trump loyalists and Republican source
tells NBC's Jonathan Allen that it was
president Trump who asked his former
campaign manager to join the vice
president's team this comes as a New
York Times report claims top aides to
President Trump are growing frustrated
with the vice president's increased
political portfolio as he's attended
dozens of party events this campaign
season and has emerged as a chief
promoter of the president's policy
agenda
The Times report it sounds like he's
doing his job I don't know The Times
reports quote Republican officials now
see mr. pence as seeking to exercise
expansive control over a political party
ostensibly helmed by mr. Trump tending
to his own allies and interests even
when the president's instincts lean in
another direction the paper adds that
Trump's fiercest loyalists fear that
pence and his chief of staff staff Nick
Ayers are forging a separate power base
a spokesman for the vice president says
he's just carrying out the 2018 campaign
strategy and that he and the president
formed with congressional leadership the
tension between pence and Trump is also
laid out in this Politico report
detailing multiple times where the
president has changed his plans to
either upstage or even bump the VP off
the stage a former White House official
who served on the Trump campaign tells
Politico quote it was always pretty
apparent that pens had a role and that
role was to be subservient to Trump the
official adds quote pence should not be
seen and not heard and kind of put away
in a corner and used as needed Casey
hunt though the reality is in 2018 there
gonna be a lot of places where a
candidate may want pence there Mike
Pence there to bring together
traditional Republican support without
the negatives and Donald Trump may bring
the independent voters
so Mike Pence most likely will play a
pretty outsized role this this midterm
election right that's absolutely true
and Mike Pence also has the advantage of
being organized and disciplined in a way
this White House and in particular this
president is not the the one thing that
sticks out to me here is quite frankly I
am surprised that that vice president
Pence has been able to go this long
without these stories surfacing in the
press about him kind of being waiting in
the wings behind the scenes Nick Ayers
who was mentioned in the read he is the
president's chief of staff vice
president's chief of staff now when that
staff move got made is when I said to
myself okay
Pence is making real political
behind-the-scenes moves he got rid of a
lot of the Indiana people who had come
here with him went from when he was
governor of Indiana a lot of those folks
no longer in top positions it's not
universally true mark short the
legislative liaison in the White House
is somebody that was close to Pence for
a long time but but he has been very
deft behind the scenes you'll notice
every time there's a very negative story
about this president that relates to the
Muller probe there is an anonymous pence
aide who is there and very available to
tell you that you know what mr. pence
was not aware of that mr. pence was not
in the administration when that happened
this was something that happened well
before his time mr. pence was unaware
mr. pence was lied to about Mike Flynn I
think it says a lot about the way that
he is positioning himself and quite
frankly he's in dangerous territory if
it starts to if this becomes a snowball
of reporting well at johnathan he is in
dangerous territory
there's the snowball effect at the same
time you have nikki Haley at the United
Nations right now making waves as she's
a hero for Republicans even though at
times she goes out of her way to oppose
the president's elack's positions on
Russia
so Mike Pence finds himself in this very
interesting position people around Pence
aren't so sure Donald Trump's going to
be around in 2020 if that's the case he
may be running against nikki Haley so he
has to get ready
Pence has been more subtle about it
perhaps than some of what Haley has done
I mean yes publicly he speaks in glowing
over-the-top terms about the president
and people close to him say you know
that's part of a strategy you want to
you want to stay in Trump's good graces
one way to do it is to have fusilli
praise him and gaze at him lovingly
which he often does when he stands next
to him in a press conference but behind
the scenes there is no question there
have been some subtle efforts to draw
some lines to keep himself shielded from
some of these russia-related matters to
make himself more of a bridge to
Republicans on Capitol Hill to tend to
party business that Donald Trump frankly
doesn't seem interested in doing and to
this point he has managed the president
himself still seems largely fonda pence
but there are people around Trump people
other Western officials who have taken
note of this who have gotten a little
bit antsy about some of the moves that
he might be making in preparation not
just for 2024 but as you said maybe 2020
if Donald Trump doesn't decide to run
again and I'm gonna say Willie I have
heard from Trump people over the past
several months that there is some doubt
they have doubts nothing we've heard
from Donald Trump but they have doubts
that Donald Trump will run in 2020
so if they're people close to Trump that
believe he may not run in 2020 then
Pence has got to get ready and nikki
Haley is Anam she's building her own
power base every day at the United
Nations I've heard the same thing about
2020 I still believe that when push
comes to serve Donald Trump wants to be
a two-term president for the history
books he's concerned with what yeah what
his historic portrait looks like but
remember it was about five days ago when
Mike Pence told Andrew Mitchell that the
mulher investigation should be shut down
so he does come out and speak when he
needs to on behalf of the president but
I think if Donald Trump is actually
worried if the reporting sir about Mike
Pence that reveals an insecurity deeper
than we even knew oh he's an insecure Oh
actually think that Mike Pence is doing
an end-around on oh and you know that
happened the other day and set to dirty
himself because Trump was getting so mad
I just know we know Trump and pence had
to cross the line
well he's constantly balancing the
got a balance is loyalty to Donald Trump
but also he's got to see what's
happening at the United Nations and
nikki Haley did you see Nikki Haley's
approval ratings they're great they're
like she's in the 60 what a great great
number he's in a moment she separated
herself so well from the president she
has absolutely no concern she does
what's right she says what's right she's
not going to won't be a loyalist
it was noted yesterday she's not going
to dirty her name and her future for
Donald Trump it was noted yesterday that
she received perhaps the largest round
of applause at the embassy dedication in
Jerusalem and you know in part the
reason why is because nikki Haley unlike
so many other people around Donald Trump
is still a conservative and she still
speaks the truth about Vladimir Putin
she still speaks the truth
about Russia she still speaks the truth
about NATO she still speaks the truth
about our allies there all these
sycophants and all of these suck ups
because they're either lobbyists or
because they they want to be in Donald
Trump's good graces that have forgotten
what it is like to be a conservative
forgot what it was like to stand up to
Russia forgot what it's like to stand up
for NATO nikki Haley hasn't forgotten
and she'll be rewarded I don't know if
you can say the same for Mike Pence you
can't because it's so easy when it's the
right thing and yet they make it so hard
for themselves still I had Bernie
Sanders didn't win the 2016 election but
his former campaign manager says he did
Jeff Weaver joins us now to explain
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
