Joe you mentioned this at the top of the
show muqtada al-sadr a militia leader
who once led a charge against American
troops in Iraq has emerged as the
front-runner in Iraq's national
elections according to Iraqi officials
al-assad er has been extremely vocal in
his anti-american stance a spokesman
says he would however honor the
commitments made between Iraq and the
United States regarding the training of
Iraq security forces and weapons
purchases everything Isis al Sadr
obviously one of our he was just a sworn
enemy of the United States during the
Iraq war what does what does his success
in yesterday's elections mean we looked
at our solder is a nationalist he is
anti-american he's also relatively
speaking for an Iraqi Shiite
anti-iranian I think most important in
terms of understanding what just
happened he's he he is anti-corruption
he thinks that the people on top of the
new Iraq are stealing money everywhere
and he's right and I think this election
result reflects public anger at the at
the new kind of autocrats of Iraq and
what they've been getting away with I
just would caution that although he came
out on top it is possible that he'll cut
a deal that will keep the Prime Minister
Abadi the Americans supported current
prime minister of Iraq in power that
that looks to some analysts like the
most likely outcome but it's a sign that
I think in some ways has some positive
elements Iraqis are saying we're angry
we want this country of ours to work
better we want people to stop stealing
and he's the guy who's the symbol of
that alright still ahead on Morning Joe
president Trump slams the media and
members of his own government in the
same tweet now the White House plans to
target leakers for spilling secrets to
the press plus the vice president is
pushing his boss's agenda perhaps a
little too hard
new reports suggest Mike Pence is
getting under the president's skin for
being a little too front and center but
first yes thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and mate
sure you subscribe to stay up to date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
