welcome back after shall we say a
turbulent 17 months in the white house
that has seen historic unrivaled levels
of staff ports that Trump and the Fox
News show host Sean Hannity speak on the
phone most weeknights they write quote I
was told by one person that Hannity
fills the political void left by Steve
Bannon the report also quotes a former
White House official who says Hannity
and Fox create a feedback loop that puts
Trump in a quote weird head space adding
quote what ends up happening is judge
Jeanine Pirro or Hannity fill them up
with a bunch of crazy expletive and
everyone on staff has to go and knock
down all the expletive fires they
started a lot of expletives there with
us tonight is david jolly former
republican congressman from florida if
this were Bill Maher we could just speak
our piece expletive free but it's not so
here we are talk about this Trump
Hannity dynamic portions of which we
were all kind of aware of what does it
explain to you if anything look Sean
Hannity is the new Steve Bennett and
that is accurate
Steve Bannon has gone Sean Hannity fills
this void for Donald Trump and the
important thing about this is that this
is the president United States who is
listening to somebody who represents the
echo chamber at the base not somebody
who represents the very hard' conflict
of opinion within the United States
our founders empowered a cabinet and if
you look back through history we looked
at the Department of State and war and
Treasury as those who gave trusted
advice to the president United States in
this case Sean Hannity is somebody
giving advice and and mind you Brian
this is Sean Hannity who once said I am
NOT a journalist jackass now there was
no punctuation in that but what he was
espousing was he's not even a
fair-minded journalist in his own words
he is an opinion talk-show host who is
feeding that opinion to the president
United States and making them feel good
before he goes to bed at night some of
those public servants you just mentioned
this quote that's in the article Trump
in in what is the I wrote it down in my
own writing and I can't inherently
distrust sorry it's my own penmanship
inherently distrust
who chooses to work for him
imagine FDR trying to carry out world
war to get this country out of a
depression if he was working around
Harry Hopkins all the while
that's right fast forward even to our
generation with Bush 43 whatever you
think of his politics his decisions with
the war
the reality is Bush 43 came in having
lost the popular vote he won the
electoral college his legitimacy was
questioned he stayed quiet largely for
the first nine months until 9/11 he
listened to advisors like Cheney and
Powell and Rumsfeld and condi rice and
he followed their advice we can disagree
with the politics but he understood what
he didn't know when he was disciplined
Donald Trump today is probably the most
undisciplined president we've ever seen
it's what we wrestle with in the body
politic hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
