thanks to you at home for watching us
for the next hour rachel has one more
night off just one more but she will be
back here tomorrow
he promised now there is of course a lot
going on tonight we're of course
watching developments on the border
between Israel and the Gaza Strip after
a day of violence and bloodshed there
the Israeli military opened fire on
thousands of protesters who they said
were trying to break through the border
fence killing and they killed over 50
Palestinians and wounded by one count
more than 2,500 people this was the
bloodiest day since protests began at
the border over a month ago and today's
violence coincided with a ceremony
marking the opening of the new US
Embassy in Jerusalem where the US was
represented by Jared Kushner Ivanka
Trump and a couple of very controversial
Christian pastors will have more on all
of that later in the show including a
live report from NBC's Richard Engel
who's on the ground in Jerusalem also
today Melania Trump underwent a medical
procedure for what the White House
called a quote benign kidney condition
and we're told the procedure was
successful and the president tweeted
this afternoon that the first lady is in
good spirits now we've been watching
this week for the criminal trial of the
Republican governor of Missouri Eric
Greitens Greitens was accused of felony
invasion of privacy stemming from his
allegedly taking a compromising photo of
a woman he had an affair with back in
2015 out of the blue today the local
prosecutor announced that her office was
dropping the invasion of privacy charge
against the governor they're asking the
judge to appoint a special prosecutor
and start the case again governor
Greitens still faces a felony count of
computer tampering related to campaign
fundraising and he could end up being
impeached by his own Republican Party in
a special session that starts on Friday
we'll keep an eye on that as well but
we're gonna start tonight with a
footnote a footnote in a legal filing
submitted today in federal court in
Washington DC okay are you ready here's
the footnote major Scott has been shot
round up the usual suspects spent that
honest look at this footnote in a real
live legal filing today a serious legal
filing here it is and it's nice to see
that lawyers sometimes have a sense of
humor but the reason that it's important
the reason that we're starting with this
today is that what you can start to see
here is an article of faith on the right
and among hardcore defenders of the
current president about the Muller
investigation making its way into
courtroom arguments over that
investigation okay here's what I mean in
February the special counsel indicted 13
Russian individuals and three Russian
businesses for engaging in a conspiracy
to interfere with the 2016 election
through an information warfare campaign
none of the Russian individuals who were
indicted have responded formally to
being charged but one of the corporate
entities a company owned by a Russian
oligarch a man known as Putin's chef
that company hired itself some American
lawyers who did file a response to
Muller's indictment they filed for lots
and lots of discovery meaning if you're
gonna prosecute our client you have to
show us your evidence specifically they
asked for seven decades of American
foreign policy and intelligence
information about Russia
seriously seven decades quoting from
their discovery request to the
prosecutors quote the government is
respect is requested to turn over to
defense counsel and to disclose from
1945 to present each and every instance
where any officer employee and or agent
of the United States government engaged
in operations to interfere with
elections and political processes in any
foreign country including but not
limited to information relating to any
to whether any such activity utilized
propaganda in any format including but
not limited to the use of social media
so you prosecutor guys can pull that
together real quick right well today the
American lawyers representing that
indicted Russian company filed a motion
saying basically we think the special
counsels charges are horse pucky we
think they're completely made-up as in
literally make-believe charges like a
Grimm's fairy tale here's a taste quote
the Deputy Attorney General acting
or near accused Attorney General has
rejected the history and integrity of
the DOJ and instead licensed a special
counsel who for all practical political
purposes cannot be fired to indict a
case that has absolutely nothing to do
with any links or coordination between
any candidate and the Russian government
the reason is obvious and is political
to justify his own existence the special
counsel has to indict a Russian any
Russian and this is where they footnote
Casablanca round up the usual suspects
the lawyers say in their motion that
their client the Russian company run by
Putin chef has been charged with quote
the make-believe crime of conspiring to
interfere in a United States election
and there's a lot going on in this
filing today it's kind of like a kitchen
sink approach though everything at this
indictment and see what sticks it argues
that the crime these Russians are
charged with doesn't actually exist it
argues that even if they did it they
didn't know it was illegal it argues
that the indictment is hypocritical
because the American government has done
plenty of election meddling too but the
central thrust of this filing is that
Robert Muller is not acting in the legal
realm that he's acting in the political
realm that he's making up crimes and
going after random Russians just to
justify his own existence that the
special counsel is not unraveling a plot
that he is the plot and that theory has
always had its adherents in certain
conservative circles the words
witch-hunt and hoaxes may sound familiar
but it's a theory that's really on tenth
right now Natasha Barre truant at the
Atlantic Today reports on a book that's
set to be released next month called the
faking of Russia Gate written by two
Associates of Joseph Massoud the Maltese
professor who told Trump campaign
foreign policy advisor George
papadopolis that Russia had dirt on
Hillary Clinton the authors claimed that
Papadopoulos who has pleaded guilty to
lying to federal agents about his
conversations with Massoud is really
wait for it a Western intelligence
operative who was placed in the Trump
campaign by the FBI see poor tron right
there there
prevailing thesis is that Papadopoulos
mission was to bring Trump into contact
with Russian officials that of course
lines up nicely with the barely
contained excitement in right-wing media
that congressman Devin Nunez is crusade
to get the Justice Department to hand
over law enforcement sensitive materials
from ongoing investigations is about to
reveal the existence of an FBI spy
inside the Trump campaign so all of this
constitutes with the Washington Post's
greg sargent today describes as one of
too much' probes first he writes there's
the molar probe the real molar probe
that exists in the Fox News I mean the
molar probe that exists in the Fox News
addled mind of President Trump and his
supporters which features dark
conspiracy mongering about a deep state
coup against Trump out-of-control
federal agents and Jack booting poor
hapless
Trump allies and of course the corrupt
failure to prosecute Hillary Clinton but
then there's the second molar probe the
one in real life that presents in every
way as quote a team of investigators
mostly going by the book never leaking
masala never leaking methodically
following the facts albeit very
aggressively wherever they lead so the
actual Special Counsel investigation is
entering its second year and we now have
a remarkable profile of what that
investigation actually looks like
courtesy of a team of amazing reporters
at the Washington Post
buckle up is a title and at the headline
and here are some of the fascinating
details in the piece quote the grand
jury witnesses arrive one by one in the
wind at the windowless room in the
federal courthouse on Constitution
Avenue in downtown Washington they're
struck first by how commonplace the
setting feels more classroom than court
room one of the special counsel Robert
Mueller's prosecutor stands at a lectern
the jurors diverse by age and ethnicity
are attentive and take notes the
question is polite yet aggressive
surprising witnesses with its precision
and often accompanied by evidence
including text messages and emails
displayed on a large old-fashioned
overhead projector three witnesses who
described their experience of being
subpoenaed to appear before the grand
jury said Muller was not present for
their initial interviews which instead
were conducted by one of his prosecutors
standing at a lectern
and peppering them with questions and
presenting the case to members of the
jury who scribbled notes the cramped
room complete with an elegant furniture
one witness said looks like a courtroom
from an underfunded junior college in
the 1970s aside from a few witnesses who
have shared glimpses of their
experiences with Muller's team the exact
contours of the investigation remain
open even for Trump's lawyers who have
been in regular contact with Muller's
investigators only last week for
instance did the public learned that
Muller had been probing payments made by
fortune 500 companies to Trump lawyer
Michael Cohen since at least last fall
that's worth stopping on that point just
for a second I mean if Muller was
looking into those payments to Michael
Cohen last fall and we only found out
about the last week what is he looking
into right now that we're going to find
out about in another six months and
we're also reminded today that just
because the special counsel referred
that investigation of Michael Cohen to
prosecutors in New York that does not
necessarily mean that the special
counsel is not also still investigating
Michael Cohen remember that strange
story about a subpoenaed Ukrainian peace
plan hands it off to Michael Cohen
shortly after Trump's inauguration
except it was actually just a plan to
hand Crimea over to Russia permanently
and then also lifts US sanctions on
Russia and Michael Cohen told the New
York Times he delivered that plan to
then national security adviser Mike
Flynn's office but he told The
Washington Post that he definitely did
not do that he threw it away
well political reports tonight that the
Ukrainian lawmaker who worked out that
plan with Michael Cohen well he's been
called to testify before grand jury in
the Muller investigation and he will
testify this coming Friday so the lot of
work going on in this investigation work
that we're still learning about new
things we're learning new things about
every day which is impressive for a guy
who's supposedly just rounding up the
usual suspects joining us now is Robert
Costa national political reporter for
The Washington Post and one of the
authors of that blockbuster piece in the
post today Robert great to have you here
good to be with you
excellent so this insight that we're
getting into the Muller investigation is
very rare because of course the Muller
team doesn't leak they're notoriously
tight-lipped but you now have people who
are witnesses coming
talking about the investigation do you
get the sense from people that you spoke
with for this piece and you guys
reported on that they see the Muller
investigation as ramping up or ramping
down or can they tell you nail the joy
when you talked about how narrow the
window is for many of these witnesses
when they interact with the Muller
investigation they sometimes only hears
snippets they only get a bit of
information some people have compared it
to a submarine something that's below
the surface all the time maybe comes up
with an indictment from time to time and
they know that oh we've gleaned talking
to the president's people close to the
president and lawyers who are familiar
with the case that there are two tracks
it's gonna be about the president's
conduct a report on that and you're
gonna have the rush of collusion aspect
it's that Russia collusion part of the
investigation that's really taking a lot
of time and is sprawled out and when you
want you also you and your fellow
reporters at the post talked about the
way that Donald Trump has reacted to
parts of the investigation and you
really get the sense that the raid on
Michael Cohen's office was a flashpoint
for him just in terms of his sense of
the case but also emotionally can you
talk a little bit about that it really
was a flashpoint and working with my
colleagues we wanted to get a picture
what's it like inside of this White
House one year in to the Muller
investigation and one of the big
takeaways is that the president was
inching closer to perhaps agree in to a
voluntary interview with robert muller
and his investigators just a couple
months ago but it was that Cohen raid
that really pushed him away from that it
led to con really controversial debates
with his lawyer John Dowd and others who
died later resigned Giuliani comes in
the former New York Mayor now they're
moving away from that voluntary
interview preparing in many respects for
a possible legal battle over a subpoena
from Robert Muller if it comes and you
write in your columns right that many
Trump aids and associates say they're
confident that the president will be
exonerated but they privately expressed
worries that the probe may yet ensnare
more figures in Trump's orbit including
family members there's particularly
worried about the eldest son Donald
Trump jr. and Jared Kushner his
son-in-law and senior advisor do aides
fear that because of something that
could turn up in the Kohen raids and if
so why wouldn't they worry about DOM
trouble himself since he's the one who's
close to Cohen
it's complicated when you're dealing
with a President of the United States
with Muller he will likely issue a
report where then Congress will decide
whether to pursue impeachment or a trial
in the Senate but with regard to the
president's family the White House is in
this that narrow window that they can
only see parts of this investigation
they know some of the questions that
White House officials have been asked
the White House has cooperated with
interviews and they do hear questions
about that Donald Trump jr. meeting with
the Russian lawyer they do at times hear
questions about Jared Kushner and his
meetings during the transition with
foreign officials so all of these things
are out there as questions for a White
House that feels under siege and I'm
struck by another line in your piece
that says the biggest challenge for the
White House is that the special counsel
is produc is conducting an investigation
properly meaning they're not leaking
meaning they're not subject I guess in a
sense to being sort of treated the way
kind of they treat sort of larger
Washington through leaks and sort of
bullying and other things like that
that is pretty striking that the White
House their biggest constraint is the
sort of proper the propriety of the
Muller team and it's always the caveat
we have in our reporting because we're
talking to people who are familiar with
the witness experience talking to people
who are close to the experience of being
a lawyer dealing with Robert Muller
people who've interacted with him spoke
to him mayor Giuliani for this piece
about his own face-to-face meeting with
Robert Muller but it's very hard to
crack open the Muller investigation
itself and because if the reporters are
not able to tamper or interact with
grand jury witnesses
excuse me jury members that so is it
it's legally and reporting wise a
challenge but we're trying to give as
much information as we can one year in
yeah and I love the details about the
70s underfunded classroom aspect of it
is very sparse very interesting great
details Robert cost a great job national
political reporter for the Washington
Post thanks very much thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
