Bing won tonight you may remember
president Trump had a bad habit of what
we in the cable news business call hate
watching where he would spend a lot of
time watching TV news networks like ours
whose programming tended to rile him up
now don't get me wrong if your hate
watching right now we love it
I hope I'm riling you adequately
according to new reporting the hate
watching the president however cause
serious problems for the president
senior staff in the early months of the
administration Trump would spend hours
every morning watching shows that
angered him and by the time his day was
formally underway usually around 11
o'clock the whole world was often thrown
off course the White House need to get
the president back on track so they came
with a plan to convince him to quit hate
watching and just stick to the friendly
Trump TV programming of the Fox News
Channel then chief of staff Reince
Priebus and then press secretary Sean
Spicer worked talking points about the
network's high ratings and importance to
his base of supporters into conversation
until eventually it's stuck so the
president's television consumption is
today what a current White House
official called mainly a complete dosage
of Fox how that plan backfired not only
for Trump staff but for the presidency
and well maybe even the world is think
to in 60 seconds when president Trump's
staff convinced him to limit his media
diet to only Fox News they thought he
would be soothed by all the positive
coverage and stay better focused on his
administration's agenda but of course
that's not really how it turned out
former White House official called the
president's unlimited viewing habits
quote and effed-up feedback loop adding
what ends up happening is judging me and
our Hannity fill them up with a bunch of
crazy stuff and everyone on staff has to
go and knock down all the effing fires
they started apparently it's worse than
that now as New York Magazine reports
hump Hannity and Trump talked on the
phone most weeknights and on some days
they speak multiple times one official
saying the feeling among White House
staffers of the Hannity is the leader of
the outside kitchen cabinet and Hannity
how good is Hannity he say
how good is Hannity and he's a great guy
and he's an honest guy and Fox and
Friends in the morning is the best show
and it's the absolute most honest show
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
