are the top story tonight the man who
inspired Donald Trump and why critics
say this man's disgusting immorality
continues to infect American politics
today my special guest for this report
an Emmy award-winning writer making his
first appearance on the beat New York
Magazine's Frank Rich he has tackled
politics and theater for the New York
Times and he's a producer for HBO's veep
his latest cover story in New York
Magazine profiles the endurance of Roy
Cohn who literally led the Red Scare
McCarthy hearings as chief counsel for
Senator Joe McCarthy and worked at the
intersection of the Mafia and New York
nightlife and a wide cast of highly
questionable characters Cohn was a
lawyer accused of basically working the
wrong side of the law rich writes about
his indictments and scandals including
accusations of bank and securities law
violations perennial tax evasion bribery
extortion theft Cohen was charged and
acquitted of five different crimes he
was ultimately disbarred for misconduct
he's considered both infamous and
something of a legend character and
angels in America and anyone familiar
with New York's underworld can detect a
hint of Cohn and the question that
arises in so many crime stories do
criminals want a lawyer to defend them
or to help them be criminals seriously
when the going gets tough you don't want
a criminal lawyer all right you want a
criminal lawyer
all I'm saying know what I'm saying
consider that as the context for a
26-year old Donald Trump who linked up
with Cohen and chose him as the lawyer
and enforcer in New York Trump literally
carried a picture of him in his pocket
reach behind his desk and pulled out a
picture of Roy Cohn
and he asked everybody room you know who
this is and so I call him well Roy is my
attorney nobody wants to face for a
concrete conclusion to build the largest
concrete structure in New York City turn
again to Roy Cohn Cohn is also the
lawyer for the New York crime boss who
controls the concrete business payoffs
from contractors are dropped off at
Cohen's office so he may get paid twice
for his services here but then you get
what you pay for but is that all just
history Cohn is dead but Frank rich
argues his scurrilous mindset is alive
and the Trump era is testing our ability
to combat gutter fighters especially
when it feels like maybe their approach
is successful rich quote scones imagined
dialogue in the play Angels in America
where he says was it legal F legal am i
a nice man F nice they say terrible
things about me in the nation F the
nation you want to be nice or you want
to be effective Frank Rich joins me now
an honor to have you at the table thanks
for having me
if the Cohn Trump playbook is effective
does that mean more people mimic it and
how should society deal with that well
my it is it can be effective and one
thing to remember bad Cohn was he wasn't
even much of a lawyer he was a bomb
thrower he's someone who would you know
stall do all the counter suits and
everything to to keep justice from
happening in law from taking its course
the way we may have to stop it really
takes place largely in this city because
one of the points of my piece is that
Roy Cohn and Donald Trump
we're nurtured by a New York
establishment including people in the
media liberals Democrats as well as
Republicans and conservatives who like
this kind of fixer like someone get them
Yankee tickets or get the right concrete
company to build a skyscraper or fix
something at City Hall a tax abatement
for a real estate development and one of
the interesting things about both these
guys is that they were helped by places
like the New York Times
sixty minutes in the case of roy cohn
and all sorts of public officials
regardless of political party that's
such an important thread in your piece
that there is plenty of evil around but
the evil that thrives usually does so
with a lot of accommodation exactly and
you say Vichy Democrats reading reading
from you Vichy Democrats gained power
and consolidated with the help of allies
among the elites of New York's often
nominally democratic and liberal
establishment and because you're so
theatrical allow me to try to keep up
with you it's reminiscent of when the
Joker tells Batman in the Dark Knight
series
oh yeah sure you're good but you're only
as good as you're allowed to be and he
talks about how the elites of the city
of Gotham don't go along with what they
need to go along I think that's exactly
right I think that that rings a chord or
touches a chord because there is a lot
of Gotham that got them in the actual
Gotham and people there's a favorites
Bank an unofficial favors Bank and
people you know they'll tolerate
terrible behavior from a Kohinoor Trump
antisocial behavior vulgarity you name
it
outlaw behavior even if they can get
something for it and it's constantly
favors are being traded back and forth
Cohn talked about being proud of Trump
let's take a look at that we all know
Donald for such a long time I'm so proud
of him are you yeah when you think back
Nicki the way you and I knew Donald when
and there's so many great events in his
life tonight is the opening of probably
the most important building in the world
marble waterfalls sort of restores your
faith in the fact that progress that
free enterprise is not that at all oh
that's creepy yeah yes so this is the
early 1980s and you know Roy Cohn had
been there has been in America after the
army McCarthy hearings in 1954 he and
Karthi were in ruins and Karthi soon
died of alcoholism yet Cohn staged a
comeback in New York City so here he is
25 more years later after army McCarthy
and he's you know the belle of the ball
and the host of the festivities one of
the things that's striking about him and
we're looking at more of this footage of
the kind of person he was and he was a
real gangster type and I don't use that
word loosely and he represented
gangsters but he also had that persona
which was not oh we're gonna file a
motion sir that may delay your process
no he's much more than that and that's
there's record evidence of that I want
to play for you the way though that part
of what he did was say I'll win in court
when I can and I'll went out of court
the rest of the time so I win either way
so get the hell out of my face which is
what Donald Trump reportedly said he
liked about him here he was describing
one of the legal victories where they
did go up against the city on behalf of
Trump and win he believes you can fight
city hall
I believe you can fight city hall and we
both fought it together and got a 74
million dollar Trump Tower tax abatement
which the city refused to give us by
going to the highest court of the state
which decided 7th and nothing in our
favor
if Trump learned all that from him and
it's working thus far then what do you
see not that your job is to give actual
advice but what do you see as the
counterpunch I would just submit for
consideration that Roy Cohn's misdeeds
did ultimately catch up what they did he
was disbarred he did end his life in
disrepute yeah
I feel pretty strongly that's gonna
happen to Donald Trump it's a slow
process it's not an immediate process I
don't think it's gonna happen through
impeachment I think it's gonna happen
one way or another through the rule of
law he's just too entangled and stuff
and we have to wait but I do believe the
rule of law will triumph over Trump as
ultimately it did over Roy Cohn even
though both these guys had many powerful
allies to help them do their their stuff
is working on veep harder than writing
articles no it's it's it's it's it's
it's a lot of fun it's totally different
but I I love both of them but beep you
know it's it's making putting on a show
and it's fiction so you can make up
anything you want you never have to say
the name Donald Trump on zeep well tell
you fiction is one thing that's why we
find fake news exhausting because you
have to make it all from scratch I don't
know how you try would rather work with
facts but the fake news part it just
takes time I know what you understand
what we're with the farce veep Frank
Rich I really appreciate you coming on
the be for the first time we hope to get
you back when your schedule allows hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
