MSNBC contributor and Republican
strategist Steve Schmidt
do you trust Steve that the president
and his staff have thought through what
they're doing as they are now juggling
three incredibly difficult issues North
Korea Iran and Israel as we saw today of
course not Chris it's all about US
domestic politics everything we will see
Donald Trump do from now until the
midterms to try to stave off a
disastrous midterm election defeat is
trying to intensify support in his base
through policies of incitement and so
when we saw the two theocratic nutjob
preachers at the crossroads of
civilization and religion be able to
antagonize Judaism Catholicism Islam and
Mormonism all in the same day because of
their previous bigoted pronouncements
their extreme ideology this is not about
making the Middle East more secure it's
not about making the United States more
secure it's not about making sure that
we don't have yet another generation of
American kids dying in Middle Eastern
wars it's all about Donald Trump being
able to score a point
ephemeral though it may be in the news
cycle and to position himself for the
midterm elections it's clear as day that
he has no sense of history
he's completely ignorant of the
religions and the region do you think
that he could tell you the origins of
the Sunni Shia schism I suspect not he
knows nothing about anything
he's bumbling around and he do
stabilized with this rash move the
Middle East and as I said when he
announced the move to the embassy I said
there will be blood on his hands not
because he pulled the trigger but
because he destabilized the region with
not having any clue about what he was
doing and that goes for Jared Kushner as
well I want to just you mentioned Robert
Jeffress who is one of the pastors that
gave an invocation today this is what
mitt Ron
had to say about him Robert Jeffress
says you can't be saved by being a Jew
and Mormonism is a he received from
Paris he from the pit of hell he said
the same about Islam such a religious
bigot should not be giving the prayer
that opens the u.s. embassy in Jerusalem
John Hagee also giving an invocation
today so you think this really is
entirely domestic political management
of the Trump base of course it is it is
an appalling disgrace that these two
were allowed to open in prayer under the
flag of the United States and official
US government event given their
mountains of bigotry their
anti-catholicism anti Judaism anti Islam
anti Mormonism we don't talk about who
these people are enough so let's do it
for a moment Jerry Falwell Franklin
Graham Mike Huckabee all of them they
dress up as men of God but they are not
they are in business and they are in
politics and the type of politics that
they advocate is an extreme and
theocratic elite inge to politics you
see that they thirst for the nectar of
political power the gospel is secondary
when you look at their expectations of
Donald Trump from Seoul sorts of
behavior that they previously condemned
is for expedient partisan political
purposes one of the things that is
certainly true about this movement
wherever you look around the world and
you see the fusion of the state with
religion whether it is Putin and the
Orthodox Church complicit in his power
or other places around the world
the ideology advanced and represented by
Hagi
at all always veers towards the
autocratic it's always less free it's
always dominated by an extreme animus
towards gays there are people who would
much rather tell you how to live and
what birth control that you're allowed
to take for example if you're a young
woman that would
dare to say what is so obviously true
about conduct by this president that is
so obviously wrong these are the modern
day Pharisees in the temple they are
hypocrites and one of the blessings of
roy moore's candidacy is we know who
they are and no one in this country ever
has to pretend again when they hold up a
cloak and say you're attacking my
religion to do anything but laugh out
loud they're politicians and extreme
ones at that all right Steve Schmidt
thank you so much for coming out tonight
I appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
