let's bring in our guests Chris Hill the
former ambassador to Iraq and South
Korea at an MSNBC diplomacy expert and
today's panel princeton professor and
MSNBC contributor Eddie Glaude
Republican strategist Susan dapper CEO
and New York Times reporter and MSNBC
political analyst Nick confessed story
guys welcome Chris I do want to start
with you today's news in Israel does it
help the president keep a campaign
promise or does it further the argument
from his critics that he acts
erratically or not erratically
recklessly or I mean could you argue
it's both well first of all there's no
question it shows that he's a man of his
word with respect to his campaign he
said he was going to do it he's done it
what worries us everybody frankly about
this presidency is the fact that I don't
think he understands that one event
could relate to other events he's got a
situation now with Europe where we're
just running crossways with him across
the board it's not at all clear we have
any sort of transatlantic process going
forward on any issues and I think this
was still another such issue he doesn't
seem to have any plan going forward in
Middle East peace I know that Jared
Kushner was over there in Israel but
it's not at all clear that he's trying
to stitch something together and frankly
speaking I'm not sure the Saudis want to
do anything with us so at this point we
don't seem to have anything going
forward in the Middle East and of course
we have terrible bloodshed today I mean
there are those who say hey this will be
over in a day or two that doesn't really
say much to the families of the people
who've been killed today so this is a
very serious problem and you know on the
one hand I think we all take great joy
and seeing Israel get there what they
have called and perhaps rightly called
there their eternal capital but the
concept of it was a final status
agreement in which the Palestinians
would get something very important to
them the Israelis would get something
very important to them and everyone
would be a winner from this but this
decision to move this all ahead and give
nothing to the other side is really
ratcheted up 10
as if that's what we need right now
there's no word on when the
administration or if the administration
is even going to be talking to the other
side being the Palestinians and in their
their statements today they used the
term South Israel they didn't even use
the term occupied territories or Gaza
South Israel I had I had never heard
that before people at NBC had never
heard that before
talking about things that people haven't
considered before in Bremer posited an
interesting theory about what Donald
Trump could be doing in foreign policy
it's a bit long but I want to read it to
you he says I think high stakes poker if
you have the largest stack of chips at
the table and you're willing to
consistently go all in on a bet you'll
win all sorts of hands even if you don't
have the best cards indeed you don't
even need to look at your cards to win
hands against players who don't have a
big enough staff to play against you
lest they lose everything and in some
cases making a show of not even
bothering to look at your cards can act
in your favor what do you think of that
do you think that this is gonna yield
big political successes for the
president or work against him well I
must confess as a former foreign service
officer I was never a high-stakes poker
player but I would suggest that the only
problem with that is it indicates that
the president has some broad strategic
plan that this is how he's going to deal
with these tough and often perennial
issues on the world stage and my sense
is that's not what's happening it seems
that every issue is kind of dealt with
much more impulsively and you know with
his own kind of not even thought but
impulse as to how to deal with these
issues so I'm not sure anything relates
to one another and I'm not sure there's
a grand strategy even a grand strategy
that simply is a function of what you're
how many chips you have in front of you
in a poker table Nick what do you make
of all this you know I see today as a
flare going off in the sky it's been the
official policy of the US for three
presidents before President Trump that
this is the capital of Israel and each
of those past presidents have seen fit
to withhold that as a bargaining chip in
the peace process
what
this tells me that the turd ministration
has given up on the peace process that
there is no way forward that they've
essentially reconciled themselves to the
stalemate and that might be true by the
way but you know to do this without
getting anything in return
seems like an admission that there is
nothing to get why use the term South
Israel why give no condolences or offer
any real concern for the amount of life
lost it's very clear I think that they
have adopted the world you are than an
of the current administration is real
that they have gone from treating the
u.s. as an arbiter in this debate and in
this fight to taking firm sides with a
longtime ally but basically abandoning
the idea of the u.s. as being somewhere
in between these two parties they have
taken and adopted the worldview of
Israel right now on these issues
here at home in terms of how voters
views foreign policy there are some
who'll say this is what he campaigned on
and this is what I elected him to do to
to move that embassy was one of the
things I wanted him to do and I assume
others won't even really notice that
it's happening it won't be on their
radar well it's certainly the case the
choice of the the evangelical pastor to
deliver the prayer was an indication
that it's plane domestically to his base
but let's be very clear about what
happened right I mean we have to kind of
historic we have to understand what
happened today against the backdrop of
two historical events in my mind one is
March 1961 in the Sharpeville massacre
in South Africa
and the other is April of 1919 and what
happened in India with the British
Viceroy in both instances the moral high
ground was lost and a different level a
different register of movement of the
movement happened as a result and the
moral gymnastics around the carnage we
just saw yesterday right to my mind
indict sand convicts those who are
committed to this process as it's
playing out so there's the domestic
issue that's happening and then there's
the reality on the ground that Gaza is
an open-air prison
it's blockade it's about twice the size
of Washington DC and that what how
people are parsing what constitutes
peace here and Nick hit it how they're
parsing peace is
Israeli position it's not just Donald
Trump space it's people on the
Democratic side as well including the
Democratic majority leader Chuck Schumer
listen to him
you know long-overdue move we have moved
our embassy to Jerusalem I believe every
nation should have the right to choose
its capital
I applaud president Trump for finally
moving the embassy that's a good move
and I certainly agree with the president
and applaud what he did Democrats too
it's not just Donald Trump's pace there
are Democrats who believe that this was
the right move
there are and whatsmore also very
important to recognize is that this is
we've now learned how Donald Trump wants
to govern by going into foreign policy
he can go it alone he can do it on his
own whereas Governor on domestic policy
he needs to work much closer with that
with the Senate in the house
so this avails him an opportunity to go
after fulfill campaign promises in some
cases even get Democrats on his side but
basically lead alone and in the way he
sees fit and that's a really important
difference than what we what Donald
Trump actually promised as far as
getting certain things done domestically
because there are no deals
Donald Trump has written off the deal
he's doing it his way Chris do you think
though that there are there are those
out there who might say listen this is
Donald Trump lifting off the veil and
showing the reality of the way things
work and the reality of our foreign
policy the reality of Washington were we
really trying to be the arbiters of
peace in the Middle East or were we
really always on the side of Israel is
this just him being can you say this is
just him being more honest well those
was will there be those looking at this
and saying this is a president who said
he was gonna be more honest and this is
what he's doing
look whether you're talking about Israel
or talking about North Korea there are a
lot of different dimensions to the issue
and one of the dimensions of Israel of
course is to get Arab buy-in for the
Jewish state and Arab buy-in for a
Jewish state that is as eventually its
own capital the capital it's thought
since it's almost it's very existence so
I think the president is basically
saying I don't
care what anyone else thinks it doesn't
really it doesn't really matter it
doesn't matter what the Arab countries
think there's no real peace process
anyway it doesn't matter what the
European allies think they'll have trade
with Israel anyway and he's just saying
hey this is what we think is right for
Israel and I think as Chuck Schumer
pointed out he has brought support for
this but what he doesn't have is any
plan to go forward to make Israel safer
and to do something about the fact that
it lives in an area of the world where
everyone resents what has happened
that's long term and I imagine the
president is not thinking long-term he
doesn't often think long turns on and in
anything really he thinks short-term and
how it's gonna benefit him in the moment
speaking of which we had the lifting the
veil we have high-stakes poker now let's
get a Febreze analogy in here this is we
do this is a Washington Post from last
week I think it was a Phil Rucker story
can Trump's efforts at foreign policy
breakthrough breakthroughs erase damage
of scandals at home for Trump each bold
stroke is like a spritz of Febreze on
his narrative of domestic scandal
momentarily masking the expanding Russia
probe of Special Counsel Robert Muller
so looking at what's happening in Israel
moving the embassy what also is
happening with the revoking of the Iran
deal violating the Iran deal and this
summit with Kim jong-un that's happening
now in 30 days are these things enough
to lift Donald Trump up so that the
midterms will not be quite as bloody for
lack of a better term for the
Republicans I think it's very unlikely
look the president favors these bold and
dramatic gestures often without a lot of
strategic thought it likes the idea of
doing things in a big way getting
attention and a reaction for them but
this news cycle is is something pretty
crazy and actually what we've seen over
and over again is that the news cycles
are right past these big dramatic moves
and there's often an equally dramatic
thing happening in the investigation
there seems to be an endless supply or
revelation around the investigation and
around them the president's various fact
totems and people so I don't think
there's any danger the Muller probe
falling out of public view and
18 also an endless supply of Michael
avenatti dropping what is easy but it's
important that the foreign policy is
generating uncertainty deep uncertainty
right the foreign policy is not what the
Congress members of the House and Senate
are going campaigning on right now they
need to campaign on domestic issues
where they have a sense so while Donald
Trump is doing this and may look for a
deflection it's not necessarily gonna
help the midterms although that's
important and all of those babies are
dead all of those people are dead
they're dead and and we're talking about
race horses lean to politics I mean a
lot of folks who are dead today for what
I'm sorry this is me being a moralist I
suppose no I understand I'm in the White
House today their response to that was
it is Moss's fault and they're using
them as as tools for for propaganda it's
like saying the children in the
children's March of Birmingham it was
their fault that Bull Connor attacked
them we're gonna leave it there for the
moment Eddie Glaude thank you very much
I'm happier always the more or less to
bring it back down to earth that's
important Susan no Percy Oh Nick come
for story Chris hill guys thank you I
had the dump hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more Meet the Press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
