should the President himself apologize
I'll leave that up to him but if
something happened like that in my
office
somebody my office said it's such a such
a thing about somebody I would apologize
on behalf of the office yeah that is
Senator John McCain's longtime friend
Senator Lindsey Graham weighing in on
the fallout up to White House
communications aide Kelly Sadler mocked
the Arizona Republicans brain cancer
diagnosis during an internal meeting
last Thursday I understood that she
called megan mccain and apologized and
then she said i have that access and
said she would go on the air and
apologize or or or yeah no but she's not
doing
Axios reports that after the leak the
callous remark a visibly furious sarah
huckabee sanders scolded the White House
communications team on Friday calling
the leaks quote disgusting at one point
in the meeting White House strategic
communications director
Mercedes schlopp reportedly interjected
saying she stood with Sadler McCain's
don't wait about what you mean about
we're mocking a man who's dying what's
wrong with them
wait is that stood with but that weren't
they the ones that rushed out of her
rotten of the White House communicants
dinner because they were so offended by
the jokes so they rushed out of course
getting their limousine and go straight
to an after-party
he was MSNBC after party so they were so
offended by the liberalism I was more
liberal zero Sanders herself we can't be
here they're liberals that's with MSNBC
event yeah let's go let's go work it and
so now they're standing by someone who
actually makes fun of a man who's
committed his entire life to serving the
United States of America who has brain
cancer and a White House aide mocks them
and they interject that they stand with
the person mocking John McCain for
having brain cancer fighting for his
life
wait what's there to stand with there I
don't really so as
what does that mean well what what yeah
what exactly John does that you stand
with somebody who who mocks an American
war hero who what his dying of cancer
who had the opportunity to be released
while he's being beaten so badly that he
would never raise his arms above his
shoulders again but said he wouldn't
leave until all of his band of brothers
left with him what does that mean you
said what what does that mean she stands
with Shelley sad marketed by a leak go
ahead John it means you know it's
exhibit 7812 or whatever in these people
are on the wrong side of history and
they're on the wrong side of decency we
all make mistakes we all say stupid
things apology we all say stupid things
apologize and move on and it was a
really stand with stand with someone I
mean that that's you know it they're in
this bunker
it's a bunker of their own making
because their chieftain is the one who
has decided quite consciously and
deliberately not to govern as an
American president but to govern as the
tribal leader of his base and he was
saying insulting thing history history
is going to be very harsh here because
everything we know about the history of
the Republic is that the presidents we
remember and he should know this because
he's gonna be worried about those
ratings someday to the presidents we
remember and want to commemorate and
emulate are the ones who reach beyond
and represent all of us not just this
nat this this small base of people who
stand by people who insult people like
john beck right to the core as joe
indicated McCain's daughter Megan said
that Sadler called and privately
apologized for the comment but there has
been no public apology from the White
House let's bring out co-founder and CEO
of excess Jim VandeHei Jim you know like
we've all said everybody says stupid
things
I don't know carries Kelly Sadler but
sometimes people say stupid sometimes we
say stupid cruel things and press
but you apologize why can't she
apologizes she not apologizing because
Donald Trump would would be angry if she
apologized mm-hmm I think Meacham hit it
on the head I think you sit in the
bunker especially in this White House's
bunker and it corrupts your thinking
it's us against them and now it is it is
a standoff against the media where it
easily could have been put behind them
but just saying listen I said something
stupid I'm sorry for it and in fact you
should probably a volunteered to get out
of the White House when you say
something that stupid and the White
House still would have stood by her
what's so interesting this whole episode
over the weekend just illustrates the
level of dysfunction in the day-to-day
operations of the place that meeting
that you're talking about over the
weekend Sarah Sanders calls a meeting
about a leak about the leak about what
that woman had said
and says I know this meeting is going to
leak is furious that it leaked in the
first place within minutes you know
several people in the room are leaking
it it ends up on our site within hours
what is that why is that why do they
leak absolutely everything for your
viewers who are especially been watching
this for a long time you learn more in a
week with this presidency than you'd
learn in a year in so Jonathan Swan had
the clever idea to call the most
prolific leakers and ask them why they
leak and then they proudly leaked why
they leak which is a lot of it I was it
was a lot of it was striking a lot of it
was about score settling a lot of it was
going after people internally who didn't
share their views a lot of it was
killing ideas that they don't like some
of it was dead let's shape the narrative
in a way that's positive for the
administration but so much of it was
inward-looking so much of it about life
in the bunker and I think that's why you
don't get an apology why you can
rationalize comments or behavior that
you otherwise in any other atmosphere
would not rational I'll tell you
something else is that's going on here
is they know they're on the wrong side
of history as Jon Meacham said they know
this presidency is going to fall at some
point we don't know whether it's six
months or whether it's in a year a year
and a half
but they want to be on the right side of
history they want to be a source so they
don't get killed in the after report
could be that but the lack of loyalty
and the lack of serious process and
there's this administration that is a
recipe for leaking maybe if you're
frightened with what you see you have
nowhere to go with it so because that's
I would be I'd be horrified if I was in
there watching what was going on Jim
stay with us only the best people The
New Yorker looks at how the Trump
administration has reshaped our
government and led to the departure of
more than 79 thousand full-time
government employees we will speak with
the author of the piece Evan Osnos next
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
