welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios am
co-founder and CEO of Axios at Jim
VandeHei Jim good morning to you happy
Monday to me talking about Axios is one
big thing today you had Jonathan Swan
had this terrific item over the weekend
about why this White House leaks and one
of the reasons this hit is always so
much fun and Cable has so much to work
with with Trump is there's more leaking
in one week of the Trump White House and
you might see in the year of a
presidency and so Swan had the clever
idea to call up some of the most
prolific leakers and ask him why they do
it what was telling was so many of them
said it was about score settling about
making sure that either they're they're
killing ideas or tamping down people who
might be on the rise because they don't
like the ideas they don't like those
people I think part of that tone is
obviously set at the top of the Trump
White House the other thing is they do
worry sometimes about ideas that are
making it up to the boss that might get
out and so there's a lot of leaking
that's done to try to terminate those
ideas before they become a reality and I
think that leaking is sort of one of the
defining qualities of this presidency
because you have this lens into a White
House that's very unusual if you look
back at previous presidencies rarely did
this many people tell you in real time
what's actually happening especially the
ugly stuff usually they're spinning
although what a great leader there is
and how everyone gets along this White
House a lot of transparency for good and
bad well there's also a lot of people
inside the White House right now that
are looking internally to see who these
leakers are trying to sort of tamp tamp
that down what exactly others leaker is
doing to sort of cover their tracks to
make sure they're not identified as the
leakers in the White House I mean you
just make sure that you have a good
relationship with the reporter that
you're dealing with and that you're not
leaking something that only you would be
the person knowing it and then it'd be
obvious that you're the one who knew it
a funny thing over the weekend there was
this meeting on Friday Sarah Sanders
press secretary has a meeting starts the
meeting saying I know somebody's going
to leak this then goes on to condemn
people for leaking that comment that the
press aide made about John McCain and
within hours it's leaked it was on Axios
of a fullness
trypsin of what happened in that meeting
that she asked not to have leaked new
would be leaked it's leaked by a group
of people that included several leakers
and I think it's just a sort of a
microcosm of what happens at a lot of
these meetings and by the way it's not
just a communications team you're seeing
this happen with meetings in the
Situation Room meetings with Donald
Trump and by the way Trump himself talks
to so many people on phone at night that
a lot of leaking I think it's done that
way and so one of the things that we're
gonna look back on you know 10 20 years
from now is that you really do have tons
of visibility into the wild days of the
Trump White House that you just haven't
haven't seen in previous presidents it's
just the management style of the White
House have anything to do with sort of
this extreme level of leaking that we've
been seeing absolutely listen anybody
who's watching who's a manager who or
has a manager the tones always set at
the top and he doesn't care if you leak
obviously he's wildly improvisational he
loves media himself and he sort of likes
the game of media even when he condemns
it frequently on Twitter and so yes all
habits good and bad flow down and I
think one of the habits that's flowed
down is there is a lot of leaking there
is a lot of chaos inside this White
House which by the way this isn't just
sort of a media thing it has
consequences it makes it a lot harder to
get big things done you're looking at a
president who's trying to do an Iran
deal who's trying to get the the Koreans
to get rid of their nuclear arsenal
who's trying to clamp down on China and
is that you try to avoid or perhaps
provoke a trade war with China so these
are big things and when you have these
daily distractions with a White House
that's already stretched pretty thin
it's problematic and I think that's one
of the frustrations you hear from
Republicans is that they're they're like
listen we've got all Republican rule we
should be jamming through tons of
legislation getting lots of big things
done and they can't get it done yeah I
also know that you're looking at lessons
for future politicians on how to be sort
of the better version of President Trump
what is the sort of Trump way offer to
these future candidates I mean I'd say a
couple ones but the big one would be
that Donald Trump has shown us and I
think showing future politicians that
people are way more malleable than we
thought if you look at the Republican
Party today versus two years ago he has
flipped the Republican Party on deficit
he has flipped the Republican Party on
on globalization and in trade he has
flipped the Republican Party even on its
views of Russia he's flipped the
Republican party a big chunk chunk of it
on its views of the FBI and so what he
has shown is that the rules that we
thought party stand for one thing I the
other party stands for the other might
not be true and that the power of the
presidency might even be more powerful
than we thought because he's been able
to switch the Republican views on core
topics yeah he certainly broken a lot of
the rules and the norms whether you like
it or not that's the big question Jim
VandeHei thanks for joining us we're
gonna be reading a CSA M in just a
little bit and to all our viewers out
there you too can sign up for the
newsletter at Axios com that does it for
us on this Monday morning
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
