welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with
what we saw at the White House last
night with President Trump and Brett
Kavanaugh in a moment that perhaps
called for healing for trying to bind
the wounds that the Cavanaugh spectacle
created president Trump instead decided
to rip the scab off what happened to the
Cavanaugh family
violates every notion of fairness
decency and due process and with that I
must state that you sir
under historic scrutiny were proven
innocent thank you
I know we're used to partisanship all
the time but it okay of course justice
Cavanaugh was not proven innocent nor is
he proven guilty a president Trump took
a moment of potential national unity and
used it to stick his finger in the eyes
of his opponents and granted we know the
midterms are coming up at 4:00 Cavanaugh
he said all the right things last night
every American can be assured that I'll
be an independent and impartial justice
devoted to equal justice under law well
my question is why was Cavanaugh there
last night after all he'd already been
officially sworn in on Saturday after
the Senate vote yes other new justices
have appeared at some of these
ceremonial swearing ins including
Stephen Breyer and Samuel Alito but some
have not after they've been confirmed
believing it looked like they were
taking sides but neither of them by the
way of the ones that did appear had ever
been confirmed after such an ugly
contentious and utterly polarizing
politicized process so Cavanaugh has now
played the role of partisan accused as
media credit excuses critics of a
political hit job insisted it's all
revenge by the Clintons or for on behalf
of the Clintons and then appeared with a
president who just called the
accusations against judge justice
Cavanaugh Democratic hoax
consider this journalists work really
hard are supposed to be impartial
we don't always succeed and when we
don't we're called out I appreciate
those of you that call out call us out
all the time
but how about holding Supreme Court
justices to as high of a standard as the
press or maybe a higher one shouldn't
that justice be held as accountable if
not more so than America's journalists
last night's lesson President Trump
seemed to be saying we won you lost
Moore's on the way take that suckers
that really how we want to view the
Supreme Court hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more beat the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mind set right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
