have you seen any Russians in West
Virginia or Ohio or Pennsylvania
are there any Russians here tonight any
Russians among Michael a vanadis claims
this week about that were
eyebrow-raising were transfers made to
Michael Cohen's company and there is of
course a Russian connection
Columbus Nova an investment firm that
paid $500,000 to Cohen's L company
essential consultants LLC has close ties
to Russian oligarch Viktor Vekselberg
Vekselberg is one of the Putin linked
oligarchs recently hit with US sanctions
that we should know that vekselberg has
not been accused of wrongdoing in
connection with the investigation into
Michael Cohen Columbus Nova says it paid
Cohen to consult on quote potential
sources of capital and that the payments
had nothing to do with Vekselberg
according to the new york times Columbus
Nova is run by Vekselberg American
cousin who donated two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars to Trump's inauguration
and attended the event with vekselberg
at his side meanwhile ABC News citing
sources with direct knowledge reports
that Special Counsel Robert Muller is
investigating donations to Trump's
inaugural committee made by donors with
ties to Saudi Arabia the United Arab
Emirates Qatar and yes Russia and
joining me now is MSNBC contributor and
author of the plot to hack America
Malcolm dance Washington bureau chief
for Mother Jones and co-author of
Russian roulette david korn and
journalist and author of the view from
flyover country
Sarah Kinsey or books-a-million thank
you guys for being here I'm gonna start
with you here because mark Malcolm so
you have Michael Cohen getting all of
this money from companies like AT&T
Novartis it's all very strange but of
course it all has to come back to
another Russia connection the firm that
paid Michael Cohen $500,000 deeply tied
to this Russian oligarch one little
quick piece you know that he's even get
these also getting money from people
tied to that and then you've got the
cousin that's got a company they went to
inauguration can you sort this out for
us a little bit well the most
fundamental thing that everyone needs to
know about this story is with with
regards to Russia is that everywhere we
turn every time we
when a door right behind it is a Russian
oligarch right the oligarchy these are
the guys okay imagine for a minute those
old James Bond films where you have the
evil henchmen at the top and then you
have the table with all the rich
billionaires who get dropped into sharks
that's the Russian oligarchy for
Vladimir Putin right they do Moscow's
bidding because he allows them to be
billionaires and to exist otherwise they
seize all their assets these people are
the ones who are executing influence
operations either for corrupt the
Kremlin itself themselves as
billionaires and they understand Donald
Trump can be manipulated with money and
Michael Cohen was the person that was
the go-to guy so fixed vekselberg saying
I have no real connection to him that's
not true at all your cousin has a
connection to them right and that's how
you do it without getting your
fingerprints all over it does it matter
if Vekselberg was in the inner inner
circle or not because there is that
question of whether he was like real
inner circle or sort of faux inner
circle does that even matter no it
doesn't matter at all because the the
oligarchs of Russia lived by the
sufferance of Vladimir Putin he allows
them to exist and be billionaires
otherwise he presses the button and they
fall into the tank of sharks so you know
that being said when he wants something
done yeah he can put his finger right on
them and they will execute it as if they
were his own intelligence agency so let
me come to you david korn and read just
a little bit from your the mother jones
piece about this payment just a little
bit of that he said you guys right last
month Vekselberg and his Renova group
were hit with sanctions by the US
treasury department after that Renova
took down its website which currently
says under construction but previously
the firm's site listed Columbus Nova as
part of the larger rent of a group
suggesting it was a subsidiary Columbus
Nova's website was previously called the
previously called the firm the US
investment vehicle for Renova can you
just explain a little bit who this
company is what do they do mm-hmm well
Renova group is the big transnational
business empire of Victo Viktor
Vekselberg who is one of the richest men
in Russia and an oligarch who also had a
whole side deal with a bank in Cyprus
with Wilbur Ross before the election
which is another story
but Renova group is his company Columbus
Nova is a us-based American company that
was listed in a way that suggested it
was a subsidiary of the read over group
in SCC documents that we looked at at
Mother Jones this week it was described
as an affiliate of the Renova group
talking to people connected to Columbus
Nova they say it is owned by an American
the guy who runs it Andrew in traitor
and so it is not owned by a Russian so
it would not technically be a subsidiary
but it is certainly a big part of
Vekselberg operation and it manages two
billion dollars in assets and as far as
we know most of those assets are
vekselberg assets so it is basically a
Vekselberg company run by his cousin the
American who gave $250,000 to Trump's
inauguration and we went back and looked
this guy Andrew in traitor he had never
given a major political donation in his
life and now all of a sudden a quarter
of a million dollars to Trump's
inauguration committee the same month
Columbus Nova starts paying Michael Cohn
and David do we know to who extended the
invitation for him to be at the
inauguration do we know who that person
was we don't know how that happened we
do know that if you pay $200,000 to the
inauguration committee you get invited
to the inauguration and his plus one was
Viktor Vekselberg and yes and they told
us that's where they met Michael Kohn
interesting all right so let's talk a
little bit about all the different
people Sarah that just keep turning up
with friends that are in Russia you have
Michael Cohen obviously who worked on
the Trump Tower Moscow project proposing
of Jeff Sessions who's now it's late
belated the admitted he met with the
Russian ambassador of Donald Trump Jr
who organized the infamous Trump Tower
meeting with a Russian lawyer now that
is a confessed her closer to the Kremlin
of George papadopolis who tried to
organize meetings with Trump campaign
officials in Russia you have Jared
Kushner who was that discussed
establishing a back-channel
communication with Russia and of course
you have Michael Flynn it mean it's hard
to imagine it's that coincidental I
think Chris Matthews has said I don't
think he Russian he knows like
of them right so it can't just be
coincidence but the problem I think for
a lot of people who don't believe that
in the conclusion don't think it's real
is that they don't see how any of that
means that Donald Trump did anything
wrong well all of these people are also
intimately connected with Donald Trump
and the people you just named is like
the tip of the iceberg you could do like
oh we didn't start the fire of Russian
mob connected goons who are hooked up
with the Trump administration and this
of course this is not coincidental these
ties go back decades the ties of
somebody like Michael Cohen you know the
sort of mobster multitaskers just like
another one of these slime coated
barnacles stuck to the bottom of this
Teflon Titanic we call the Trump
administration go back two decades this
was long in the making and I think you
know people bring these issues to light
individually they look at these people
individually when you look at the
network when you look at where they
collide they collide around the Trump
family they collide around the Trump
Organization and none of these business
practices are so-called business
practices that they engaged in have
stopped now that Trump has become the
president and that is the problem the
problem is corruption the problem is
kleptocracy and the problem is a lack of
accountability by the Republican Party
who itself is funded by these oligarchs
by these mafiosos by these characters
who have entered the picture and our you
know harming American democracy and you
know is it that simple you know Malcolm
because the question of why would why
should do all this what do they want
right it does
are they just like the 18 T's of the
world who just want to get close to
Donald Trump to know what his brain is
like rather than just reading fire and
fury or your book you know or is this
all about getting that old former Soviet
money that's now Russian money into the
United States by hook or by crook and
it's just purely cash transactional well
I think it started out you know after
the US sanctions and and that they
wanted their money they wanted their
money to flow freely and the oligarchs
put their pressure on Putin but Putin is
not playing at that level
Putin is playing a strategic game of
influenced warfare of perception
management and he found that the way
that they you know the oligarchs were
making all of these contacts with
conservatives we're meeting the NRA had
essentially bought the evangelical
movement
in the United States through there
protecting Christianity conferences and
he realized he could co-opt the entire
American conservative movement and that
they would become a subordinate
subsidiary of his you know oligarch
debase autocracy and that he could
create an autocracy in the United States
which would move the United States the
position number two and Vladimir Putin
strongman to position number one and
it's working I mean they literally have
essentially bought a presidency and you
know David then you think about Michael
Cohen and you wonder you know for all
the money he took in he's still needed
to go and I'm gonna ask you the same
question in our last panel I still need
to go take out $700,000 in loans against
his and his wife's property if he was
taking in this much money where did it
go
you know I wish Michael avenatti your
previous guest would tell us what he
knows about Tomita incorporated as you
note he seems to always be a step or two
ahead yeah what he what he shares with
us I mean yeah when you follow the money
you follow the money in and you follow
the money out right and so we know at
least about three to four million
dollars in payments here they may have
been other payments but until you get
both sides of the equation you don't
have the full story so telling people
like Moe to close down now it's really
saying stop the game and maybe the
fourth inning yeah and one wonders if
the PlayBook that Muller is working off
of might be the tax returns because
somebody is finding out where all this
money is going no one should be today
would be a good day for Donald Trump to
release his tax returns or not stick
around thank you David cordis Eric heads
the Orang coming up on the eve of
Mother's Day the Trump administration
well they're separating mothers from
their children that's nice
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
