I know I mean I understand it and so
many people have come up lobbyists I
said I don't want money from lobbyists
the system we have is broken because a
guy like Bush a guy like Walker all of
these people are controlled by the
people who give them their money under
my administration were fighting against
the lobbyists the special interests and
the corrupt Washington politics good
morning and welcome to am joy Rudy
Giuliani in an interview that posted
last night with the Huffington Post once
again directly contradicted the White
House despite working for Donald Trump
the comments came after reports at AT&T
paid Trump attorney Michael Cohen
$600,000 to advise on a potential merger
with Time Warner and for insights into
the new administration Giuliani told The
Huffington Post quote whatever lobbying
was done didn't reach the president the
president denied the merger they didn't
get the result they wanted but this
morning both White House fired back
contradicting Giuliani's remarks press
secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders telling
CNN quote the Department of Justice
denied the deal and she reiterated the
administration's past position that the
president was not involved now this
story has a lot of moving parts and
seems to change by the hour but the
bombshell development occurred earlier
this week when a document uncovered by
stormy Daniels his attorney revealed new
information about the multi-purpose
shell company set up by Michael Cohen
that company is essential consultants
the same company formed in October of
2016 to pay one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars in hush money to
Daniel's after Trump was elected
president The Washington Post reports
that Cohen bragged about his access to
the Donald saying that he was quote
crushing it according to a document
released by Daniel's attorney Michael
avenatti corporations forked over
millions of dollars to Cohen through
essential consultants companies like
Columbus Nova a us-based firm with ties
to Russian oligarch which paid Cohen
half a million dollars pharmaceutical
giant Novartis which confirmed it signed
a 1.2 million dollar contract with Cohen
and the aforementioned AT&T
which as we mentioned paid cohen
$600,000 att's chief executive said on
Friday that hiring Cohen was quote a big
mistake and announced that its top
lobbying executive in Washington would
be leaving the firm now we should note
that one company that did resist Cohen's
sales pitch was Ford Motor Company for
the wall street journal' Ford's head of
government affairs rejected the offer
and had no further conversations about
it joining me now is Michael avenatti
stormy Daniels attorney Paul Butler NBC
legal analyst beth balsam of x-two PR
and Timothy O'Bryan author of Trump
Nation the art of being MacDonald thank
you all for being here Michael I have to
come to you first and we'll start with
CNN which tweeted out this morning from
Reporter hottest gold saying new White
House while President Trump was a it was
opposed to the AT&T Time Warner merger
during the campaign and has been
consistent on that he didn't interfere
with the Justice Department case
Giuliani tells Dan abash saying he told
me directly he didn't interfere so once
again you know you uncovered all of this
information about the companies that
were paying Michael Cohen then you have
Giuliani who's supposed to be helping
come out and say well it didn't matter
because that he was so ineffective he
didn't help but it was the president who
came between AT&T and this merger deal
what does it say to you that they're now
having to reverse on that but that you
now do have Giuliani at least suggesting
that there was a direct relationship
paid to play for AT&T well I'm gonna I'm
gonna push back a little bit joy he is
helping he's helping us and and I hope
he keeps talking because every time he
talks our case gets better and what
we're saying is more and more vindicated
I mean this guy is a walking trainwreck
there's no other way to put it he's a
character of what he used to be when he
was mayor and when he was a very able
prosecutor it is time that he take a
step back go out to pasture he is doing
considerable damage to the president and
mr. Cohen
and quite honestly his legacy but if he
wants to continue to help us by making
these ridiculous comments that then have
to be that the White House then has to
address right and back off you know so
be it because I think the credibility
out the window I want to read you just a
little piece of the additional piece of
this interview that he hasn't yet walked
back because what you have here is this
the shell corporation this essential
consultants LLC that's taking in
millions of dollars from all of these
big corporations but then the payment
that he makes to stormy Daniel so he's
saying he doesn't even know he knows
nothing about is 130 thousand dollars a
really odd number Julie Annie is now
saying that the only reason that you
guys are suing is because quote I think
she feels she was cheated she feels she
couldn't have gotten him she could have
gotten more your response well look
here's what here's the fact of the
matter
they can't argue on the facts in the
evidence in this case because it is so
bad for them and it's only getting worse
by the day with each passing day you
have more companies coming forward now
we hear from Ford Motor Company that
they were solicited by Michael Kahn
right so instead of looking at the facts
of the evidence and then developing a
message based on that what they've
decided to do is just the opposite they
have no facts or evidence so they're
gonna develop a message and the message
they're trying to sell the American
people on now is well she's just doing
this because she didn't get enough money
you know it's it's not gonna sell it's
just not gonna sell because there's
nothing there's no facts there's no
evidence to back it up it's a bunch of
nonsense and Paul you know it isn't it
is interesting that you have Giuliani
the other big admission that he did in
his sort of press tour was to admit that
Donald Trump paid back Michael Cohen for
the hundred and thirty thousand dollars
that was given to Mike Levin at his
client to Stephanie Clifford but why
would Trump need to do that
if essential consultants is taking in
all of his money that's one and then why
would Michael Cohen need to take out a
personal loan to put money into the
essential consultants if he's taking in
all this money that all doesn't seem to
make a lot of sense yeah great question
first let me take a moment to brag on my
former student this do right here I
think of him as in a Justice League with
robert muller to save our democracy and
so what robert muller is doing is well
actually what Michael is doing is
showing how the money came in what
Robert Muller is interested in is where
it went how it flowed out of this LLC
and whether the Big Kahuna mr. Trump had
any portion of that so to your question
again that's what he's looking for right
because as you say during this time when
Michael Cohen's getting all this money
he's not acting like a
rich dude he's secular mortgage oh this
money's going somewhere right and taking
like 720 something thousand dollars what
the more exactly just to put a pin in
just for a second to remind the viewers
of who was giving him money Novartis 1.2
million dollars they say it was focused
on US healthcare policy matters Michael
Cohen has no expertise there Columbus
know of a half a million dollars for
potential investments in real estate
Korea aerospace industries $150,000 for
legal consulting accounting and AT&T as
we just mentioned 600,000 for insights
into the new administration but they
have to come to you on this because I
think what a lot of people see that they
wanted themselves wait a minute agent
he's a giant company they've got a
lobbyist in Washington Korea airspace
why would they need Michael Cohen he's
not an expert in any of this he had
three clients Sean Hannity Trump and the
third person yeah why would a company
with a reputation go to someone like
Michael Cohen for advice you know the
news is happening with such velocity
it's hard to remember what happened 18
days ago never mind 18 months ago but
I'd like to bring your viewers back to
that time when the election had happened
and Donald Trump won and let's face it
none of us at this table thought he was
gonna win the corporation's didn't think
he was going to win everybody was pretty
much betting on Hillary and they were
prepared for that Hillary transition and
they would have been prepared as well if
it had been a standard Republican but
Trump was not that standard Republican
right he was not connected to the
establishment he wasn't there wasn't
access to him and he was also
unpredictable so he starts tweeting and
he's tweeting about Boeing and he's
tweeting about Lockheed Martin and he's
tweeting about car companies and I will
tell you that every PR agency in this
country started pulling together
strategy documents what are you gonna do
if Trump tweets about you how do you
avoid having to rip Trump tweet about
you how do you respond and so you know I
don't know if corporations are people
are not people but I'll tell you there
are run by people and there was a lot of
concern how do we you know deal with
this how do we deal with this
administration there's so many reasons
corporations have to work with the
government regulatory policy and
everybody was kind of at this crossroads
how do you not get caught in the
crosshairs and how do you work with this
administration so I can understand why
it was very appealing to hire somebody
who had that access to try to figure
this all out
yeah and
what we know about Donald Trump also is
that he doesn't give something for
nothing right so you have Donald Trump
who's got this long history very
question you know in this business that
can be shady right there real estate
sort of weird murky world with all these
foreign ties so does the is it important
with what you know of Donald Trump that
everyone around him then says feeding
frenzy he's in here now we're all gonna
just get rich or is this something that
they couldn't have done without him
blessing it no no I think I think this
is both I think it's both a feeding
frenzy because Trump's always been
surrounded by second and third tier
people who have hitched their wagon to
his star in order to make a buck Michael
cone is just the latest successor in
this long line of people both ancient
and recent who have scrambled to make a
buck off their proximity to Trump I
think the larger lesson of this whole
event
thanks to these documents that Michaels
released is that Trump didn't drain the
swamp he just brought in big bigger
alligators yeah and and and Michael Kohn
is is just one conduit I think there's a
lot more to learn about corporate
America's ties into the Trump
administration Trump himself led the way
because he and his family did not divest
themselves in a meaningful way of their
own business interests when he went to
Washington and they essentially put a
for sale sign on the Oval Office saying
it's okay to avoid traditional conflicts
of interest yeah and when he gets
elected K Street goes into a frenzy
because they don't have any
relationships to this guy and they start
to look for people who they think can
deliver for them and Michael Kohn is
just one of those people well I mean we
literally have had the family we've had
Ivanka Al Jarreau selling her jewelry we
have six Fifth Avenue exactly the
tradition of families in Asia you know
trying to trade visas fragments yeah
it's all over the place with this family
and I'm wondering just to come back to
it just a moment because now you have
these companies not cooperating right so
AT&T apparently since November of last
year Novartis since November is now
cooperating with robert muller
for these companies now they've got a
run baggie and just walk it back
Novartis came out with a statement
saying that Cohen contacted us after the
new administration was in place he was
promising access to the administration
is it standard for companies to
literally buy access and not register
and that person not be a registered
lobbyist you know I heard Nick compass
or yesterday say
that lobbyists are probably the most
honest people because they register and
they tell you you know I am registered
and I'm representing these companies and
these interests and this is what I'm
trying to accomplish and that's a fair
business I you know if it's all done on
the up-and-up
yes companies want to have access they
need access to the you know the
Democratic administration the Republican
that's all honest and on the up and up
we don't know what was happening behind
the scenes what promises were made
that's the difference and Michael Kahn
wasn't registered yeah there's another
issue that really hasn't been touched on
yet and I think that this is gonna be
the next front of inquiry this next week
so shortly after the election Michael
Cohen goes and he joins or it forms a
relationship with a very well known law
firm in Washington DC by the name of
Patton Boggs and Patton Boggs has a long
history of lobbying and being involved
between companies and the US government
that's a very unusual relationship to
have been formed right after the
election because Michael Cohen is not
your average average patton boggs
attorney I think some of us have
experience with Patton Boggs I know I do
it's a very reputable law firm some of
the people are highly educated usually a
lot of experience exceptional attorneys
that's a very unusual relationship so
why did patton boggs and why did michael
cohen come together and what did Michael
Cohen sell patton boggs as it related to
the idea that they were going to allow
Michael Cohen to come to the law firm
it's pretty clear to me what he sold
them what he sold them was a book of
clients a book of corporations or
individuals that had already retained
him for access to the US president that
needs to be the next inquiry
what did patton boggs know when did they
know it did they know that Michael Cohen
was lobbying did they not know it and if
they knew about it why didn't they have
Michael Cohen register as a lobbyist in
connection with the work that he was
doing no one has really talked about
that but I think that needs to be
inquired into you know given your
history of knowing things do you already
know the answer to that well we may we
may know a couple because you seem to
know the answers Lisa I have to ask you
very quickly you tweeted this joint I'm
sorry to interrupt you but I think you
had up on your screen some of the money
that had been paid yeah by Patton Boggs
earlier if I'm not mistaken
oh so the so Patton bonds was one of the
payees well one of the page
that had been listed up on your screen
right so you you also tweeted last night
why was mr. Cohen paying something
called Demeter direct LLC in Los Angeles
large sums of money from essential
consultants account what is what can you
explain that well I'm not prepared to
explain it this morning but I think it's
a pretty good question I mean maybe
Michael Cohen or his attorney mr. Ryan
can answer that question before I do so
we looked at who essential consultants
LLC seems to be and it seems to be a
korean food company that is also in some
way doing financial lobbying or
something like that like our leader
Demeter Demeter I'm sorry are you
implying that there is a there's a
longer list than just Novartis and these
other companies oh there's so much we're
also and do you have that list so the
thing is is that what seems to be
happening is whoever is giving Michael a
menotti or you know however he's getting
this information it is this in your view
Paul a way to make sure that information
doesn't get squashed or sort of fall
into the black hole the Robert Miller
investigation where we can't see it that
it'll be acted on much more quickly
obviously if you're passing it into the
hands of Michael avenatti who can use it
right away that's right because one of
these things that these big corporations
are buying is secrecy for Michael Cohen
so they're paying him all this money to
peddle his influence which he apparently
does not have but they don't want it out
there so sunshine is the best
disinfectant yeah Michael avenatti is
bringing sunshine to this investigation
yes he is do you have any other teases
for us because you seem to always have
be teasing some other new big breaking
news well look what do we need to be
worrying about your joy here's what I'm
going to say okay if folks want to
continue to hide this stuff and cover it
up I think it's fantastic because I'm
gonna out them okay we're gonna out them
we're gonna bring all this stuff to
light so if you're out there and you
have stuff relating to your
relationships with Michael Cohen that
you're concerned are gonna come out you
should be concerned because they are
gonna come out so you better come clean
with the American people you better try
to get out in front of this period and
that's a stern warning this Saturday
morning Wow I live in Adi
Paul Butler Beth balsam Tim O'Brien
thank you guys very much and up next
more on coincides to Russia is
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
