over on trump TV the hosts have been
relentlessly pushing the idea the
viewers should vote Republican or face
the quote liberal mob last night is a
network we're pressing that narrative my
next guest appeared to get quite a
response when he made this point in the
last ten days Donald Trump used the name
George Soros so the first time in his
presidency and the guy had a pipe bomb
in his mailbox last night and we're
talking about whether or not whether or
not Sarah Sanders gets her corner and
put a pipe bomb in George why do you
think what do you think they did you
think it's just coincidence sighs George
Shaw because rich Donald Trump Jamie now
the man you saw in the clip well one of
them the one who wasn't laughing former
Hillary Clinton adviser fully brains the
laughter there seems less funny today
much less funny you know if you and I
had been talking on Monday morning we
could be having this exact same
conversation is Donald Trump responsible
for unleashing the hate and the hateful
vicious violent environment that we're
living in and I would have said then yes
the only difference between now and
Monday morning is that we've seen that
someone has acted on it and I know I'm
supposed to say that we don't know who
it is we don't know why they did it but
look well we don't we don't we don't and
you know you have people like Nick
Rasmussen who are more thoughtful and
you know hold back than I do
but this isn't John Hinckley who had
some crazy fetish with Jodie Foster or
the Unabomber who had some very
complicated 15 year long hatred of
industrialized America this is someone
who has weaponized Trump's Twitter feed
and made it into a hit list and even if
you want to give him the benefit of the
doubt we just saw him at this rally even
if he tones it down tonight which I
doubt he will who were zoomed tomorrow
but what we've seen to date is someone
who whips up the crowd he is addicted to
their response and they are response
they're addicted to his vitriol and
while he might think that he's just
putting on good TV all you need is one
person who doesn't realize that and one
person who think
it's okay to do this someone tried to
murder Barack and Michelle Obama Bill
and Hillary Clinton two sitting members
of Congress two former cabinet officials
and a news network this is not a
coincidence and now you're reporting Joe
Biden well let me ask you this I mean I
should note that the before the
president appeared at the rally tonight
they were already chanting locker robbed
which has become obvious kind of
incantation at these events but it seems
important to me to sort of maintain the
distinction between speech and violence
right so people say things in in the
context of American democratic exchange
and debate they can say that they're you
know they're their political opponents
represent a dire threat to the country
you can say about Exxon and fossil fuel
companies that they're literally
bankrupting the future of the planet
because of climate change right that's
distinct from whether a individual takes
it upon themselves to act in a violent
fashion and attributing cause is is I
just want to be careful about making
that attribution absolutely and look I
hope I'm wrong I hope a few days or a
week from now this turns out to be some
absolute wacko I don't know but there's
a difference between let's look at what
happened or what the right loves to
invoke which is the Steve Scalise
shooting yes he'd never heard a single
solitary Democrat saying well Scalise
voted this way he deserves it you just
never heard one today and you were
showing the clip you have Rush Limbaugh
you have Laura Loomer Candace Owens and
Coulter these people are literally
saying that this is a hoax this is a
different level of vitriol and nonsense
and we've seen and the problem with
Trump is that even if you want to give
him the benefit of doubt he has a sec
there's a second aspect to this he has a
unique opportunity and a unique
responsibility to do something about
this my voice is not equal to Donald
Trump your voice is not equal to Donald
Trump he can say this has to stop
these are not conspiracy theories the
that I have disagreements with John
Brennan
but this cannot happen he won't say that
the best we can hope for is that he
shuts his mouth tonight and doesn't call
Maxine Waters low IQ or all his various
other attacks well I should know that
some of the people you mentioned we're
not saying that the people who received
the bombs deserved it but rather it was
a plant and a hoax and a false flag and
one of the things of striking is the
president is never more than one stone's
throw away from the most insane fevered
and vile conspiracy theories because of
what he consumes it seems only a matter
of time until that someone gets that
before him well I think we need to be
honest here his you know I've been be
able to vote since every President
George HW Bush I don't know if you're
that much older younger than I am I
didn't vote for either Bush I didn't
support the Iraq war but I never for a
moment doubted that every president
before now woke up and wanted to do the
right thing for the entire country half
the country might have disagreed with
them but they wanted to what you have
now is you have a man who wakes up and
he only cares about 30 percent of
America and that 30 percent of America
doesn't want to see him try to do right
by the other 70% and they have
rationalized this entire n says
justifies the means and there is no
option they want this path of hatred and
that's the path we're stuck on and to
compare someone sending pipe bombs to
someone taking saris
fully insane right Phillip brains thanks
for being with me
thank you Chris hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
