welcome back President Trump is heading
to Iowa tonight for his latest campaign
rally as part of his efforts to help
Republicans keep control control of
Congress is that why he's going Iowa
anyway after I always off to
Pennsylvania tomorrow no hi on Friday
but none of those states are really
aware of the battleground is
particularly for the US Senate which of
course is the best way to use president
Trump these days and all of those states
are places mr. Trump won in 2016 all
part of breaking the breaking down the
big blue wall and where Republicans are
lagging a bit this time around so an
Iowa Republican Governor Kim Reynolds
congressman rod Blum and David Young are
all at risk of losing re-election and in
Pennsylvania the Democratic Senator Bob
Casey been leading by double digits in
polls against his Republican challenger
congressman Lou Barletta same goes in
Ohio for Democratic senator sherrod
Browns reelection race against
Republican congressman jim renee see by
the way the other thing these states all
have in common President Trump will need
them all if he's going to win a second
term in the White House joining me now
Larry Sabato director of the University
of Virginia's Center for politics and
Larry always good to see you sir Thank
You Chuck I it was it did strike me when
you see him going to western Iowa yes
there's part of the third congressional
district there you see him going to the
places Erie Pennsylvania he's going to
places that matter to him in 2020 it
appears more so than the candidates
themselves feels like this whole week
really is testing the reelect week well
Chuck that this is the president who
filed for re-election on the day was
inaugurated for the first term we've
never seen anything like this from from
a president so he's been running flat
out his reelection campaign is running
flat out and I think they know that even
if the Republicans hold the Senate given
the very Pro Republican map that exists
president Trump is in trouble in some of
these states he's fallen considerably in
approval and the the Midwest as a whole
seems to be flipping in the in the
midterm year all the states that he
carried are getting ready it appears to
either elect Democratic senators or
Democratic governors or both you know
it's interesting it's the one part of
the
wave that has gotten less attention we
made it our lead you've given it a lot
of attention we made it our lead today
in first read this sort of the big ten
states that was hugely important to
Barack Obama's election and re-election
it's what he how he held off Mitt Romney
and it was hugely important in Donald
Trump's when it appears to be tariffs if
I were to if you were to find an issue
that seems to there's sort of it even
though you talk to Trump voters
anecdotally and they say they're not
judging him yet but you can't help but
notice that as he threatened tariffs and
the AG tariffs got put in Republican
numbers started eroding in those Midwest
particularly the agricultural Midwestern
states no I think that's right because
after all those tariffs seemed to be
hurting people in the Midwest more than
other regions and let's not forget
another factor many of those Midwestern
states as we know because we we go a lot
they are the nice part of America
I'm not going to diss New York or
California but you don't get the time of
day for people they're the Midwesterners
may not react as well to some of the
things that President Trump says and
does and I think you pointed it out this
morning in the first read newsletter
this also reminds us that 2016 was a
choice it wasn't simply that people
decided to vote for Donald Trump in a
vacuum many of them were voting against
Hillary Clinton
maybe you dispute the the premise of it
but essentially it's it's a two-pronged
decision no I've always I've always said
the biggest error we made collectively
in the in the political handicapping
community I think was just treating 2016
as a referendum on Trump when it was
actually more of a referendum on her but
in fact let me ask you about comparing
16 and 18 a little bit one of the other
things I thought we all collectively
underestimated in 16 was the historical
headwind that she was facing I'm not
talking about gender the simple fact of
the country doesn't like to elect the
same party to three straight
presidential terms how much do you think
we're sometimes under estimating the
history that that the Republicans are
facing in 2018 just norm
history well we do it because if there
has ever been an abnormal presidency
we're in it and Trump has violated so
many of the rules of politics and so
many of the norms of politics that we
hesitate to say well history shows us
that X will happen therefore it will
happen under Trump but I'm with you if
you're saying that a red wave ain't
going to happen it's just a question of
how big the blue wave is it could be a
tsunami it could be a middle sized way
there could be a small wave but there's
going to be a blue wave when do you when
are you gonna feel more comfortable to
know the Cavanaugh effect and how
sustaining it is probably about I don't
know 9:30 10:00 p.m. on election night
but looking looking at polling it's we
got to have a week for this to settle
Chuck it's it's just too soon and
they're contradictory indicators right
now if I had to guess I'd say both
parties bases were stoked by this they
were energized by this but who was
lagging the Republicans people aren't
changing sides there are very few
persuadable z-- especially in a midterm
election right instead this is the
parties reaching people who are very
likely to turn out if they're energized
what is it one of it can convey as you
noted look President Trump is sort of
blown up norms and conventional wisdom
well nothing could blow up conventional
wisdom more if we truly have a to
America style election meaning Democrats
win 40 House seats and somehow
Republicans gain in the Senate now it's
a geographic a lot you could call it a
geographical anomaly in the Senate races
but I have to tell you I am struggling
to figure out how they would pick up 40
House seats and not at least be a net
neutral in the Senate well it is tough
until you look at the the map it's the
worst map either party is faced since we
start in popular elections for the
Senate over a century ago so I can see
how it will happen and interestingly the
academic models that predict these
elections and they did much better than
the rest of us they did in 2016
they're they're predicting just that
that demo
Kratz will pick up a lot of House seats
some say in the 20s some say in the 30s
goes up to 44 seats at the same time
they're saying Republicans will keep the
Senate and maybe even add a seat or two
you know it has happened we've had
several elections where that split
result has occurred Nixon's first
midterm in 19 well we have but to to see
a change in the control of one Congress
while the other party that loses gained
that we've never seen correct yeah no
you're you're right about that and of
course it fits right in does that's what
I think it with you
it's sort of like yeah that would just
be par for the Trump course and yes
actly the golfing analogy was on purpose
Larry Sabato as always sir thank you
Miami verse UVA next week so watch out
buddy
go Saints well you know who's gonna win
I'll see on the lawn I hope hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
