Donald Trump is not somebody who most of
us would believe is embarrassed by much
if anything but according to White House
chief of staff John Kelly the president
is quote somewhat embarrassed by Special
Counsel Robert Muller's investigation
Kelley suggested the investigation is
the elephant in the room when Trump
meets with foreign leaders here's part
of Kelley's interview that aired today
on NPR's Morning Edition from what I
read in the newspaper something that has
gone on this long without any real meat
on the bone it suggests to me that there
is nothing there relative to our
president is there a cloud because of it
hanging over this White House well yeah
you know it's there may not be a cloud
but certainly the president is somewhat
embarrassed frankly when world leaders
come in
you know Bibi Netanyahu was here and he
was under investigation himself and it's
like you walk in and you know the first
couple of minutes of every conversation
might revolve around that that kind of
thing when John Kelly was asked to
elaborate on the kind of thing he was
referring to we described the Russia
investigation as a distraction here's
what he said about that in a part of the
interview that was posted on NPR's
website it's just a distraction for him
he has you know he has said this himself
in the press or publicly that he really
wants to reach out and have a good
relationship with say Russia in the same
way he does with G from China and
hopefully Kim from North Korea but he's
but he's a little hesitant because of
what you say is a cloud joining us now
is Alina Maxwell director of progressive
programming for sirius XM radio maria
theresa kumar president CEO voto Latino
and an MSNBC contributor which makes me
the only person on the screen not
wearing some red right now welcome to
both of you
Serleena I'm I'm wow I don't know to
make of this where we're embarrassed the
president's a little bit embarrassed
because when he meets foreign leaders
like Netanyahu by the way who's under
investigation in his own country that's
the problem
well I think in a week where we learned
that there's a financial connection
between the Kremlin potentially and the
Trump campaign and his associates I just
find this a completely out of touch I
think John Kelly for for all the the
credit in his military career that he
rightly deserves and the thought that he
was going to reign in Donald Trump he
really done that he's essentially bought
into the thinking of the Trump
administration and thinking that the
Russia investigation is a distraction in
a moment like I said when we learned
that there's an even deeper connection
than we previously thought I think it's
it's just completely out of touch and it
demonstrates that all the integrity that
he built up in his military career is
essentially Washington well today he
lied about a congresswoman and what she
said exactly intelligence was to be
lying about her when he called her a
liar
Maria I want to just play something else
that that he said today in John Kelly
said today in the NPR interview this
time about immigration let's listen let
me just epic
and tell you that the vast majority of
the people that move illegally into the
United States are not bad people they're
not criminals are not ms-13 but they're
also not people that would easily
assimilate into the United States
they're overwhelmingly rural people in
the countries they come from fourth
fifth sixth grade education czar kind of
the norm so the disclaimer here Maria is
that I'm a double immigrant my I'm an
immigrant to Canada and then I'm an
immigrant to the United States and I'm
kind of glad that we didn't use his
rules when we built this great country
that we built from people who sometimes
came here with zero education and no
language skills well under those rules
his parents who his grandparents are
basically immigrated from Ireland
basically poverty-stricken and without a
penny his pocket John Kelly he himself
would not be here he forgets our history
and I think that is the danger of this
administration what makes America great
is that the moment that you literally
touch your feet your toe on this great
land is that you are American by
definition and that is what the danger
is this idea though is completely
xenophobic unfortunately it's leading
with bigotry and those bigotries
unfortunately because he is at the white
house at the ear of President Trump and
also in cahoots with Steve Miller is
translating into very slippery slope
dangerous policy
unfortunately this idea of separating a
family a mother and a child and
basically him shrugging his shoulders
and saying they could end up in foster
care or whatever really demonstrates how
callous this administration is that they
really have looked at this this
community coming from Central America
and dehumanize them they don't even have
values and that's not
you know the type of xenophobia is
Arlena that marie-therese of kumar is
talking about is common in other
countries where there is an ethnicity
from which that country has grown or you
know there there are sects and tribes
that's not actually our history in any
way we that we'd be reinventing
something to suggest that that is our
American history we sit here in New York
City where the the city would literally
fall apart yeah without immigrants I
mean to quote Hamilton immigrants get
the job done right in this city they
absolutely do it yet function and I
think that you know I'm an
african-american and so you know my
family is not part of the immigrant
experience but it would it would be the
same thing to deny the experience of
African Americans just completely
rewrite history and pretend that Irish
America is an Italian Americans they
were able to assimilate because they are
white right and so they were able to
essentially join the ranks of white
society in the United States in a
different way than Latinos and black
people have never been able to do that
right and so I think that this as I
agree with Maria Theresa when she says
that it xenophobia is essentially just
racism yeah and we used to use dog
whistles for this and this
administration has done away with the
dog whistles and they just essentially
say exactly what they say which is they
want people who are not from whole
countries they want people from white
countries like Norway and they also want
the immigrants who come here to be white
as well and to speak English and and
they're dehumanizing and demeaning
people who are not from those
backgrounds and I think the challenge
there is that it's not just that they're
saying it they're actually implementing
politically yes and that policy all of a
sudden if you look at what's happening
with secretary nielsen today she
basically said that her feelings were
hurt and she was about to resign she
wasn't gonna resign because what the
community right with the I would Isis
doing right now is tearing families
apart she was upset because she didn't
like the tone of what the president said
to her I encourage as Secretary Nielsen
to say imagine if that tone was an ice
agent knocking down your door wart
without a warrant saying I'm gonna take
you away from your child then you should
be then that's when you should really be
afraid okay stay with us both coming up
this weekend revealed some remarkable
news about Democrats and the midterm
elections we'll talk about that on the
other side
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
