there's a lot of noise out there and a
lot of hyperbole but our reporting
suggests based on what we've learned
this week that there was an actual pivot
point in the Trump investigation is the
revelation that his longtime loyal
personal attorney was operating this
secret slush fund and this could really
fundamentally reshape the understanding
of where this story is headed and you
know we've witnessed these kind of
moments before in the Watergate era a
former White House aide dropping this
bombshell during a Senate hearing in
July 1973 the Butterfield are you aware
of the installation of any listening
devices in the Oval Office of the
President I was aware of listening
devices yes sir can you imagine everyone
in that moment finding out there might
be tapes the tapes existed and we know
what came after that Nixon's downfall
now it's not always that dramatic of
course but there was another turning
point in the Reagan administration when
the world learned about this plot yes
another money trail from these arms
sales to Iran that had been illegally
diverted to the Contras the White House
disclosures that up to 30 million
dollars paid for arms sent to Iran was
secretly diverted to the Contra rebels
has only deepened the crisis confronting
President Reagan now the stakes are not
always high sometimes it's just about
whether there is some evidence that will
take you beyond conflicting accounts in
the investigations into Bill Clinton
which spanned many topics it was that
day that the rumors about a blue dress
became public tests are underway on a
navy blue cocktail dress which Lewinsky
turned over his evidence DC News has
learned that Lewinsky claims the dress
has physical evidence to support her
claim that she had a sexual relationship
with the president all these cases are
different but they have one thing in
common
prosecution is not really about crime
prosecution is almost always about
evidence where is it
who finds out about it and who can use
it and that's why this week's
disclosures of these secret money funds
are so important
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
