all right and thank you free to you for
at home for joining us this hour Rachel
has the night off
okay so it's Friday which these days
means there's a lot going on in the news
there are no slow news days anymore
we're learning more about the Russian
oligarch affiliated with an American
investment firm that paid half a million
dollars to Trump lawyer Michael Cohen
the president's chief of staff gave a
rare media interview which has been
making headlines all day or not in a
good way we'll talk about both of those
stories tonight plus new details about
that time EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt
security detail busted down the door of
his apartment for no reason remember
that you do not want to miss this story
and the new weird information about it
so like I said big show ahead but I want
to start tonight with this photo you
remember this photo it's the picture
that launched a thousand means this was
Donald Trump in May of last year on his
very first trip abroad as president to
Saudi Arabia there he was with the Saudi
King and the president of Egypt all with
their hands on that mysterious glowing
orb also there was the sword dance
look at him groove it was quite a trip
and for the Trump administration it had
to be a really nice distraction because
just days before that trip and that
sword dance robert muller had been
appointed special counsel to take over
the russia investigation and to look
into trump's firing of the FBI director
Jim Comey earlier that month but it
turned out the Trump trip to the Middle
East and the Muller investigation were
on a collision course
shortly after Trump got back from that
trip to Saudi Arabia he completely
upended his US foreign US foreign policy
in the Middle East by a tweet by backing
an aggressive move by Saudi Arabia
against the nation of Qatar a staunch
American ally that hosts a giant
American military base and for many
months that whole weird foreign policy
shake-up remained just that strange kind
of inexplicable but solely a foreign
policy issue and then our understanding
of that entire affair suddenly changed
radically what had been as far as we
knew two completely separate stories
Trump's seemingly seat of his pants
foreign policy in the Middle East and
the ever churning Muller investigation
suddenly it turned out they were
connected in March of this year we
learned that Muller's team was
investigating whether essentially the
Trump administration may have sided
against Qatar in its fight with Saudi
Arabia because Qatar declined to invest
in Jared Kushner troubled family real
estate project at 666 Fifth Avenue here
in New York City then we learned that
Muller was focused on a guy named Jorge
nadir who had been lobbying the White
House against Qatar and whether he may
have funneled money from cutters enemies
to Trump's campaign and then Jorge nadir
became a cooperating witness in the
Muller probe this is a phenomenon that
we're having to get used to in the Trump
era things we thought were completely
separate stories important and complex
and dark stories in their own right turn
out to be connected often in even darker
ways and we'd imagined well today it
appears to be happening again only the
turn around this time is apparently
getting shorter
this time we did not have to wait months
for two giant seemingly unconnected
stories to merge into a larger Trump
scandal this time it only took a week
let us recall how this week started on
Monday evening Jane Mayer and Ronan
Farrow at The New Yorker published this
deeply disturbing report of accounts by
four women two of them named on the
record who said they had been physically
abused by New York Attorney General Eric
Schneiderman and in what has to be some
kind of land speed record for cause and
effect Sneiderman resigned his office
within hours at the beginning of Monday
night's show Rachel was reporting on the
New York story interviewing Jane Mayer
about it by the end of Monday night's
show
Rachel's reporting on Schneiderman's
resignation it was lightning quick now I
know it seems like that was already
months ago but that really was just
Monday night so that's how the week
started then Tuesday brought new
revelations about Trump lawyer Michael
Cohen courtesy of a document released by
Michael avenatti the very able very TV
savvy lawyer for adult film actress
stormy Daniels who is suing Trump and
Cohen to get out of a non-disclosure
agreement covering allegations of an
affair with Trump on Tuesday Michael
avenatti released this document which
laid out several financial transactions
involving Cohen's Delaware registered
shell corporation essential consultants
LLC which was the vehicle that he used
to pay a hundred and thirty thousand
dollars in hush money to stormy Daniels
just before the 2016 election now we
learned from this document that
essential consultants was apparently so
much more than just an account to pay
hush money to one porn star it paid out
over a million dollars to Michael Cohen
himself and it took in a lot of money to
hundreds of thousands of dollars from
Korea airspace industries from AT&T from
global pharmaceutical giant Novartis and
these payments were last year while
Donald Trump was already president some
of them were even this year and yes
there was the half million dollar
payment from an American investment firm
linked to a Russian oligarch and what
it's pulled out over the rest of the
week is that all of these big companies
have confirmed that yes indeed they paid
Michael Cohen those amounts or in some
cases much more than those
and they've been frantically changing
and updating their explanations for why
they paid him and for what as they come
to realize that no one's buying the idea
that Michael Cohen was retained for by
some of the world's biggest corporations
for his health policy expertise or his
advice on how to restructure the
internal accounting systems for major
aerospace manufacturers oh and also
special counsel Robert Muller's team
spoke to these companies about their
payments to Michael Cohen months before
federal investigators raided Cohen's
office his home in his hotel room last
month even tonight this story continues
to unfold with the Wall Street Journal
reporting that Michael Cohen offered his
ostensible consulting services to Ford
Motor Company in January of last year
but Ford said no the journal reports
quote Muller's team has since requested
information from Ford about the outreach
including emails and records and has
interviewed Ford's head of government
affairs who was the person who rejected
Cohen's offer also tonight
Michael avenatti continues to tweet
teases about further information he
claims to have about Cohen's finances so
just this week what started out as a
story about hush money payments over an
alleged sexual liaison became a story
about some of the world's biggest
corporations pouring money into the
president's lawyers what we call it his
shlush Fundy LLC thingamajig and today
it turns out that this whole sordid
Michael Cohen consulting business now
appears to be tied up with the story it
started the week you may have seen this
tweet resurfaced this week a tweet that
looked like a really oppression 2013 era
Donald Trump predicting the Eric
Schneiderman scandal quote Weiner is
gone Spitzer is gone next will be
lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman is he a
crook wait and see worse than Spitzer or
Weiner well it turns out not only was
that tweet predictive of the actual
scandal but the way Trump may have known
to tweet that today became tied to the
Michael Cohen case - right now what's
happening in the Michael Cohen case is
that a special master appointed by the
court is going through all the materials
seized from Cohen's office his home is
tell room and making determinations
about what's protected by
attorney-client privilege and therefore
should not be turned over to federal
prosecutors in fact just today the
Special Master notified the court that
she has finished going through the first
batch of material and now lawyers for
Cohen and Trump have until Monday to
raise any objections to her decisions
but also today new twist this letter was
sent today to the judge in the michael
cohen case by a lawyer named Peter
Gleason and his story is a little
convoluted so stay with me here but
here's the bottom line
Gleeson says that in 2012 and 2013 he
was contacted separately by two women
who claimed to have been quote
victimized by the New York Attorney
General Eric Schneiderman Gleeson tells
the New York Times today that these two
women are not among the four women whose
a counsel reported in The New Yorker on
Monday these are two different women to
other women entirely Gleeson says that
he did not refer these women to the
Manhattan district attorney because he
did not believe or trust that the DA
would do anything about it
instead and here's where it gets weird
here is what he says he did quote I
discussed the matter with a retired
journalist by the name of Steven
Dunleavy
who suggested and offered to discuss the
matter with Donald Trump mr. Dunleavy
did indeed discuss this very matter with
mr. Trump as evidenced by a phone call
received from attorney Michael Cohen
during my communications with mr. Cohen
I shared with him certain details of
Schneiderman's vile attacks on these two
women the extent of mr. Cohen
memorializing any of our communications
is unknown however these two women's
confidentiality as victims of a sexual
assault should be superior to that of
any unrelated subpoena further it is
respectfully requested that the court
issue a protective order and seal any
and all correspondence that mr. Cohen
may have memorialized regarding our
communications which pertain to mr.
Schneiderman's assault on these two
women so this lawyer is saying to the
court if you find anything in Michael
Cohen's correspondence
about these two women please seal it and
make sure it does not get out and I have
so many questions for starters why would
this lawyer tell Donald Trump of all
people about these alleged sexual
assaults well just as a possibility
Sneiderman was going after Trump
University at the time so was Trump
collecting dirt on Schneiderman and if
so why was this lawyer giving it to him
and why is he admitting to it now why
did this lawyer write this letter at all
does he really fear that someone's going
to leak Cohen materials about these
women's allegations from years ago is
there some other endgame here honestly
what is going on here joining us now is
Emily Jane Fox senior reporter at Vanity
Fair and Paul Butler former federal
prosecutor and professor at Georgetown
School of Law okay Emily and Paul if
that was not complicated enough I have
to start with you on this Emily because
you of course are working on a book by
highly anticipated book about Donald
Trump the idea that if this lawyer finds
out about allegations about Schneiderman
who is investigating Trump at the time
does it make sense to you that instead
of this going to law enforcement it goes
to the tabloids who go right to Donald
Trump that there's a connection between
the tabloids and Donald Trump is the
least surprising chart of this story but
there are two things that just don't
make sense to me why this person would
go to a tabloid in the first place
perhaps to get it published and the
second more confusing thing is why
didn't on the Trump use it if he knew
about it this is someone who does not
part with his money lightly and he ended
up settling for I believe 25 million
dollars in the Trump University cases we
had this dirt on him
it would be very surprising to me that
he didn't use it to oust Schneiderman
earlier and the other thing is this went
through according to this attorney just
went through Michael Cohen yeah and
Michael Cohen is a self-described fixer
so why wouldn't he have fixed that
problem for Donald Trump so there are a
couple of things that don't necessarily
add up to me but as with many things in
this story I'm sure we'll have a drip
drip drip of information right possibly
get an answer at some point or possibly
not so having
a lot about Donald Trump and just for
those who are not familiar with New York
and this the the Trump New York of the
90s late 80s and early 90s when he was
really in his heyday how did he interact
with the tabloids and how extensively
did he very extensively this is someone
who used to pretend had a suit anymore
several student names Don Barron exactly
calling in the stories about himself to
the tabloids and he had a very public
divorce mostly because he would plant
stories about the divorce himself right
so this is someone who had a very close
relationship I believe there's one story
that I came across in my reporting for
the book where reporters had just
stopped talking to him as a source at
one point because his name was quoted so
often that people worried that their
readers would have fatigue seeing Donald
Trump's name and so he was such an easy
guy to get on the phone to comment on
the record about anything yeah he was
like that in the campaign exactly yes
but they had to stop calling him and
just lastly did would Michael Cohen have
ever been involved was he in the middle
of those kinds of transactions because
it is interesting that since Trump had a
direct relationship with these tabloids
this lawyer finds out this information
but he goes to a tablet who goes to
Cohen it was that typical for Cohen to
be that kind of a fixer to be them in
the middle of the tabloids giving dirt
on essentially an opponent a prosecutor
who could be out to get him and being a
you know sort of a go-between between
that person and Trump Michael Cohen has
a very thick rolodex of reporters that
he also knows and as we know he had
conversations with in touch and was
closest to David Becker who owns a mi
z'l Inquirer so this is someone who also
grew up in New York and and in that
world in the 80s and 90s and in 2002
relating to tabloids and other reporters
and news outlets and so it wouldn't be
shocking that there was a relationship
there but this the way it is described
this relationship I have more questions
than answers and you know Paul so let's
get to this so during this period on
Trump obviously is embroiled in a pretty
big legal case that the Trump University
for which he has Emily pointed out
settled big bucks there's also the
question of whether or not some
donations that went to Pam Bondi who's
the Attorney General of Florida was
related to the fact that Florida was
starting to look into Trump University
as well if Donald Trump is solving his
Trump universe
see problems potentially that way with
one da and potentially has copper Mott
basically on his local hometown da it
does beg the question what do you do
with it why to use it is there something
illegal about I don't know it is just a
strange case it's very strange and one
of the other people Schneiderman is
going after his Trump's own son so he's
got real beef Trump does against
Sneiderman so if he's got this really
damaging evidence
why wouldn't he use it the only thing
that makes this juicy it is kind of like
a page-turner
is how did Trump know to lop Sneiderman
with Weiner and Spitzer when he does
that in 2013 and part of the big story
about Schneiderman is until recently
nobody suspected about comics about them
but again Weiner Spitzer their sexual
improprieties Trump lumps Sneiderman in
their high daddy no yeah so that
provides I don't know if you'd say
credibility to Gleeson Leeson's wacky
colorful weird but some kind of way
Trump knew something was up and and
publicly tweet about it and so the other
question then would be this question of
asking the court to seal the information
we already now know about these other
four women what do you make of that
request and I'll seal the information
about these two women the judge was like
you want to give me some law because
it's not a Turing client privilege
because Cohen wasn't representing any of
these people Leeson is saying is that
these women had privacy issues that's
not a legal claim and so the judge says
the letters fine even though you did
misspelled Schneiderman but put some law
on this because the judge doesn't know
what to do yeah and the question I guess
would be then given the fact that we do
have a record of Michael Cohen being the
go-between to pay women you know in
certain case I mean it because this is
now connected to the Cohen case could
these woman's identity be discoverable
would it be relevant in any way since
Cohen is now involved so collusion
collision this is like weig messy
because this LLC is just doing all this
stuff so we knew it was about these
payments to stormy Daniels now ATT AT&T
is involved
all these other corporations and this
Russian oligarch so again that's the
connection to collusion we go from
stormy to co-ed to Russians to trump
because Cowen's the fixer how are all
these stores related it doesn't seem
possible and yet they're all related all
the time everything in Fox feed a
reporter at Vanity Fair thank you very
much Paul Butler
thank you very much former federal
prosecutor in our very own MSNBC
contributor thank you all very much and
much more to come tonight
up next the Republicans latest plan to
try and shut down the Muller
investigation and what some Democrats
are trying to do to stop it stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
