they do it they do valiant work every
day trying to get some some semblance of
truth or at least to expose the
hypocrisy and the lies the Baghdad Bob
nosov it from the the from the podium
but if you're asking me like how they
tolerate it how they live with it like
what how they I mean I know they have
more fortitude that I have I I could not
go down there and do a Kristin Walker I
could not I would I would I would slit
my throat after about maybe two of those
briefings advise to sit in that room
every day they've let me let you back in
I heard you try to say something well
I'll tell you the difference between
sarah sanders in baghdad bob is that if
baghdad Bob didn't say what Saddam
Hussein wanted him to say Baghdad Bob
would have been shot
Sarah Sanders is lying of her own
volition she stands up there every day
as a willful participant baghdad bob was
a hostage Sarah Sanders is an accomplice
as is the entirety of the political
operation of the White House they're all
in it together they serve an ADA based
administration that's dividing the
country hurting America pitting
Americans against each other because
obviously that's what they believe is
the right thing to do for them to
maintain the per per Equus it's it parts
of their powerful possessions that's
what the difference is hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
