I mean this departure certainly scenes
amicable there is no drama or shame or
scandal around it that's somewhat rare
for this White House what's your take I
think there was great purpose stuff in
this morning's sort of appearance the
joint appearance at the White House
clearly the optic was to do indicate
just that right we're friends we're
getting along I like her she's very
capable very competent but I think what
nikki Haley is an incredibly the word
deft has been used about her as a
politician a taxied yes yes George W
Bush would say there's a lot of
strategic but but but in all seriousness
I don't mean this pejoratively she is a
politician who seeks opportunity when it
comes
because Republican congressman from
South Carolina Mark Sanford earlier
today said mm-hmm sound a note smell
right
yeah it's South Carolina and a lot of
things don't always smell right in
politics I think we might be
overthinking this there's a lot of
things you can look at Donald Trump over
and his presidency the way people come
and go and you might be able to say yeah
there's something going on here I'm not
sure that I think nikki Haley did her
two years she wants to get out before
another building burns and she may be
doing it just the right point for her
brand okay then to that exact point
Jonathan the White House right now is
celebrating sort of the clearest wins
they have we you haven't heard much
about robert muller or the russia
investigation in a big way they're
coming off NAFTA 2.0 and a time when
unemployment is 3.7 percent stock market
hitting record numbers is it surprising
to you that she'd walk out now and we
can't forget Brett Kavanaugh was just
confirmed which is a dicey road for
women for Republican right so in a
normal functioning White House this
announcement is well right but this
announcement would not have happen until
after the midterm elections the chief of
staff usually sends out a message that
says if you were thinking of quitting
you've got to make that announcement by
this state because from basically Labor
Day on we want it just be stable and
focus that's a great point because it's
not she's leaving until the end of the
year why announce it now right she's got
days she could not hold this
announcement for 28 days and yet in her
resignation letter she said she will be
there until January 2019 so you know
when when congressman Mark Sanford
former governor of South Carolina mark
Sanford says on MSNBC that something
doesn't smell right pay attention to him
because just google it folks if you
don't remember what happened with Mark
Sanford appellations right so there is
there is something Appalachian Trail
somebody offers by Wright David to that
point
I mean nikki Haley Argentina excuse me
nikki Haley has been loud at one of the
president's longest-serving top aides
great work at the UN and we're 28 days
away from the midterm it's not like
she's quitting tomorrow she's going to
stay until the end of the year why would
this happen now well I think that's the
big question and you know I think they
tried to put a brave face on it tried to
make it look good and amicable but of
course she could have waited for weeks
and she didn't she also submitted the
resignation last week I think they may
have felt they dodged a bullet because
if it were announced last week it would
look directly like it was related to the
Cavanaugh thing they pushed it off to
now but now you've got to ask why before
the election and I think there are a
couple of possibilities one is there's
some ethics violations that are swirling
up around her regarding the use of some
private jets and that sort of thing and
she may have not wanted to be a
distraction prior to the election
there's also a lot of bad blood between
her and the national security advisor
John Bolton who's notoriously anti UN
she's had a bad run with the State
Department didn't get along very well
with Rex Tillerson at all it's a little
better with Pompeo but clearly the last
un visit went badly the president was
laughed at by the entire world and I
think she was a little frustrated that
she was not more in the loop and able to
influence that but something made her
snap it made her snapped last week it
made her say I'm not going to wait until
the election and when we find out what
that is it's going to be
real interesting story but did she snap
or didn't she's leaving while sitting
next to the president very clearly
saying to America I'll be supporting
this guy in 2020 going out of her way I
think she called Jared a hidden genius
with his work on trade Patrick you said
earlier you said a moment ago she's
depth but you said on Twitter
she's a tactical politician more likely
she got a better offer what does a
better offer look like and you believe
it's one that the president approves of
yeah I think we're use our olfactory
skills here what I smell is opportunity
for Niki yeah what is that well we don't
have that could be a corporate
opportunity that could be something
outside of direct politics I think that
she's a here's the thing about her 46
years old two-term governor very
accomplished in my party she's a very
good narrative optic for morons
we could use more smart women like nikki
Haley I think I think so for sure but
but for sure nikki Haley is got
something going here
I think we're looking at smoke and
smelling thought and seeing fire I'm not
sure that's the case and I wouldn't
overthink this too much all right I want
to go back I was joking about does the
name rhyme with shame Ivanka but nikki
Haley did go out of her way I just said
that she called Jared a hidden genius
but I want to share more of what she
said about Jared no banca I can't say
enough good things about Jared no vodka
Jared is such a
genius that no one understands I mean to
read you the naff to be all the way he
did what I've done working with him on
the Middle East peace plan it is so
unbelievably well done and Ivanka has
been just a great friend and they do a
lot of things behind the scenes that I
wish more people knew about so take that
at face value that is the narrative that
Ivanka and Jared have been pushing all
along all that we do behind the scenes
right and Jared is largely credited with
this knapped a 2.0 a deal that'll be
tough for Democrats to even turn down do
you think Ivanka could be next in line
while Senate confirmation would be tough
for her she could get appointed in
recess get herself back to New York and
be on a world tour wait why are we
talking that whole clip was about Jared
so why not have it be Jared instead of
Ivanka now there have been lots of
stories particularly in Washington about
how the two of them desperately want to
come back to New York how they Jared's
goal is to get the business community is
to get corporate America loving him
because that's who he wants to be his
peers that's what he's going to go home
to in New York and largely they're
pretty happy with him especially around
the tax cuts and now NAFTA 2.0 Ivanka
has a very different approach and Ivanka
loves those international trips where
she sort of in that very public space
you're generally not a public guy and
she literally sat in the president's
chair on that trip I believe it was just
to Saudi Arabia and so in that regard
optically maybe she didn't maybe she
should be considered for the next UN
ambassador but it is still it goes back
to the overall story about them wanting
to get out of Washington come back to
New York and what better way to come
back to New York then as one of them
being the US ambassador that Jonathan I
think the big thing here is look these
two they are a brand together the vibe
is plenty great on her own but the two
of them together they're like the
Clintons in Reverse in a much better way
vodka tonic I think Ivanka Trump has put
a better face on her father
I think she's much more admired by many
people in this country again a younger
accomplished younger woman who happens
to be
as I said before we could use a few more
of those I still think that these guys
have pushed back from the administration
we haven't seen much of them yet I think
they still have an awful lot of control
the fact that nikki Haley brought this
up this morning means one of two things
either she's got something gone that
would be directly related something
Jared and/or Ivanka are doing or she's
an ex Trump campaign manager I'm not
sure which but stay with me on that
because I find it very interesting she
is a newer younger more poised and
graceful face to Donald Trump but from a
policy perspective what is it you can
definitely point to jared whether it's
around what he's done with israel or
what he's done with the breed what
specifically has Ivanka done well I'm
not sure Ivanka's road-testing a job
opportunity here but when you say she's
so great she suggests I'm not I'm not
sure about her diplomatic credentials
I'm not talking about her ability in
public policy I'm talking about the fact
that she's been a very good face of this
administration she has been very very
good for Donald Trump and the Trump
brand at a time when occasionally the
president gets himself in trouble so if
I'm if I'm a voter and I don't I don't
consider myself a Democrat or Republican
I just AM somebody who wants to live a
better life
why is Ivanka Trump someone who serves
me because I get how Donald Trump is
right from a cultural perspective the
wars he creates speaks to his base and
from a policy perspective he is fearless
in his no-holds-barred approach
barreling through and getting stuff done
but when you say Ivanka is so good for
Donald Trump in what way I hate to say
this it sounds very shallow Ronco Trump
Trump he's a celebrity she's become a
celebrity we are in a culture right now
we're right or wrong we've we've got
we're electing people to office at least
in the case of Donald Trump largely
based on his celebrity he says it again
and again I'm not sure that I'm not
suggesting she's ready to be a cabinet
secretary but I am suggesting that
America is somewhat smitten with Ivanka
Trump that's all I have in a in a job
well in an administration where the
president plays to his base and the base
feels like the president doesn't get
enough credit and a president for whom
family is everything and he's putting
family members all around him
it makes sense that he would even think
about putting say Ivanka in the in that
job because then it's someone he knows
someone he trusts and someone who will
do exactly what he wants her to do so
her policy chops don't matter here last
point to you let's pump the brakes here
a little bit okay I mean you know Ivanka
Trump is under investigation by the
state of New York for problems with
their charity if you want to go in and
elect you know it nominate a celebrity
for this job why don't we go over the
White House now the president's having
lunch with Kanye Kanye is just as
qualified as a vodka he's a celebrity
that is not fair excuse me that Ivanka
is under investigation with regard to
the family's charity but she's without a
doubt more qualified for the job and she
has spent the last two years in
Washington you cannot there's no let's
see between Kanye and I'm sorry what
well you may believe that but and I
respect that but the reality is what
Ivanka Trump is going out and done is a
lot of photo ops she's achieved nothing
substantive she sat in the president's
chair meanwhile she's been getting trade
marks for her business along the way
she's been involved in a whole bunch of
ethical issues that raise a lot of
eyebrows and I don't think there is
anything substantive that anybody can
point to that suggests she's a
legitimate candidate to be an ambassador
for the US other than the fact that
she's genetically related to the
president who has suggested that we've
had a little fun with this today
Stephanie but I don't think anyone
really believes Donald Trump is
considering Ivanka it is well I was just
let me take that gossip I got a $2.00
bet with you right here I'm gonna take
you to the dollar back mommy's not
$10,000 MIT Romney a $2.00 bet that at
the very least she's on a short list to
be ambassador to the United but the
bottom line is our bed is she doesn't
become ambassador to the US you know I
get to if she does willing to lose the
two bucks all right let's go let's go
for it couldn't find me a very easy Zach
he knows how to sell out sneakers
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
