next week we will finally open the
American Embassy in Jerusalem I said
when is it gonna be open
they said anywhere from five to ten
years so I said unless they give me an
extension for the presidency that of
course was President Trump and his
campaign style rally in Indiana last
night talking about moving the US
Embassy to Israel in Israel from Tel
Aviv to Jerusalem the move officially
takes effect on Monday which the
Palestinian Authority has declared a day
of rage in protest this follows the
controversial order the president issued
last December overturning decades of
u.s. policy it is time to officially
recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel
that's president Trump wading into one
of the biggest minefields of the
israeli-palestinian conflict Jerusalem I
am also directing the State Department
to begin preparation to move the
American Embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem contested for decades in 1947
the newly formed United Nations voted to
partition Palestine into two states one
Arab and one Jewish Jerusalem a city
wholly to three religions was
deliberately left out of both and
assigned a separate status under UN
administration but in the ensuing
arab-israeli war Jewish forces seized
West Jerusalem for the new State of
Israel while Arab forces led by Jordan
seized East Jerusalem partitioning the
city in two in 1950 Israel moved its
capital from Tel Aviv to West Jerusalem
a move opposed by the United States and
the international community in 1967
Israel occupied East Jerusalem during
the six-day war and later annexed it a
move that never gained international
recognition most countries including the
u.s. continue to base their embassies in
Tel Aviv
not Jerusalem because of the city's
unresolved status Israel continues to
claim the whole of Jerusalem as its
undivided capital while Palestinians
want East Jerusalem to be the capital of
their future state we are not taking a
position of any final status issues but
critics say the president's move just
favors one side over the other and to
drive the point Israelis are naming a
square near the new embassy after you
guessed it Donald Trump hey MSNBC fans
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
