a top White House communications aide
mock Senator John McCain's brain cancer
diagnosis three sources with direct
knowledge to l NB C News White House
staffer special assistant Kelly Sadler
said he's dying anyway
it comes after McCain a former POWs
his opposition to president Trump's CIA
nominee Gina Haskell who faced tough
questions for her role in controversial
interrogation tactics after 9/11
prompting a sharp backlash from some
conservatives the fact is is John McCain
it worked on John that's why they call
him songbird John he's a war hero
because he was captured I like people
that weren't captured okay I hate to
tell you it's the latest in a bitter
back-and-forth between the two men
except the one senator who came into a
room at three o'clock in the morning and
went like that we would have had health
care too we would had health care too
we got a bad note the evening that we
were going to terminate Obamacare we got
you know about that right that was not a
nice thing one US official telling us
these comments from a White House aide
are quote despicable vile and completely
unacceptable
McCain's close friend Senator Lindsey
Graham reportedly saying nobody is
laughing in the Senate if you have
someone that is so devoid of any
morality any humanity any kindness then
yes that we can't be shocked that we're
going to see that the people who work
for him once you remember too that
Senator McCain was captured during a war
in which President Trump received five
deferments from when his plane was shot
down we should when he was in captivity
he passed up early release a prisoner of
war for almost 2,000 days tortured and
beaten taken to the hospital I fell in
love with my country when I was a
prisoner in someone else's when mr.
Trump said that he prefers to be with
people who were not captured well the
great honor of my life it was to serve
in the company of heroes I'm not as you
go so we're coming to you at a time when
poking fun at the impending death mavey
former Navy fighter pilot a prisoner of
war a longtime public servant who is now
battling brain cancer that appears to be
fair game and we are so scratching our
heads over comments about Senator John
McCain today it is from a top White
House communications a communications
aide for president Trump her name is
Kelly Sadler she reportedly joked that
there's no need to worry about McCain's
opposition to the CIA director nominee
because McCain is quote dying anyway and
it's not just her you just heard a
moment ago a Fox News commentator
boasting that torture worked on Senator
John McCain that commentator referred to
McCain
as songbird John so let me remind you
about this songbird in question john
mccain is a third generation military
man who graduated from one of president
Trump's favorite military institutions
the Naval Academy in 1958 while flying
his 23rd mission in the Vietnam War
McCain's bomber jet was shot down he was
able to eject from the plane but broke
both his arms and a leg in the process
Senator McCain landed in a lake wearing
50 pounds of gear and he sank to the
bottom he was only able to escape
drowning by using his teeth to pull an
inflatable life preserver McCain was
pulled out of the lake by a group of
people who then beat kicked and stabbed
him multiple times only then was he
thrown in a Vietnamese prison without
any medical attention for days McCain
then survived in solitary confinement
for two years McCain was offered early
release but turned it down because he
refused to leave until those American
prisoners who were jailed before him
were released after that he was beaten
every two to three hours for days he
survived when even more broken bones and
cracked ribs occurred in all McCain
spent 2008 days in captivity that's five
and a half years he did not see his wife
and his children for a total of six
years the government awarded John McCain
the Silver Star the Purple Heart the
bronze medal the Navy Combat Action
Ribbon the Prisoner of War Medal and
many many more he then went on to spend
31 years serving his country as a u.s.
senator so let me recap for you White
House communication aide Kelly Sadler
Senator John McCain survived being blown
out of the sky sinking to the bottom of
a lake five and a half years of torture
and is now battling brain cancer and
mrs. Sadler if you wonder about his time
in captivity please I invite you to
watch him walk to this day he walks with
a limp and he cannot
his arms above his shoulders so please
tell us again mrs. Sadler how Senator
John McCain he doesn't matter Senator
John McCain matters he's a great
American who fought and nearly died
multiple times for the freedoms you and
I enjoy every single day
Kelly Sadler said that she meant it as a
joke there's nothing funny about joking
about John McCain in that context John
McCain is a man you can disagree with on
policy he will debate you he has debated
all of us on TV he's debated in his
presidential campaigns on stage he's
worthy of that debate because he's
fought for that freedom to do so but
joking about his heroism and talking
about how he doesn't matter there may be
a few Americans who matter as much as
John McCain without a doubt some have
said well what does it say about these
people who leaked that Kelly Sadler said
this she was joking you're right what
does it say that people leaked what does
it say about an environment so toxic
that your colleagues are a out to get
you or be find your words so
reprehensible
they need to tell others and John Kelly
you are the chief of staff of that White
House please we'd love to hear an
apology joining us now is MSNBC
terrorism analyst and retired US Navy
veteran Malcom Nance a man who knows
many of the former prisoners of war held
captive alongside John McCain Malcolm
there's just you know like I said John
McCain makes himself fair game for all
sorts of things and he always takes the
high road in these issues including
against President Trump who insulted his
heroism during the campaign and again as
president what do you have to say about
this well I can't understand why he
would take the high road about that
maintaining the dignity and the honor of
serving in the United States Armed
Forces in particular the United States
Navy where I served is something that he
should he should crow about proud and
loud every day but he has chosen to to
hold his fire and and to keep his powder
dry but let me tell you something I've
met John McCain I'm an old navy chief
petty officer and John McCain told me
everything he ever learned came from a
navy chief and it's my job to
recalibrate people up and down the chain
of command when they have a problem and
on this particular subject I'm going to
speak for him as a chief
this is disgraceful the way people have
spoken about him I taught at the Navy
survival evasion resistance in escaped
school I met Admiral Stockdale the
senior ranking officer of the Hanoi
Hilton numerous times
Doug heck doll at the sere advisor was
the young man who memorized the name of
every person in the Hanoi Hilton to the
tune of old McDonald's I met him every
day for five years and they loved John
McCain he served with honor he returned
with honor he kept the faith and anyone
that says anything about his career is a
disgrace they are disgusting and I'm
sorry we are having a crisis of honor
here yeah and those comments from that
woman in the White House obviously come
from the president and general Kelly
needs to recalibrate that all right
let's talk about that because we know
John McCain is not the most wholehearted
supporter of the Trump administration he
has come on more than one occasion
speaking out against the president but
he endorsed the White House chief of
staff John Kelly for his first post as
Homeland Security Secretary and let's
share that should he be confirmed as he
deserves to be I'm confident he will be
he will be entitled to the appellation
quote the honorable few cabinet
secretaries will have deserved it more
in many ways John McCain has been a good
soldier for the GOP why aren't people
like John Kelly rushing to his defense
today I have no earthly idea if general
Kelly wants to maintain the title of
being known with honor as a general in
the Marine Corps and I would like to
speak to him right now all right
straighten out your staff fire that
staffer because John McCain's honor
exceeds any person's employment as a as
a representative or an employee of the
United States government and as a Marine
general he knows better and I shouldn't
have to come here and have to explain
that to him people have spoken too close
to the White House have said the bigger
issue is that there are toxic people out
to get Kelly Sadler and the leaking do
you think the leaking is the issue that
has nothing to do with this this is a
matter of a person who is in the employ
of the United States government who
out here who will be smarts the honor
and dignity of a combat veteran like
John McCain let me tell you something
that you didn't play about John McCain
before he was shot down over there over
North Vietnam but over Hanoi he was on
the USS Forrestal sitting in his jet
when a rocket went off and blew up every
jet around him killing 134 people after
getting out of a burning plane he helped
fight that fire alright that showed he
has bravery and courage above and beyond
his call when he was shot down in an
annoying lton so that's something we all
need to take into account I don't know
mr. Sadler but I don't think she should
work for the United States government
anymore Malcolm let's not forget how
this started John McCain tweeted I
believe Gina Haskell is a patriot who
loves our country however her role in
overseeing the use of torture is
disturbing and her refusal to
acknowledge tortures immorality is
disqualifying John McCain tweeting about
a policy issue about not only something
he feels strongly but something has
direct experience with as a victim of
torture John McCain cannot be said to be
anything but a patriot who is hawkish
really on most things he just thinks
torture is wrong the right response to
John McCain would have been a policy
response not an insult about you know
whether he matters or not
absolutely look I got into the debate I
waded into debate about torture I was
one of the first people to identify what
happens during waterboarding you know
waterboarding that was used in the CIA
program came from my school in Coronado
California John McCain knows it
personally
he had far worse than waterboarding the
whelen but that's a policy discussion
what we're having here is a discussion
of dignity decency and honor and all of
them have been violated in this and that
of course as I like to believe that
requires this young lady to remove
herself from our employees she can no
longer represent us in the White House
and if anyone above her in the chain of
command who's in the Armed Forces sees
her they should remind her of that fact
every day Malcolm thank you so much for
sharing your thoughts I want to point
out to you Ally
Kelly Sadler works in the communications
department so her skill set is
communication so at the very least it's
it's unfathomable to be
to someone whose professional expertise
is exactly that like this as Malcolm
points out in this White House it is
acceptable to denigrate John McCain and
that's that's well you know permission
in this newsroom it's not hey MSNBC fans
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
