time for money power politics sunday is
Mother's Day when Americans salute all
the hard work their moms do for them but
here's a special hats off to say at home
moms and some dads raising kids because
they work really really hard thanks to a
survey commissioned by the Welsh's juice
company we now know how hard on average
stay-at-home moms say they spend 14
hours a day focused on three things
child care homework and meals and moms
they say they work non-stop from 6:23 in
the morning to 831 in the evening on
average that's real unpaid work done
every day of the week of course
including weekends and holidays put
together that works out to the
equivalent of two and a half jobs the
hard work stay-at-home parents do is
backed up by hard data from the United
Nations
according to the UN even when you factor
in all the moms out there working in the
labor force on average women still do
double the unpaid work that men do to
raise a family
all that housework and childcare is
really important not just for our
family's well-being but for everyone
mom's work contributes to something
economists call household production and
according to one study by the Bureau of
Economic Analysis economic output would
see a boost of as much as 26 percent if
household production was included in GDP
figures joining me now is my dear friend
Tiffany defu she's the author of drop
the ball achieving more by doing less
and for any of you out there who are
sick of watching me on television and
wondering why on earth I do this for a
living
blame her she is the one person who gave
me the confidence and the push to
actually make this move so blame it on
this lady well congratulations you were
the best investment that I think any of
us ever made I appreciate it let's talk
about a different investment mothers yes
you call stay-at-home mothers the unpaid
labor force that's an extraordinary term
and at the very least if they are should
we be offering a tax deduction some sort
of acknowledgement absolutely I think
that we should I call people have this
turn
stay-at-home mom and I think it's
ridiculous because all moms are working
moms and I recently posted on Facebook
that they work 2.5 full-time jobs the
equivalent of 2.5 full-time jobs if you
added up the GDP of mothers and their
labor globally it would amount to 26
trillion dollars according to McKinsey
and so I absolutely think that they
should be compensated in some way is
that one of the reasons women don't go
back to work they can't afford to if you
factor in child care costs
transportation what to do with your kids
in the afternoon is it that women simply
can't get jobs and afford to take care
of their families well absolutely so
what happens is that all of the unpaid
labor that includes the carpooling the
laundry the cleaning the childcare holds
women back it sucks their energy and
their bandwidth to be able to
participate in the paid labor force this
is if they're not in it they might have
opted out but it also is true for women
who work full time in the labor force
because those women can't make it to the
top they're tired they don't have a lot
of energy it's part of the reason why I
wrote drop the ball and still even if
they're paying someone else to take care
of some of those duties there's still
the labor of managing that so for
example I spend every Sunday night an
hour and a half writing an email to my
babysitter letting her know the schedule
for a family for the weekend everything
that she needs to do my husband is not
writing that email so there's labor even
if you can afford to pay people to do
some of the tasks is one of the issues
the way we're looking at parental leave
for example we're celebrating the fact
that we're now saying well we're gonna
give father's two weeks off when babies
are born the issue is far greater than
when you're on maternity leave you don't
have that baby for 12 weeks you've got
them forever and it's the 18 years
you're taking care of those children and
there are no jobs that coincide with a
school schedule they're not giving me a
two-week vacation come spring break
exactly so those are band-aids we
appreciate me celebrate the band-aids
because as you know the United States
lags far behind other developed
countries in terms of the amount of
leave that it gives its families but
it's very true that what we need are
public policies that allow for
affordable childcare for working
families across the board we also need
businesses we need organizations that
really care about performance over the
amount of time that you're putting in
and create flexible work arrangements
that allow people to be able to be
corporate citizens but also to take care
of their families are we looking at
school schedules in the wrong way
because we're looking at programs cut
some who say well we're not seeing
positive results with kids who have
after-school programs or we don't need
to offer breakfast before school starts
a lot of those things aren't just to
benefit the kids they're to work for
families if kids stayed at school until
five o'clock and did their
extracurriculars and that was part of
the school day that would give parents
the chance to actually work normal jobs
that weren't just freelance absolutely
so that's another critical part of this
is that we haven't made very much
progress I mean we're still the school
schedule hasn't changed with the
industrial era we're still assuming
they're still on June Cleaver school
schedule and she doesn't exist in the
real world
exactly and unfortunately those kinds of
programs are getting cut and slashed
more and more what is your you speak to
women speak to mothers every day what's
the one message you want them to know
especially ahead of Mother's Day well
first of all I wish them a Happy
Mother's Day and thank them for all of
their labor
but I also encourage them to reach out
to their communities to create community
in fact I'm launching a new network on
Monday called at the crew because women
spend so much time supporting other
people I think that they need a crew of
people who are supporting them so I
encourage them to find your village find
your network find your crew and get the
help that you need because we know that
everything's on you build your village
build your crew you need a network
around you that we can't be doing this
alone and I know I don't because this
woman is in mind Tiffany thank you so
thank you for having me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
