all right it's time as promised Steve
Rattner has it's time Joe we've been
teasing it for an hour and finally the
hour is upon us Steve Rattner has new
charts on the latest economic numbers
Steve what do you have well I think it's
the question really of how good is this
economy under Donald Trump he obviously
says it's the greatest ever in history
and but let's look at a few numbers that
might give us a better sense of what's
actually going on there so let's start
with jobs we have been creating a lot of
jobs under Donald Trump an average of
one hundred eighty seven thousand a
month but under President Obama since
the economy hit bottom in late 2010 we
created 200 and 1,000 jobs a month so
the rate of job growth has actually
declined a bit that's not actually
that's surprising and at the end of a
bull market at the end of a strong
recovery but it's really hard to claim
that there's been some transformation in
the economy on the jobs front if you
then look at another measure of economic
progress which is wage growth probably
in some ways more important something I
suspect Dan Balz is going to talk a bit
about when he comes on you see a fairly
similar pattern you've had very very
small growth in real wages meeting
adjusted for inflation under Trump 0.4
percent under Obama 0.8 percent and in
fact last month wages actually went down
a little bit because inflation have
picked up when you adjust for the
inflation so in fact can I can I stop
you right there Steve of course a lot of
economists can't figure out exactly
what's going on there usually basic laws
of supply and demand would mean that
when you have more more jobs out there
when the when more people are being
hired when the unemployment rate is down
to three point nine percent even though
job participation rate is historically
very low that usually means that
employers need to pay more money a lot
of economists were scratching their
heads last last week saying why did
unemployment go down but wages are still
depressed still flat yeah that's a great
question Joe and I have one chart I'll
get to in a second on it one piece of it
but it's a complicated answer and it
goes all the way from things like
globalization and if that competition
from lower-cost labor abroad the
companies can access include stronger
power on behalf
of corporations partly because unions
are weaker but also because I'll give
you a very simple quick example there
are cases where fast-food chains when
they hire a fast-food worker actually
make them sign non competition
agreements that if they leave they won't
work for another fast-food chain in that
area and the result is that gives the
companies much more power over wages but
on your point about labor force
participation let's just take a look at
another chart on one other aspect of
this which is the fact that there has in
fact been a noticeable not huge but a
noticeable increase in labor force
participation on the part of what we
call prime age men men men 25 to 54 so
Donnie and I don't make the cut here but
the people actually work hard those
younger guys they're starting to come
back into the labor force about about
700,000 and come back in the last year
so and that also keeps pressure on wages
from getting from getting too high and
then lastly from talks about having
created the greatest investment climate
in history and how businesses are adding
plants and workers and jobs and all that
sort of thing but let's take a look at
the numbers on on what's happening on
the investment side again you see a
fairly similar picture six point three
percent growth in investment on a yearly
basis under President Obama three point
eight percent under Trump it is early
days the tax cut has not been in effect
that long but every time the president
goes out and talks about this plant or
that planner Apple is doing this with
twenty five thousand jobs it is yet to
actually appear in the numbers so Steve
let me just ask you about the
unemployment number because it dipped
below four percent for the first time in
a long time last week how significant is
that obviously any White House would
celebrate that number and use it and
tout that number doesn't the president
deserve credit for that at President
Obama had dipped below four there'd be
math celebration of that I think he
deserves some credit but this but it's
really early in administration to give
the president credit or even blame for
what happens here this is a continuation
of a trend and a bit slower and I think
Joe's point broader point is still right
that even though labor force
participation has come up a bit among
those younger men it's still very low
historically and this and there's
actually more people looking for jobs
there's six million people looking for
jobs today more than any
in the last 15 years yeah and Willy it
this was this has always been an ongoing
frustration at something again that we
talked about during the Obama era we're
talking about it again here one of the
main reasons the unemployment rate
dipped to below four percent this this
last month even though the job numbers
were lower than most analysts were
expecting it's because the job
participation rate unexpectedly dipped
we've got to figure out why we have a
system again I said it when Obama was
president I'm saying it when Trump's
president why do we have a system where
we measure unemployment where the number
actually looks better if more people get
discouraged and stop looking for jobs
that's where we are right now that said
we should all be grateful I think we've
had a continuation we've had seven year
recovery and it's continuing not at as
fast of a pace as it was under Barack
Obama but still a pretty good clip and
we should all be grateful for that
absolutely so thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
