welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios a.m.
national political reporter for Axios
Jonathan Swan Jonathan good morning to
you thanks for joining us talk to us
about axes one big thing this morning
Trump summit style leading into his
meeting with North Korea's Kim jong-un
we've done a ton of reporting on how
Trump prepares for meetings with foreign
leaders and behaves behind the scenes my
very strong impression from talking to
sources who have discussed the North
Korea meeting with President Trump is
that even he doesn't know what he's
going to say to Kim jong-un and there's
a very clear reason for that he believes
that he's best for these meetings when
he doesn't prepare particularly much and
relies instead on his own god-given
brilliance so let me ask you this I know
that ax has been focusing on the
president Trump's habit of walking into
a meeting with a head of state and then
literally just throwing out the protocol
he's done it sometimes even at press
conferences where he'll just throw his
notes up in the air explain his thinking
behind that does he just want as I think
somebody said yesterday he he wants to
out-crazy crazy
he believes and you know this is
actually probably one of these theories
that even I've spoken to people who work
for Obama and they say has at least some
value to it is he believes that foreign
affairs is overly scripted everything is
overly choreographed and when he just
goes in and completely throws everything
out he believes it throws his the
opposite the opposing leader off-balance
now the problem is when you keep doing
that over and over again they start to
actually prepare for that scenario talk
about how the president sort of likes to
get awkwardly tough it kind of raises
these leaders when he walks in the room
tells them how amazing heat they are and
then suddenly takes a total turn and
gets pretty awkward and really tough on
them kind of this Jekyll and Hyde
situation well the most the most amazing
example of that from my reporting and
we'll report that this morning is when
they were in Beijing with the Chinese
you saw yeah it was incredible lavishing
praise you know the Forbidden City the
red carpet everything
amazing and then they get in the meeting
with she and Trump says so you know
everything's been terrible with China
you've been ripping us after that and
and it's been happening for years Bob
and he turns to Bob lighthouse of the
trake ogres why don't you explain to
them the history tell them how if you
know all of these years that and then
Bob light Heiser of course who's a
really strong anti China hawk you know
seizes the opportunity goes through the
history of 20 years of China basically
beating the living hell out of America
so it's this incredible scene after
they've basically been hugging each
other he goes from one extreme to the
other perhaps I would say more than any
other leader we've seen in American
politics for quite some time it's
feeling like you've been gut-punched or
something yeah absolutely so let's let's
talk about if we have an early sense of
a game plan for the president when it
comes to this career summit about a
month away now what do we expect to
happen you know the Trump administration
what are they gonna do in the build-up
to it and then ultimately what do you
think plays out there well a lot of the
build-up is already choreographed so one
of the important things about having
Pompeo in instead of Rex Tillerson is
the North Koreans can actually deal with
somebody who at least to the best of his
ability can speak for the present so
we're gonna probably see a theatrical
destruction of a North Korean nuclear
facility near the Chinese border to make
the conditions even better for the
meeting but as for what happens in the
meeting you know you're delusional if
you think that you know what Trump is
going to say because truly I don't think
he knows what he's going to say in that
meeting maybe it'll be a successful
maybe won't be all right Jonathan Swan
live for us in Washington DC thank you
very much of course we're gonna be
reading axiom in just a little bit and
of course to all of our viewers out
there as well you too can now sign up
for the Axios newsletter by simply going
to access calm hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
