just tonight the Democrats on the Senate
Judiciary Committee put out this report
they call it a review of Republican
efforts to stack the federal courts it's
signed by every single Democrat on the
committee and they stay president Trump
and Senate Republicans have prioritized
filling the nation's federal courts
particularly circuit courts with
ideological judges intent on weakening
civil rights women's rights workers
rights and the ability of everyday
Americans to hold corporations
accountable they continued that alleging
that the Senate Republicans have placed
two circuit nominees on hearing
scheduled hearings before nominees were
even evaluated by the ABA and ignored
the a BIA is not qualified ratings
neglecting to follow up when nominees
did not disclose information required
Democrats on the committee are sounding
the alarm on this rush of judicial
nominees which Republicans want to force
through for Donald Trump and the
Democrats say they are seeing
ideological nominees that are weakening
civil rights that may not even be
qualified under what is of course the
nonpartisan standard from the ABA
Republicans they say also undermining
the entire vetting process we turn to an
expert on these issues who has been
sounding the alarm sherrilyn Ifill is
president and director counsel of the
n-double a-c-p Legal Defense and
Educational Fund which calls tonight's
report sobering this is one of those
things that's so important it will
outlast the life of this administration
and isn't me and us there that's a
humble thought about our humanity and
yet doesn't get a ton of attention why
are you shining a light on it well I've
been sounding the alarm on this for some
time because frankly in many ways this
is the most important legacy of this
president or of any president is the way
in which they shape the federal bench
when President Obama was in office the
Republicans you know slow walk many of
his nominees and as a result when
President Trump came into office he had
112 vacancies on the federal bench that
he could fill that was twice the amount
that President Obama had when he first
took office and so he had a whole lot of
positions to fill but that wasn't good
enough for the for the Republicans
particularly on the Senate Judiciary
Committee they want to push these
nominees through as fast as possible and
the result is that we
categories of nominees are frankly I've
not seen in my career
as long as I've been looking at this
work nominees that are patently
incompetent we can all remember max
Peterson the nominee who had never tried
a case and seemed never to have seen the
inside you know of a courthouse
we remember Bret tally who ultimately
had to withdraw after it was revealed
that he had written over 1,800 blog
posts some in which he had praised the
first Ku Klux Klan these are all this is
all information that we found out not
because the nominees disclose that
information on their Senate
questionnaires we found out because a
groups like the Legal Defense Fund and
the Lions for justice probed and looked
in the record and found this information
and that's why the pushing through of
these nominees so quickly is so really
devastating because we're only
discovering what we need to learn about
these nominees when we really pushed
when we see these nominees answering
questions in which they're not able to
say that Brown versus Board of Education
was correctly decided you had this up in
the earlier segment this is important
information that we have to probe and
yet
Senator McConnell Mitch McConnell is
determined to push these nominees
through as soon as possible
to the point today that he did something
that is virtually unprecedented been
done very rarely in the past and that is
bring a nominee to a vote even though
one of his home state senators has not
returned the blue slip and that's
Michael Brennan for the Seventh Circuit
right and and that again goes to the
real intensity behind which Republicans
are pushing this even if it's one of
these things that Donald Trump isn't all
that clued in on you mentioned Brown let
me read from die Elizabeth who talks
about these nominees that struggle
between just showed and she asks or
Vitter and Oldham suggesting they can't
discuss brown because they believe it's
conceivable that a case questioning its
prohibition on racial segregation could
come up before them now what case would
that be if the nominees refused to give
their views about Brown well they also
refused to talk Dred Scott which of
course refuted the humanity of black
Americans what about the internment of
the Japanese why is brown a sticking
point for them and I asked this fairly
not not not in a baiting way is this as
bad as it looks or is it possible that
they've been very poorly coached and
they they just think if they answer one
case they'll get ten
or no I don't think so I've heard that
you know and you you explained why in
the quote from from Dalia with wick you
know judges who are nominated to sit on
the Supreme Court for example know that
perhaps Roe versus Wade might come
before them make sure it's it would be
news to me as a practicing civil rights
lawyer that Brown versus Board of
Education is is likely to come before
the Supreme Court anytime soon it is
part of the Canon that constitutes kind
of the center of our justice system
right no one questions whether Marbury
versus Madison was correctly decided and
people readily talk about you know some
of the terrible decisions Dred Scott
Plessy versus Ferguson Korematsu so do
you see it as some sort of judicial dog
whistle I do think so I do think it's
actually a signal I mean you recalled
when when Neil Gorsuch was asked the
question he tried a couple of times to
avoid it he didn't want to answer the
quick but then he finally came across
and answered the question there are
other very conservative justices who've
answered this question Justice Scalia
answered that it was correctly decided
for example so it's not a question of
whether you're conservative or not it's
not a question that of whether it's
going to lead you down the primrose path
of answering questions about cases that
might come before the court
Brown is part of the central candidate
now essentially reflects your belief in
the rule of law it ended legal apartheid
in this country and the idea that a
judge or who wants to be elevated to a
seat on the federal bench somehow can't
bring themselves to say that this
central case to American democracy was
correctly decided is deliberate and we
saw that once you know Wendy Vitter did
it then the next week Andrew Oldham did
it it's now catching on and I think
we're likely to see more judges saying
it it's now becoming something that can
be said and this is where the lines are
moving re and this is what's so
important the public watching it should
not believe that this is normal this is
deeply abnormal this is deeply far
outside what we have seen even with the
most conservative judges who've come
before the Senate Judiciary Committee
and that's why it's important for people
to call their senators and tell them I
want you to do your job I want you to
fully vet these nominees I want you to
read the questionnaire I want you to
know before they sit at that table
whether they've ever tried a case right
and I want to know whether they stand
for the principles of equality and
justice that are in
within enshrined within Brown versus
Board of Education sherrilyn Ifill thank
you for your work on this and educating
this you know on on this issue which is
so important n-double-a-cp Legal Defense
Fund I really appreciate it what we're
gonna do is fit in a break and I got one
more thing to tell you when we get right
back hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
