I don't want to thank you at home for of
course joining us this hour rachel has
the night off it was a year ago today
the president Trump opened the Oval
Office to host Putin's foreign minister
and his ambassador in the United States
the Russian ambassador this is one day
of course after he fired FBI director
James Comey the photos you're looking at
right now
are from the Russian government because
no members of the US press were invited
to attend and Trump confided in the
Russians with classified information
from an American ally that caused an
uproar at the time as for the Comey
firing Trump told the Russian officials
that firing ease pressure from the
investigation which apparently concerns
someone so much that that quote itself
leaked the New York Times reporting the
Trump said I just fired the head of the
FBI he was crazy a real nutjob I faced
great pressure because of Russia that's
taken off and that's not all on that
same day Mike Pence was publicly denying
what Trump was privately telling those
same Putin appointees in a comment that
would later be shredded by Donald
Trump's own public statement to Lester
Holt what about the president's
dissatisfaction with the Russia probe
did that play into this sir and
let me be very clear that the
president's decision to accept the
recommendation of the Deputy Attorney
General and the Attorney General to
remove director Comey as a head of the
FBI was based solely and exclusively on
his commitment to the best interest of
the American people some statements
don't age well tonight a year later we
know that even Trump's allies don't
bother claiming any more the Comey
firing was about a recommendation from
rod Rosenstein and Jeff Sessions
everyone knows it was a Trump idea he
even owns it but that day Pence was
eager to adopt the company line whatever
the company line was which brings us
back to today because if you want to
know the company line in this
administration if you want to know
exactly what the official Trump position
is the exact talking point offered with
no independence and certainly no
improvisation turn to Mike Pence you
know former Trump lawyer Ty Cobb he may
have been too cooperative with Muller
for Trump's taste and the new Trump
lawyer Rudy Giuliani he may be too
chatty but Mike Pence boy does he stick
to the script here he is today telling
Andrea Mitchell Muller needs to wrap it
up what I think is that it's been about
a year since this investigation began
our administration has provided over a
million documents we fully cooperated in
it and in the interest of the country I
think it's time to wrap it up and I
would very respectfully encourage the
special counsel and his team to bring
their work to completion very
respectfully you know who's not in
charge of an investigations timeline the
people under investigation and Mike
Pence knows that he also knows that
Trump has certain things he wants to
hear and he knows his own former
Republican colleagues in Congress are
now literally threatening impeachment
against Muller's boss while demanding
that they receive classified documents
in the middle of this probe it's telling
that the i-word is coming more from
House Republicans about
Rosenstein and from anyone else about
Trump and their line in the sand is not
even a pretext or a cover story they're
literally saying they want the DOJ to
tell them where the probe is headed
demanding an unredacted version of what
you see right there that classified
August memo that authorizes Muller to
investigate certain enumerated targets
that memo is Muller's roadmap and it
reflects the criminal evidence that he
and the FBI found which they say warrant
going potentially beyond molars original
mandate and thus Rosen Stein has to
approve it under the rules and we only
know that because the manna for part was
later unredacted and revealed after his
own indictment the other targets the
people who maybe haven't been indicted
yet it may be they won't be but those
people that part of the map is redacted
it's so secret that even a judge in mana
Ford's trial who is authorized to see
classified material has not been
provided the unredacted parts of this
proverbial map and the DOJ says they
won't give it to these politicians in
Congress they cite the ongoing
investigation as well as quote
long-standing principles of
investigatory independence at the same
time the House Intelligence Committee
chairman Devin Nunez says he wants to
hold DOJ officials in contempt for not
releasing information about a secret
intelligence source tapped by Muller DOJ
rebuffing that request as dangerous and
could resolve the potential loss of
human lives now there is a flashback
here this whole scuffle echoes House
Republicans quests to release secret
surveillance information through that
famed Nunez memo
how many experts concluded the
Republicans lost that message war over
the memo it showed that Trump aide
Carter page was surveilled but lawfully
under a judge's orders so it didn't seem
to make the DOJ look that bad but let's
be clear Republicans did manage to break
a precedent with that pressure they got
stuff out that usually doesn't come out
they got some of what they wanted
through threats and hostage-taking and
that can embolden more threats and
hostage-taking rod Rosenstein he may
have been slow to learning that lesson
about House Republicans this is the man
after all who effectively got bully
into joining Trump's cover story for
commis firing you see his name there on
that infamous letter about it and then
of course he fled from that mess by
appointing Muller but lately and this is
very important tonight
lately rod Rosenstein says he's had
enough I can tell you there were people
who have been making threats privately
and publicly against me for quite some
time and I think they should understand
by now the Department of Justice is not
going to be extorted last week the New
York Times reporting that the Deputy
Attorney General in the top FBI
officials now suspect Republican
lawmakers are using these oversight
responsibilities to try to gain Intel
about the open investigation and then
feed it back to the White House that
alone is an explosive claim Republicans
in the House Intelligence Committee this
week are still continuing this offensive
they're demanding documents they're
trying to go around the DOJ and appeal
directly to the President to intervene
it's just nice to turn over these
documents and President to decide
whether they should or not the prisoner
might get to see our position right now
is that the Justice Department has to
turn over these documents but if they
don't though would you support we're not
going to get that the president can
order them to do it I'm counting on the
president's do the right thing that was
Tuesday today Speaker of the House Paul
Ryan adding his pressure joining the
ranks of those saying DOJ must hand over
the documents to Republicans I think
this request is wholly appropriate it's
completely within the scope of the
investigation that's been ongoing for a
while with respect to FISA I actually
think that this is something that
probably should have been answered a
while ago it's our job to do oversight
of the executive branch this request is
perfectly appropriate within the scope
of the committee's investigation and I
hope and believe and expect that that
they'll be complied with absolutely yeah
no I think it's completely appropriate
and request meanwhile the top Democrat
in the Seldon Intelligence Committee
weighing in today Virginia Senator Mark
Warner saying bombarding the Justice
Department with document requests simply
to create a pretext
for firing or impeaching our nation's
senior law enforcement officials is a
blatant abuse of power that you
concerned everyone who believes in the
rule of law so we don't know exactly how
rod Rosen Stein Mulder's boss is gonna
walk this line how he's gonna do what he
said uphold somewhat unpleasant part of
the DOJ which is to tell Congress
sometimes you can't have everything you
want just because you're demanding it
when we have an open probe going on we
also know that today congressman Nunez
and trey Gowdy went to the Justice
Department to meet with Rosenstein and
then released a statement saying they
had a productive discussion with
officials from the Office of the
Director of National Intelligence
Department of Justice and FBI in which
we raised questions related to
information requested from the
intelligence community the officials
committed to holding further discussions
these matters and we look forward to
continuing our dialogue next week to
satisfy the committee's requests
Republicans are basically saying this
whole thing is punted for maybe a week
and they have of course been pressing
for this for weeks and they are using
the I word they are threatening
impeachment of DOJ officials but let's
be clear about something tonight this
fight has been going on since before
there was even a special council probe
it's actually been going on since before
President Trump fired James Comey and it
was documented by Comey in those memos
he took because he said he was concerned
he memorialized this pressure from
Congress in the memos here on March 30th
after a specific phone call with
President Trump he writes he had not
testified before Congress as a volunteer
the president then asked look at this
who's driving that is it Nunez driving
it quoting Comey I said all the
leadership wanted to know what was going
on and I mentioned senator Grassley had
even held up the deputy AG nominee to
demand information two things there one
that deputy AG of course is rod
Rosenstein the one under pressure now
and to what extent is donald trump
involved in creating that pressure that
ostensibly is coming from these house
republicans pressure which seems to be
ramping up right as the pressure on
michael cohen is ramping up tonight to
dig into it I turn to congressman Eric
swallow he sits of course on the house
in
intelligence committee thank you so much
for being here tonight to be Mary the
Times reporting that Rosenstein and
others now view this as an activity by
House Republicans to get this material
over to the White House is that
appropriate is a potential obstruction
not appropriate looks a lot from where I
sit as obstruction and that these
individuals are acting as the
president's fixers in Congress who are
seeking simply to have the Department of
Justice say no so that they can create
the circumstances in which President
Trump can fire either roses time or
sessions or both and if they do get the
information we've seen in the past where
this information goes if you remember
the Republican memo they took that
information and it actually ended up
over at the White House so the White
House was able to see as subjects to the
special counsels investigation evidence
that existed in the case against them
that is not how you'd run any
investigation you would never give
suspects or subjects in an investigation
the keys to the evidence Locker at the
FBI do you think rod Rosen sign is up
for this fight yeah he sure looks like
he's up for this fight and if he gives
in on it he will allow future members of
Congress to weigh in and influence
investigations and that's just not how
it works I think he's gonna hold firm
here because he knows what's at stake
you can't let that safe crack your
colleague congressman Adam Schiff who
viewers know from any of his discussions
on this was briefed about this at the
DOJ do you have any information from
that briefing
I don't Ari and you know frankly when it
comes to ongoing investigations I think
Congress should stay out and so you know
mr. Schiff is in what's called the gang
of eight and you know let's keep it
compartmentalized that way of course we
have an oversight role once the
investigation is over but we really
should be playing very limited role
right now as a Special Counsel does his
job follows the evidence and tells the
American people who was responsible for
what happened last presidential election
what does it look like if a congress
does try to move forward with impeaching
a DOJ official like like mr. Rosen Stein
Greenlight's
it looks like paul ryan and mitch
mcconnell's they seemed to have
sanctioned this type of behavior they
are doing nothing not to
shut down efforts like this in Mitch
McConnell in fact is not allowing the
bipartisan legislation that came out of
the Senate Judiciary Committee that
would protect Bob Moeller to come to the
floor for a vote and that's good there
be I mean when people think back to for
example the Clinton impeachment
proceeding would it look like that would
there be a Senate trial I mean what are
they threatening to do they're
threatening right now to hold attorney
general sessions in contempt so that
would not be a trial if they wanted to
move beyond that of course the house
could vote to impeach and then the
Senate would conduct the trial I hope it
doesn't come to that
re again that would really encroach on
the rule of law and it's really people
like Paul Ryan and Republican leadership
who need to I think stand up for the
rule of law rather than looking the
other day and the other way and that's
what we continue to see a congressman
Eric swell well right in the middle of
this story I really appreciate your time
and my pleasure
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
