now we turn to one of the most
controversial people in the michael
cohen donald trump investigation who's
not a household name but who is
cooperating with authorities as this
pressure builds on michael cohen take a
look at Keith Davidson he first entered
this story on the side of women who were
opposed to Trump he was a lawyer for
women involved in legal fights over
their alleged affairs with Trump now one
of them of course is a household name
stormy Daniels he also represented Karen
McDougal so that would make him seem
like some kind of trump foe like a
Michael avenatti who is of course the
lawyer for stormy Daniels who's turned
televised tormenting of Trump into a
kind of endless legal improv art form
but here's where things actually get
tricky there are serious allegations
that Davidson is nothing like avenatti
and that instead of zealously advocating
for these women that he claimed to
represent that he was actually secretly
trying to help trump and undermine them
for example former Playboy model Karen
McDougal recently prevailed in a
settlement with a National Enquirer
company which had silenced her story
about Trump and she alleges in court
that this lawyer was a double agent for
Cohen and Trump violating his duty of
undivided loyalty and lying to miss
mcdougal she alleges a close
relationship between him Davidson and
Michael Cohen which involved improper
and secret secret interactions with her
opponents so the lawyer who was on the
other side of the table from Cohen is
accused of colluding with Cohen against
mcdougal Davidson denies these charges
his spokesperson saying recently that he
strenuously denies any insinuation of
unethical or inappropriate behavior but
we can tell you the State Bar has
previously suspended his law license
consider all of that history for a brand
new leak tonight from the very man who
replaced Davidson Michael avenatti
he reveals an email that he says shows
Michael Cohen was emailing Davidson
after after the FBI raided Cohen's
offices seeking to coordinate up how
they could quote communicate and asking
about an apparent plan to work with ABC
News on a story so that's a lot the
bottom line though is it's all about
switching sides question one how
to get that email question - did
Davidson er Cohen break any laws by
conspiring to silence women with these
claims about Trump and question three
which has been suspicious from the very
start if the National Enquirer wanted to
make a deal with mcdougal why was
Michael Cohen involved in the first
place I actually asked her new lawyer
about that the one who came after
Davidson here's what he said why was
Michael Cohen involved I mean it's it's
the 64 million dollar question where is
it one hundred and thirty thousand
dollar question depending on the case
yeah I guess 150 and rs.20 25 you can
try that yeah I mean at the end of the
row we don't know and you think it's a
far√≠as of course it's very David's
replacement thinks it's nefarious it's
wrong and so does the former client and
that's not all this is also a person who
claimed to be opposed to Cohen in that
huge 1.6 million dollar settlement
involving another playboy model and a
pseudonym that was used by Trump and
other settlements but which they say
refers to a GOP donor and that's not all
as we learn about this individual
because this isn't the first time
Davidson found himself talking to the
feds his role as a purveyor of sex tapes
got him mixed up in a federal probe
involving a tape of Hulk Hogan which was
bankrolled by none other than Trump
donor Peter teal and an effort to
bankrupt a news website that teal
opposed here's how one local news
broadcast captured Davidson's role in
that saga according to detective spice
boy then contacts a well-known sex tape
broker
named Keith Davidson from California to
quote engage in the extortion of Terry
Bollea
known as Hulk Hogan that's a lot so
whatever Davidson did or didn't do
Michael Cohen still apparently believed
it was worth trying to get cooperation
from him and get in touch after the feds
raided Cohen's office and their
allegations Davidson did some
cooperation with Cohen to help Trump but
the latest reports are that Davidson
again Stormies former lawyer is
cooperating now with the federal probe
of Cohen so if you remember one thing
from all this and you're keeping count
Davidson allegedly went from helping
stormy Daniels to helping
michael cohen to helping the feds
investigate michael cohen
which would mean he's doubling down on
switching sides i turn now to our legal
expert Nick Ackerman would it be okay
for a lawyer to decide to work with the
opposing counsel against his client of
course not totally unethical is that
something that the feds can use against
mr. Davidson sure I mean I would think
there's a criminal fraud involved and
you know it depends on all the facts
surrounding it but it sure doesn't look
good would you say that he is a is
amounting to be the polar opposite of
miss Robyn Adi who everyone has now seen
in the news as quite a vocal defender of
stormy day news that's right I mean as a
lawyer you owe a undivided loyalty to
your client if there is any kind of
conflict even a potential conflict
you're obligated under the ethical rules
to disclose that to your client let me
read from MacDougall's settlement
because she is the other playmate here
that was that was basically victorious
she says and they have a statement
nothing in the agreement released is any
claim that mcdougal has or may have
against Davidson or Cohen what does that
mean well that means that she can still
sue Davidson her calling she can go
after them and sue them for damage this
new case in a totally different case
that's right so all of this does is it
settles between her and the publisher
but it does not settle with Davidson or
Cohen so you're helping clarify a lot of
what's wrong with this and what Davidson
did now let's take what the feds would
want from him against Cohen and Trump
does he know things that could be
detrimental to them well it's very
possible I mean if they're using him for
these particular matters I mean are they
using him for other matters relating to
the campaign to the Russians what does
he know what did he deal with Cohen on
Cohen supposedly went to Prague with
three other people who were the three
other people
I mean I'd want to be probing everything
he knows about Cohen's dealings and what
he's doing on behalf of Donald Trump and
does Davidson have any other option here
or does he have to cough it all up I
think he's got a coffin all up his law
license is on the line
he's probably gonna get this barred he's
likely to get prosecuted for what he's
done double dealing with a client basic
fraud so I think they've they've got a
hold on him and he's got to cooperate
it's it's it's really fascinating and he
is another one of these players a lot of
different moving pieces and Donald Trump
keeps shaking up his own legal team but
the idea that the basically the
predecessor to Michael avenatti is now
cooperating with the feds because he was
helpful to Michael Cohen
I mean it's night and day and it's all
happening as sort of before our eyes hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
