I think that we should hold ourselves to
a stricter moral standard and I would
never allow CIA to be involved in
coercive interrogations
where was that moral compass at the time
senator that was 17 years ago when
you're out in the trenches at far-flung
outposts in the globe and Washington
says here's what we need you to do this
is legal I know you believed it was
legal I want to see I want to feel I
want to trust that you have the moral
compass that you said you have welcome
back to harbor that was president
Trump's nominee for CIA director Gina
Haspel during her confirmation hearing
yesterday struggling to say whether she
thought torture was immoral
during the hearing Hospital answered
questions concerning her role using
enhanced interrogation techniques after
the 9/11 attacks and last night Senator
John McCain proved once again he's
willing to buck his party and the
president McCain said in his statement
that while he believes hospitals a
patriot quote miss hospitals role and
overseeing the use of torture by
Americans is disturbing her refusal to
acknowledge tortures in morality is
disqualifying I believe the Senate
should exercise its duty of advise and
consent and reject this nomination
according to the hill the hill newspaper
White House staffer Kelly Sadler said in
the meeting today that in quote it
doesn't matter he's dying
anyway the White House did not deny this
account according to the hill newspaper
they said in this statement that we
respect senator McCain's service to our
nation and he and his family are in our
prayers during this difficult time
McCain who's battling brain cancer will
likely not be back in Washington for the
actual vote hospitals confirmation is
that the only issue McCain has taken a
moral stand on according to an advanced
copy of his new book obtained by NBC
News McCain writes that he stands by his
decision in late in the 2016 to provide
then FBI director James Comey with a
copy of the Russian dossier compiled by
a former British intelligence officer
Christopher Steele he writes even a
remote risk that the president states
might be vulnerable to Russian extortion
had to be investigated I did what duty
demanded I do I'm trying that by run
Susskind the author the 1% doctrine deep
inside America's pursuit of its enemies
since 9/11 run take on two figures that
are in the news right now in the issue
of torture John McCain and Dick Cheney
how are they doing in this moral battle
well they've been at this more about it
for a long time remember John McCain was
the key voice the conscience of America
and this having been tortured so
brutally himself that really brought
about change in the 2000 2003 4 & 5 when
this started to become clear what we
were doing and again there at at Cheney
of course unrepentant I did the right
thing I'd do it again became saying this
is not who we are as a people
I look right to the finish 17 years
later what do you make of Cheney why
he's at it what keeps him well I'm
asking what I think I know the answer
because I've watched a guy for decades
but what gives him this is just a killer
instinct he must destroy his opponents
whether domestic or foreign they must be
destroyed
killed Cheney Cheney as a guy Cheney
will go to his grave saying he did the
right thing he doesn't care how many
drafts of history are written how many
reports come out saying it's not
effective it costs us so so very much it
gains us virtually nothing that's
torturing we knew was torture from the
start the Spanish Inquisition Chinese
water torture this has been around for a
long time
Cheney will simply not give that is his
way let history decide I'm standing on
my position and basically you know what
go to go to go to hell yeah I know but
you know he's the guy that lied and said
that Iraq had nuclear weapons
knowing they didn't absolutely right how
do you explain absolutely right well you
know what
the fact of the matter is Cheney has
always been a player who believed ends
justify means I will do what I need to
do at time present debate at all you
want once it's over and he's that way
now with torture just like he is with
WMD you know history's judgment is
really clear on this Chris look at all
those years we went through all those
debates of the 2000s to finally bury
torture to admit waterboarding his torch
and say it ain't good for the United
States it undermines our basic values to
the world and as a people people agreed
on that 2007-8 Bush signs executive
orders Obama files with other ones and
now like a demon it rises again
significantly because Gina hospital
picked by Trump to be the person who
should lead the CIA let just ask this
question of all the officers all the
fine talent men and women both in the
intelligence community why pick this one
person literally one person who is the
most controversial figure involved in
this most controversial policy of the
United States it's a trunk hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
