it was Michael avenatti the lawyer for
adult film actress stormy Daniels who
first revealed Cohen's ties to the
company
Columbus Nova which is associated with a
Russian oligarch named Viktor Vekselberg
the us-based company which deposited
$500,000 into a shell company set up by
Cohn is run by Vekselberg cousin Andrew
in Trotter vekselberg is a close ally of
Vladimir Putin and according to
Bloomberg attended a closed-door session
with the Russian president last
September according to the New York
Times both cousins and Trotter and
Vekselberg have been questioned by
Special Counsel Robert Muller and the
court filing Michael Cohen's lawyer
refuted some but not all of Evan Oddie's
allegations writing this document is
concerning for a number of reasons
including the number of blatantly
incorrect statements it contains NBC
News has reviewed financial documents
that appear to support a vanadis claims
yesterday in a statement the company
denied that Vekselberg was involved with
those payments and said the firm was
wholly owned and controlled by US
citizens they added after the
inauguration the firm hired Michael
Cohen as a business consultant regarding
potential sources of capital and
potential investments in real estate and
other ventures mother jones disputes
that characterization citing SEC filings
they report that Columbus Nova had a
close organizational association with
vessel Berg's Russian company called the
renova group in this 2006 Securities and
Exchange Commission filing you can see
that Vekselberg cousin in Trotter
described Columbus Nova esra Nova's US
affiliate Vekselberg and run-over were
sanctioned by the US Treasury in April
but they have not been accused of
wrongdoing in connection with the
investigation into Cohen it's unclear
where the $500,000 payment from the
Russian affiliate company win but
according to what avenatti says his
documents show it's a small fraction of
the roughly four million dollars that
Michael Cohen received which some
companies seemingly paid for access to
the Trump administration the Russian
investigation has now expanded into an
equally troubling pay-for-play
controversy tied to the stormy Daniels
affair for more I'm joined by Michael
avenatti himself Michael have to ask you
the question I want a pair of
raise a line from Casablanca the great
film of all the law firms in the United
States why did it give Eccles Berg go
into Michael Cohen C well Chris thanks
for having me on tonight I mean I think
it's pretty obvious because Michael
Cohen was advertising that he could
deliver access to the highest office in
the land I mean that's the only
explanation I mean Michael Cohen is no
learn at and he's no legal genius he
doesn't know anything about accounting
or real estate or aerospace or all the
litany of other excuses we've now heard
from these companies as to why they
hired Michael Cohen
you know let's call it like we see it
they hired him for access to the US
president period were they paying him
money too or for service or they paying
him to make help out Trump pay off his
bills to stormy Daniels how did that
money get funneled from the Russians
potentially it's fungible I know that
but how could money like that fall into
the same account as the paid stormy
Daniels off for the hundred thirty
thousand well it's a very good question
Chris I mean we know for a fact that
there were multiple payments from
January of 2017 until approximately
August September of 2017 totaling
approximately a half a million dollars
into that same bank account that Michael
Cohen had established and used to pay
the one hundred and thirty thousand
dollars to my client back in late
October we're not aware of significant
funds having been deposited into that
account during the months of November
December so by the time that the Russian
oligarch directed that first payment in
January we believe that those funds and
funds thereafter went to replenish that
account from which the 130,000 dollars
had been paid what was your reaction
when you rise that your case which
involves all kinds of aspects of the law
an intrigue and hanky-panky I guess you
have to st. certainly cover up when you
rise there was a Russian piece to this
Chris it was shock and bewilderment when
we first realized that I mean you know
you go into a case you never know what
you're gonna get it's like a box of
chocolates but little did we know that
we were going to get this box of
chocolates and that these two two
distinct matters we're going to be cross
pollinated and I think at this point
there's no question that they're cross
pollinate
you know I find you raise the issue
relating to the inaccuracies or alleged
inaccuracies that Michael Cohen's
counsel have raised you know I find it
rather ironic they're talking about
$25,000 worth of payments or deposits
and we've identified over three million
dollars worth of deposits but they don't
want to talk about the payments from the
oligarch or Novartis or 18t or any of
that they want to distract away from the
facts because the facts are damn ugly is
that what Michael avenatti referred to
when he said it was inaccurate because
that's an old flax terminology when
something's 95 percent right or 99
percent right
they call it inaccurate that's an old
tactic of people what do you make of
that is it was avenatti talking about
that difference of a couple percentage
points rather than the actual heart of
the thing which is Russian money came
into his bank account well you mean you
mean Michael Cohen but yeah I think
that's exactly I think that's exactly
what he was referring to you know
they're they're talking about how it's
got all of these inaccuracies in it and
the best they can point to is 25 grand
they haven't pointed to a single
inaccuracy Chris on the issue that
you've teed up tonight which is these
payments from the Russian oligarch or
the entity at his request why do you
think more let the district the Southern
District of New York handle this case
rather than handle it as the special
counsel if it was Russian related or he
didn't know about it that's an
interesting that's an interesting
question we don't know when the referral
took place we don't know the
circumstances of it he may not have
known of those payments at the time that
he referred it look let me tell you what
I know about Bob Muller you knew what he
didn't know well it's all a question of
timing Chris I mean let me tell you what
I know about Bob Muller Bob Miller is an
incredibly intelligent aggressive guy
one of the best in the business and I
think he's going to be very careful as
it relates to overstepping whatever
boundaries he believes he has by way of
his mandate and I think he's wise to do
that would you would you tell a judge
your source for this document this
information about the Russian of his
cousin in Trotter in this guy well you
turn it over a judge on request
well we depend on the circumstances of
the request and whether we could stand
on the attorney-client privilege which
allows us to protect the source of our
information you know we take that very
seriously
Kress
let me just say this we haven't done
anything wrong in this case we welcome
the investigation by the Treasury
Department we're confident we're going
to be cleared the bottom line is is that
the American people deserve to have this
information
the remaining bank documents should be
turned over by Michael Cohen if he
doesn't have anything to hide he oughta
just released the 14 or 15 months where
the bank statements tonight and let's
get to the bottom of this and be done
with it they're not going to do that
Chris because we have only scratched the
surface this whole thing stinks what did
you make of the Mother Jones star we
talked to already today and you had just
read it what did you make of the David
Korins operation there they dug in
deeper they show a strong connection
between these American cousins this cuz
a guy in traitor with the vehicles bird
well they have a lot of history in this
regard as well Chris as you know because
they did a piece not too long ago with
with looking into many of the same
issues I mean look I thought that piece
was pretty solid very well reported I
was impressed they were able to do it in
such a short period of time I mean I
read it and I came away very impressed
with its conclusions you're great to
come on the show tonight thank you
please come back Michael avenatti for
more let's turn to Kim wait wait leaf
former assistant US attorney and Ken
Delaney of course national security
reporter for NBC News Kim your thoughts
about the relationship between the
cousin over here the United States
apparently they're saying was making the
$500,000 investment with Michael Cohen's
firm saying he's unrelated to his cousin
in Russia who may have had a
geopolitical interest in this whole
thing that is certainly larger than some
cousin here in the States
what do you make of their claim of
Independence listen I think that there
there looks like people are making
whatever kinds of factual distinctions
they can make and that's grasping at
straws at this point and we're beyond
the point where anyone could
legitimately say there was no collusion
between the Trump campaign and the
Russians I mean we have after the
election we have Russian oligarch
funneling money to mr. Trump's personal
lawyer and we don't know where where our
that money went I mean this is well
beyond atmospherics of kind of being
specific and detail oriented on some of
these these facts I mean we're all I
think head spinning at this point
because it's so complicated it's a hot
mess
and I'm glad that Robert Muller is going
to sort it out for the American people
because it looks like Congress isn't
going to do anything about it from a
political standpoint what do you make of
this bag of tricks this guy's did the
jack of all trades apparently Michael
Cohen he's an accountant he's a
consultant he helps people with real
estate this money's pouring in and they
write down what he's doing for them and
you wonder if he's just they're just
buying influence they have to put
something on the paper Kim what do they
really see I don't know what the Russian
wants but he could he went around all
the law firms in New York and he found
out which one was Trump's who was his
fixer I mean that's my life of all the
law firms in New York it still comes
down and why did they walk into his this
guy's no big lawyer sure so it's access
to mr. Trump which in on the campaign
trail of course he made a big deal out
of with respect to Hillary Clinton and
we also have to wonder okay the math
isn't adding up we know $130,000 went to
stormy Daniels but there was a lot more
money in that account
did it go to actually pay people to
influence the election to hack some of
the emails did it go in exchange for
lifting or being easy on sanctions for
mr. Cohen also worked on sort of the the
you create a potential pro-ukrainian
pro-russian deal now we don't know any
of these things but but it's just worse
we're so beyond that the bigger question
in my mind is how big is the fraud on
the American people and are we going to
actually clean house and start getting
things in order because this is this is
just this is just getting very very
disturbing ken Delaney on your thoughts
about this becoming the door of entry
for influence with the president well
Chris what we obviously have here is a
massive influence-peddling scandal
Michael Cohen is getting money from
companies purely because of his access
to Donald Trump the question is do we
also have a Russia connection do we have
a collusion connection with this
oligarch Vekselberg and I just find it
incredible that Michael Cohen was
willing to accept half a million dollars
from a Russia linked entity in from
January to April 2017 when the Russia
scandal was breaking he had been named
in the dossier as having gone to a
meeting in Prague he denies this but you
know essentially coordinating a cover-up
of connections between the Trump
campaign in Russia he's
you know he's clearly part of the Russia
investigation this is a guy whose
father-in-law is Ukrainian he's been
doing business with Russian for years
you know he was involved with that
proposal to build a tower in Moscow at
Trump Tower Moscow with a Russian guy
who's been linked to the mob Felix aider
so the the idea that he would take money
from Vekselberg and you know he also
accepted money from AT&T and from a drug
company and we can understand that
that's Washington we've seen that movie
before but the what did this Russia link
firm want from the Trump administration
that's not obvious right it's not
entirely clear did it want sanctions
relief Vekselberg actually has an
interest in a major aluminum firm
roussel that is also owned by Oleg
Deripaska man who's now under sanctions
and is having to relinquish his stake in
that company so a lot of fascinating
questions raised here Chris well I have
a question for you my colleague why is
it everybody working with Trump in the
campaign to transition and now it seems
have one relationship with Trump and
another one with Russians I mean I'll go
back to my argument I've never seen so
many Russian related figures in my
history of covering politics they're all
over the place they're all Russian
related even person anything like it
I agree with it we've never seen
anything like it now Donald Trump has a
history of doing being in the real
estate business around Russia you know
the the Trump branded condos and Sunny
Isles Florida are called little Moscow
and his son once said in 2008 a
dislodged you know percentage of our
assets are coming from Russians and I
think we don't know the answer
potentially Robert Mulder knows the
answer if he's got Trump's tax returns
and if he's got his business records he
knows to what extent Trump has been in
business with and in debt to Russians
but the American public elected Donald
Trump without knowing the answer to that
and I think it hangs over the Trump
presidency
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
