today Democrats on the House
Intelligence Committee released
thousands of Facebook ads linked to
Russia the ant's show how the Kremlin
backed Internet research agency tried to
sow divisions among Americans during the
2016 presidential election like this
post from the page stop all invaders
that was actually brought to you by
Russia it includes a clearly
photoshopped picture former President
Obama sitting in the Oval Office with
with Islamic flags behind him but
Facebook propaganda like this may seem
quaint by the time we elect the next
president we are quickly heading to a
new frontier in media manipulation for
example have you seen this video we're
entering an era in which our enemies can
make it look like anyone is saying
anything at any point in time even if
they would never say those things so for
instance they could have me say things
like I don't know kill monger was right
ben Carson is in the sunken place now
you see I would never say these things
at least not in a public address but
someone else would someone like Jordan
Peele
peel and oscar-winning filmmaker made
that video as a PSA about fake news but
there's actually a term for videos meant
to be deceptive quote deep fake they're
made with artificial intelligence
software that make them seem real it's a
problem was already starting to worry
lawmakers who could potentially be
victims of this technology someday
joining me now is Kevin Roose business
and technology columnist for The New
York Times he's recently taken a deep
dive into deep fakes and he's here to
tell the tale Kevin that to me is the
scariest story that's that's out there
right now absolutely 100% if you can put
words into somebody's mouth I mean that
was pretty realistic it sounded like he
maybe had some dental surgery but it was
generally pretty realistic I mean what
can't you do you can claim people are
saying all sorts of things right yes oh
these are videos that are created with
the help of artificial intelligence
software and Hollywood studios have
always had access to
CGI and advanced video editing
techniques but now they're in the hands
of the masses anyone can download these
free tools and use them to swap one
person's face onto another person's face
very realistically I tried this on
myself it took a couple days but we got
my face onto Jake Gyllenhaal's body and
Ryan Gosling's body and you can imagine
how this kind of technology could be
used to set up a political candidate or
sabotage them Jordan peels obviously
doing an impression of the president
which is why he sounds so much like him
do you need to find somebody who sounds
like that person or does that technology
or is that technology on the horizon
there's also audio versions of this that
are being developed so that you could
say take a pre-recorded piece and make
someone say it it's it's it's it's not
that hard anymore thanks to these
artificial intelligence tools to make
pretty convincing deep fakes as they're
called and and get them out there and
they're already starting to cause a lot
of problems I think back to the Romney
statement about the what was the 47% or
whatever the number was that he made
during that dinner with donors how easy
will it be to for a politician who gets
caught on a hot mic or caught saying
something behind closed doors to say ah
no fake or Donald Trump to look back at
the excess Hollywood tape and say not me
that's fake exactly I think that's one
of the real dangers here is not that
there will be so many deep fakes that
are fooling people all over the internet
but that any person who is caught on
video doing something bad will now have
plausible deniability they'll say that
wasn't me that was a deep fake I think
we can very easily imagine that happen
happening in in an upcoming campaign
what is it gonna mean for knowledge how
do you how do you protect against it are
we just gonna have to become skeptical
of everything that we not only read but
now we see and we hear with our own eyes
yes sort of undermining the fundamental
assumption of the Internet mean for
years there's been this saying pics or
it didn't happen right if there aren't
photos or videos of something you're its
suspect but now we're saying even if
there are pics even if there is video
it's still suspect so I think people are
going to have to learn to be suspicious
of not just the things that they read
online but also the things that they see
let's listen to this Google assistant
sound this is a this is a Google
assistant which is a computer calling a
hair salon to book an appointment listen
I'm looking for something on May 3rd
that is not a human that is a computer
it sounds just like a human but it's a
computer that woman on the other side of
the phone call had no idea that she was
talking to a computer what do you say
about that well it's amazing that all of
these technologies the the deep fakes
the virtual voice assistants are being
developed in an industry where there's
basically no regulation on how these
technologies are governed there's some
ethics boards that are convening to talk
about how we can use AI responsibly but
basically it's sort of the Wild West
right now can you can you regulate it I
mean are you gonna get into arguments of
free speech here I think that's possible
but I think people are starting to
realize that these technologies are
getting pretty advanced now to the point
where pretty soon it won't just be
theoretical harm it will be actual harm
we're already seeing things being
designed like the Google assistant that
will trick humans that will that will
convince them that they're on the phone
with another human when really it's just
a machine
Congress is having a hard time we've
been regulating what ads can show up on
Facebook and social media I mean they're
clearly behind the times when it comes
to technology that we have right now can
we expect that our lawmakers will be
able to keep up with the way that
technology is changing and how rapidly
it's changing I think that's gonna be
hard because in some cases the thing
that will stop the AI from being used
misused is other AI so in the case of
deep fakes researchers are now working
on programs using the same kind of AI
that will be able to detect when a video
is fixed so in some cases you need the
kind of AI to be able to stop the bad
kind of AI what are you gonna be
watching out for what's your what's on
the horizon for you I'm gonna be looking
at what social media platforms are gonna
be doing to combat this because as we
know most video is seen through YouTube
or Facebook or Twitter and those
platforms have an enormous
responsibility to make sure that they
are not being used as funnels for this
kind of misinformation so their ability
to detect and stop this content from
being spread it's gonna be really is it
clearly that they know they that this
sort of thing could be used for ill I
mean everyone's excited about technology
technology it's exciting to create
something new it's exciting to be able
to put your voice into somebody else's
face yes that's kind of cool oh my god
look look what look what technology can
do is the is the are the consequences as
a parent to the masses yeah I I don't
know that that's the case but what's
what's really troubling to me is that no
one at Google before that announcement
thought maybe this will freak some
people out maybe this maybe everyone's
not gonna think how cool it is that our
a I can now fool the person at the hair
salon
no one is blowing the whistle internally
on these kind of things and I think
that's really scary it reminds me of the
book this circle all of this does
I appreciate it Kevin Roose we we
appreciate your time thank you for for
scaring us today thanks for having me
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
