joining me now is Danny Cevallos
attorney and MSNBC legal analyst and Jim
Ruttenberg of the New York Times who has
been following the twists and turns with
a Michael Cohen's story for weeks
gentlemen thank you very much for being
here Danny I want to start with you how
much should the White House be worried
about Michael Cohen and his potential
jeopardy it should be very worried
because with the revelations of just the
last 24 hours
I can't say that the conduct is squarely
within the federal criminal
anti-corruption statutes but it is
getting alarmingly close last night I
heard Michael Cohen say are not Michael
Kahn Michael avenatti say at minimum at
minimum we're talking about payments for
access and that's a significant
statement because the Supreme Court
recently reeled in anti-corruption law
and suggested that payments for just
access for meetings for for
communication with a public official may
not rise to the level of the
anti-corruption laws however anything
beyond that anything in exchange for an
official act will so the question is
ultimately what was Trump's involvement
and was there an official act involved
well if Donald Trump knew about the
payments would it matter you I would
need more information if he merely knew
that the payments existed because the
many different anti-corruption laws
bribery extortion the mail mail fraud
all the different acts Center on whether
or not there was an official act in
exchange and not even always in exchange
however but the general federal bribery
statute focuses on the quid pro quo that
this for that whether or not there was
an exchange for influencing an official
act for anything of value on the other
end Rudy Giuliani said no absolutely
does not matter well Rudy Giuliani is
very focused on the what I kind of I
think it's sort of a bird in the hand
for investigators which is the idea that
this join me Daniel's payment which is
still the root of all the problems here
initially for them legally and the idea
was this a donation so it starts with
that and then if you're trying to evade
certain laws by channeling a donation
through an LLC shell company you get
more trouble now we find that tell
companies like a public affair
but Washington perhaps the hottest one
in town what do you think of this idea
that that Mike Pence says that this
should be wrapped up essentially because
we are making America great again all
the the tax cuts and the detainees etc
not the legal aspect of it but Mike
Pence politically going out there and
trying to make the argument that you you
just can't risk what we're doing in the
White House with some silly
investigation about election meddling
and whether or not there was
coordination or obstruction of justice
Wow okay so the political argument will
certainly work with certain parts of
their base fine but you can't divorce it
from the legal argument I don't know of
a law that works that way like oh that's
going well for you we're not going to
move forward with the legal
investigation it's a nation of laws
today but are they setting up a
circumstance where they are giving Trump
all of the justification he may need all
of the firepower he may need to start
making start firing and to start
dismantling this investigation trying to
dismiss Robert Waller how does he
dismiss him I mean you kits not that
easy in theory you might have to fire
everybody about whether or not it is
within his purview there are all sorts
of legal arguments there and it could go
to the Supreme Court or they I mean
maybe they're trying to give the
American public a thousand reasons why
they're allowed to do this it could be
one of political pressure but the moves
that the president would have to make
are so dramatic the withdrawing of
regulations at the DOJ the finding of
cause or for cause firing of Robert
Miller are so great that it would be a
real political risk but then again
people on the other side might say hey
this is a president takes political
risks all the time he's done unexpected
things before maybe he would try to get
rid of Moeller by force by figurative
force that is talking about Michael
Cohen in the way that he was pitching
himself to these companies some of them
were overseas companies he according to
the Washington Post pitched potential
clients on his close association with
Donald Trump noting that he still was
the president's lawyer
according to associates he showed photos
of himself with Trump and mentioned how
frequently they spoke even asking people
to share news articles describing him as
the president's fixer why do these
companies pay Michael Cohen six or seven
figures in order to get his expertise on
I don't know
health care or his expertise on
aerospace or as expertise on
telecommunications hey I think he knows
a lot about health care doctor hurts
when I do this don't do that but I think
really what what the what the public
statements have been from both the
companies and from Michael Cohen's camp
is people needed to understand this new
administration this incoming
administration that the lobbying world
wasn't plugged in with this White House
so that's what they're saying there's a
certain on message feel to that and I
think that as this investigation
continues we're gonna see what's behind
it all right you look skeptical if these
companies paid Michael Cohen for Intel
in the form of what does he like for
breakfast what does he like after lunch
when's the best time to negotiate with
him that drags them out of the realm of
the anti-corruption statutes but to the
extent that Michael Cohen may have been
selling any access and to the extent any
federal official was complicit in that
arrangement
you just implicated a large number of
federal corruption statutes let's start
with the money though 1.2 million from
Novartis 500,000 from Columbus Nova
which surprised have some ties to a
Russian oligarch 600 grand from AT&T 150
from the Korea aerospace industries
where did that money go and if it just
went into Michael Cohen's bank account
is this as is this as easy as just
showing the bank records to clear that
no it's not I mean even if it did even
if Michael Cohen reached into that
account and just put it all in in his
pocket number one there will be tax
consequences that number two the
question arises as to what essential
consultants was was it acting as a law
firm if it was if Michael Cohen as its
sole employee officer whatever
what-have-you if he was acting in his
capacity as a lawyer when he settled the
stormy Daniels case was it a de facto
law firm it wasn't registered as one
where's his client trust account where's
his operating account and then when it
comes to federal law what exactly is
this company doing money wakes up
somewhere it has to go to sleep
somewhere and it has to be accounted for
and in our modern digital era it can be
accounted I look back and this all is
you just mentioned ago started with an
investigate
or just an argument about whether or not
Donald Trump had a fair with a pornstar
and whether or not she should be congrat
contractually bound not to talk about it
and sort of that with a hush money
payments right
what is nagging you now where does this
go I think there's a lot bagging me now
but I think it's what's behind what what
are the public statements and again
there are federal investigators who are
learning the answers about that and so
I'm just eager to see what they're
finding out and I want to go back to
that shell company essential consultants
its first known purpose was to pay
stormy dating those money so she
wouldn't speak about an affair during
the king while the campaign was going on
Giuliani said as much right so when AT&T
is hiring Michael Cohen I'm still
curious what do they think when they're
saying okay write the check to essential
consultants LLC if you're hiring Michael
Cohen why aren't you out in the open and
hiring Michael Cohen
why are you hiring this LLC that has no
track record to Washington even small
companies have a legal obligation to do
their due diligence on vendors I mean
you can imagine if you get into business
with a vendor that has a checkered past
how that can reflect badly on your
company so these largest companies that
we know of the notion that they didn't
vet EC and didn't know what was going on
with the EC and I seriously doubt they
found them in the yellow pages or on the
internet because as far as I know it
didn't have a web page so it raises the
question there among the many questions
are how did they find them and where did
this money eventually land I just don't
understand why all the stories keep
changing if you did nothing wrong if
there's nothing nefarious here why does
it take these companies three or four
statements to clear up what's what's
actually happening and why and why do we
keep finding these things out from a
drip drip drip I don't know I don't
think anyone knows we'll just keep
reporting
Danny Cevallos Jim Ruttenberg hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the meat
Pres mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
