joining me now is Republican Congressman
Steve Russell of Oklahoma who was
briefed earlier this week by military
officials on this report he's a retired
Army officer and combat veteran who
traveled to Africa as part of an
investigation into the deaths of these
soldiers congressman thank you for being
here other lawmakers have called this
report explosive they say it raises
questions about future operations there
do you agree with that characterization
well I don't think we need to overreact
I agree with the findings of the report
and look I've been I've been following
this since the day it happened and have
been heavily involved in investigating
it myself even have gone out to the
sites in Africa and talked to many of
the Special Operations leaders etc to
include Nigerian leaders the Defense
Minister and others the findings of the
reports state that the single greatest
cause of the death of our soldiers was
an aggressive opportunistic enemy and I
think that that is accurate but does
that mean you don't believe that the
mission approval process needs to be
re-examined well I think it already has
been reexamined and one thing about the
report is that it was very thorough it
doesn't cut any corners it doesn't try
to whitewash anything it's very open it
presents all of the facts doesn't go
into speculation but presents the facts
and while you may have had things in the
interim or lower levels of the command
structure there where they needed to
perhaps coordinate better or do those
types of things all of the things that
that relates to were accomplished
successfully they went in support of a
mission on another team looking to
capture a guy whether had a factor they
were able to go out and exploit the site
successfully at another location where
they thought he might have been and then
after all of that was done which is by
the way what all of this hubbub is about
a different mission that was all
accomplished when it was over they were
coming back and then they were going to
a village to get water when tungo tungo
engaged with the population got ambushed
on the way out but stepping back from a
more
not just with this incident which which
again our reporting indicates it does
talk about this missile leading mission
reports how rampant is the culture in
the Department of Defense of filing
those what you might call misleading
reports well I don't think it's rampant
at all what you've got to look at is
that the third Special Forces Group has
worked in Africa for decades this is an
area they know they're not out there as
Cowboys they work with these units in
fact many of them come on repeated tours
they went out armed expecting that there
could be danger that's why they were
able to fight like gangbusters to get
themselves out of this situation
and that's a story not being covered as
their bravery well and we do want to
honor their lives and the lives of those
who are lost fighting for this country
overseas one of those lives lost was as
you know sergeant Lee David Johnson
Frederika Wilson a colleague of yours
there in Congress Democrat of course she
has questions about this she has
concerns that she's raising in a new
interview at the post talking about how
this is strange she calls a very
suspicious very unsettling for herself
and for the sergeant's family do you
have the same concerns about what
happened to Sergeant job I think I you
know we we've been in some of the same
hearings together she came in for one of
our classified hearings you know with
respect to miss Wilson and I served on a
committee with her last session of
Congress I don't think that she has the
context or the comprehension of the
military operations quite frankly what I
will say is 'la David Johnson was a hero
that day he went down fighting he wasn't
captured he wasn't any of that all of
these speculations and it wasn't like he
wasn't trained he was a by name request
as I support to the Special Forces they
get to pick who they want to support it
he was a by name request to repeat and
go back with them that's what kind of
soldier he was he was very trained and
he was a hero that day Congressman Steve
Russell thank you for coming on and
talking us through that equation so much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
