you know money power politics is my
favorite part of the show but today
let's Jack it up even higher we are
talking about workers and benefits
lawmakers cannot seem to make any
movement towards legislation to protect
workers so companies companies are
starting to take matters into their own
hands the issues that are front and
center wage inequality family leave and
the two tiers of employees that can have
completely different experiences or
benefits working for the exact same
company one extraordinary CEO believes
it is time for corporations to treat
workers fairly and she's starting it
with her own company
Jennifer Hyman she's the co-founder and
CEO of Rent the Runway welcome I saw
your op-ed in the New York Times this
week and thought it was stunning what
stood out to me you said it is time for
business leaders to step up and fulfill
not only their fiduciary duty to
shareholders but also their moral duty
to society to treat every worker equally
that is an extraordinary sentiment but
more than a sentiment you're doing it
what are you doing
well we equalized benefits across all of
our employees and all of our teams I
realized that I had inadvertently
created two classes of employees at my
own company and further perpetuated
income inequality and lack of mobility
so my more educated relatively more
privileged corporate employees we're
getting very generous parental leave and
flexibility in bereavement policies and
my warehouse and customer service
employees were receiving bare bones
policies that left them with not only no
flexibility but limited ability to care
for an ill loved one or grieve after the
death of a family member and it is
really to rob someone of those
experiences is to rob them of their
humanity other corporations other CEOs
might say I simply can't afford to do
that I have to focus on my shareholders
on my bottom line and I have to offer
good benefits to my college educated
employees but my factory workers they're
more disposable what do you say to those
Seton
I would say that while this might seem
like it's expensive in the short run in
the long run this is actually going to
save my business money it's gonna lead
to higher employee retention lower
training costs higher productivity we
know that 70% of Millennials which is
the majority of the labor force at this
point wants to work at companies that
exemplify their values and I think that
even more so there are hidden costs that
exists that CEOs don't even know about
or understand so for instance a employee
in my warehouse team when I announced
the new policy of pet paid family sick
leave expressed that she had intended to
quit her job the following week because
her own daughter was getting a c-section
and she needed to stay home and care for
her daughter and beforehand she didn't
have that flexibility to actually take
paid family sick leave she was intending
to quit I never would have known the
reason why she was even leaving read the
runway so there are so many examples of
this that are hidden to employers so
would your message to lawmakers be why
don't they put some regulation in place
and laws in place to push companies to
do this
this is a very forward thinking evolved
approach and there's a lot of CEOs who
don't think the way you do they could be
forced to if the government made them I
think that it is a shame and shame on us
as citizens that we haven't demanded
this from our government but in the
meantime business leaders need to step
up to be moral leaders and to actually
recognize that they're in positions to
affect millions of people in their lives
and that no one person's life is more
important than another person's life I
had a child last year and even though I
am the CEO of Rent the Runway my having
a child is not more important than any
other person at my company having a
child did you get any pushback did you
get any pushback from executives
investors who would say this isn't going
to help our bottom line and this is a
bold move I didn't my board was
extremely supportive
and was so supportive of this and
understood that it would end up not only
saving us money but also contributing to
retention across the board one of the
things that was remarkable to me is when
I launched this at the company the
employees who were the most excited
about these changes were my corporate
employees I didn't even change benefits
for my corporate employees I just
equalized them amongst everyone but my
corporate employees were so excited that
we were actually walking the walk when
it comes to our values of empowering
people I am excited to learn about this
to hear about this and to get to spend a
few minutes with you this morning that
is called great corporate leadership hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
