welcome back everyone joining us now
from Washington DC with a look at Axios
and the co-founder of Axios himself Mike
Allen Mike great to have you with us
very busy very historic night what is
axis is one big thing for this morning
yeah Axios is one big thing is looking
ahead to that summit and president
Trump's plan to out-crazy Kim so here's
what Advisors mean when they say that an
unpredictability they tell us is the
president strategy that he thinks that
other presidents who've got in these
summits have been overly scripted he
says they're over there trying to
analyze what I'm saying they don't
really know what I'm gonna do he loves
trying to watch the media guess what
he's gonna do watch the media
psychoanalyze him behind the scenes
President Trump says they have no idea
so as he looks ahead to this summit he
is optimistic about figuring out Kim
because the sort of mindset in the White
House is a great quote that someone gave
to Jonathan Swan they said Kim jong-un
has always been about seeming crazy and
Trump's approach is you think that's
crazy how about this Wow
we're gonna we're gonna quote you on
that we're gonna be like out crazy crazy
hold my beer watch this talking per your
reporting Mike talk about some of the
challenges the president faces ahead
with regards to this summit well I was
watching the special report on MSNBC and
NBC News overnight and we saw there the
president say my proudest achievement
will be when we denuclearize that entire
Peninsula but the key is gonna be
verifying that like what does
denuclearize mean and that will be the
key to how real this achievement is
let's switch gears for a moment because
I want to ask about what axis is looking
at and that is something that is lurking
in the background the midterm elections
Dundrum Donald Trump jr. has some plans
for that to play a big role what are you
guys hearing in terms of what he plans
on doing in terms of influencing some of
these key contests yes so the president
son is going to be out there a lot and
connecting with the base he especially
likes the sort of Second Amendment part
of Trump's base
the outdoors part we're gonna see him
raising money we're gonna see him at
rallies and he's even hiring up and he's
her avian an aide who worked in the
White House what Steve Bannon is joining
the Don junior team so Don junior is
gonna have his own little operation
heading into 2018 what are some of the
key states that Don junior is gonna hone
in on with regards to this sort of
midterm blitz that he's heading into
well here's a little secret he's gonna
go to states where he doesn't hurt and
that's a short list but that list
includes West Virginia where we're told
he'll probably go first we'll see him in
Indiana we'll see him in Montana will
see him in Missouri so all very key
Senate races where he thinks that he can
push up the Trump base cuz here's the
key you have to turn Trump voters into
Republican voters and you remember with
President Obama that was a problem Obama
voters weren't always democratic voters
they have to make that translate I want
to ask you also about what access is
reporting and what it's calling the
Michael Cohen Avalanche I wonder what
that could possibly mean but there's
obviously a lot of news coming out
involving Michael Cohen how damaging are
these new revelations especially their
involvement in connection to the
president will you talk to people around
the president and they say that Michael
Cohen is the most potentially perilous
person for the president we've been
saying for a long time on your air that
he knows everything has seen everything
but now separately from that with all
these money revelations that we've seen
on your air now it's just so much more
complicated and so there's two facts
that jumped out at me one is from the
coverage you look at the fact that the
18 t payments to Mahler excuse me pay
payments to Michael Cohen we now know
that Bob Mahler has known about those
for at least five months the 18 t
statement says they were asked about him
in November so Muller has been focusing
on the money trail to Cohen for at least
five months that's big and second we see
the Treasury Department has started an
investigation into the leak
of these banking records that the storm
lawyer Michael avenatti has been showing
on your air and elsewhere Wow incredible
developments there I'm Mike Allen thank
you very much live in Washington DC this
morning of course when we reading Axia
Sam in just a little bit and to all of
our viewers out there of course you too
can sign up for the newsletter by simply
going to access calm right that does it
for us hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
