Joyce does this Cohen filing tonight
which you described it's one of the
smarter attorneys you'll ever meet
describe to our producer as a weird
critter procedurally they're trying to
kick Michael they're trying to kick
avenatti out of court in New York does
this filing tonight change what is in
effect as we said our lead story the the
body of a vanadis of documents it's
interesting on a couple of fronts Brian
for one thing the letter obviously
reveals a couple of flaws and a vanadis
data but it also perhaps gives us an
interesting clue into where a vanadis
information came from the fact that
there are a couple of inclusions in this
report that aren't allegedly from
Michael Cohen the New York lawyer but
rather for other Michael Cohen's
indicates perhaps that the name was run
through some sort of a government
terminal and came up with some good hits
and some bad hits so that's an
interesting takeaway here guy what did
this change when a vanadis documents
came out last night did it change how
you view this case and where do you
think we're headed here well despite
what Brian despite what avenatti was
saying earlier in the broadcast I don't
think it's good to file papers with a
federal judge and even be wrong three
four or five percent of the time to make
mistakes which if true that they've
they've gotten the the names wrong
they've gotten amounts wrong they've
gotten transactions wrong even though
the bulk of it may be right I still
don't think that's good for avenatti I
mean look I'm not a fan and never had
been a fan when I was with the
government and now that I represent
people on the other side I'm not a fan
of trying your cases in the media and
and clearly that's avenatti strategy
here well let me ask a clearer question
do you think what we learned from
avenatti last night only changed what we
learn about this case what the public
knows about this case and what
always been true remains true Muller's
proceeding at his altitude Southern
District of New York preceding it
there's and we get to know a small small
portion of it I think that's right Brian
and I also agree with Joyce as well in
as much as you've got even another level
of an investigative agency who's now
announced their presence which is the
Treasury Department I think these were
that he included information based from
SARS speche suspicious activity reports
si RS which are generally filed by
financial institutions and then they go
to the Treasury Department and so
somebody's either leaked that from the
financial institution or they've leaked
it from the Treasury Department I think
one of two would be my guess and we
should point out mr. avenatti last again
tonight is not sharing where he got all
this from mr. Koster I'd like to share a
bit of the work of your colleagues at
the Washington Post it's about mr. Cohen
and it reads president Trump had been
sworn into office and his personal
attorney Michael Cohen saw a golden
opportunity from his perch in a law
office in this very building on the 23rd
floor of New York's Rockefeller Center
Cohen pitched potential clients on his
close association with Trump noting that
he still was the president's lawyer
according to associates he showed photos
of himself with Trump and mentioned how
frequently they spoke even asking people
to share news articles describing him as
the president's fixer I'm crushing it he
said according to an associate who spoke
to him in the summer of 2017 Robert
you've known this man for quite a while
as that the Michael Cohen you know he's
always been a hard-charging associate of
then businessman Donald Trump now
president Donald Trump what's intriguing
now about the Cohen case talking to
Mayor Giuliani tonight just before he
went to that Yankees game is that they
believe that if Muller was really
concerned about Cohen in relation to the
president he wouldn't have delegated the
case to the Southern District of New
York and the Trump legal team tonight is
in a protection mode around their client
the President of the United States
knowing that
Cowen's battling Michael a vanetti and
you don't see Giuliani on TV tonight
except texting French from that Yankees
game because they're trying not to get
drawn into Cohen's problems legally and
you it's really interesting to hear
Giuliani talked that through and other
people close to the president through
they know Cohen's close to the president
but they're trying to disassociate the
president from that longtime fixer yeah
we've heard some of that at the White
House tell me within reason within
bounds of what you can share what
Giuliani did say to you and and what
you've been able to ascertain as to his
his mindset these days his mindset these
days is the presidential interview still
up for grabs
is it going to happen or not sitting
down with Robert Muller that's the
decision they have to make and he says
if they're not going to do the interview
they expect maybe to get a subpoena from
the special counsel and then it becomes
a weeks long if not months long legal
fight
Joyce Vance if I pronounced you Robert
Muller what questions would you ask of
companies like Novartis and AT&T which
I'm quite sure were surprised to find
themselves drawn into this publicly you
know absolutely and these are
fascinating questions for the Moller
investigation there perhaps a little bit
of a curveball interesting to
contemplate whether they're part of the
core molar investigation but these are
questions about were they in essence
being offered the opportunity to buy
access to buy influence to this new
administration is that what their
connection with the president's fix are
involved is that illegal at any level I
mean this kind of influence is bought
and sold every day in Washington you
know maybe maybe not we don't know
enough about the facts it certainly is
an accumulation of the swamp that Trump
ran against law in this country it's
interesting if this was foreign law it
would be illegal under a statute called
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act most
likely but in this country there's
recent Supreme Court case law that makes
it very difficult for prosecutors to
allege this sort of pay for pay-to-play
conduct as a crime and there is a case
in Virginia involve
thing McDonnell and that case came out
poorly for the government so it might be
very difficult for this to be indicted
as criminal conduct hey guy just back to
avenatti for a second I know you said
there's a certain danger in submitting
anything to federal court with a any
kind of percentage rate of error does it
matter and to whom where and how he got
these documents these records it may
Brian because the way this is the
posture of this thing's very interesting
the lawyers for Cohen have opposed a
vanadis request to even practice in
front of Judge wood they've come in and
they've said look he is on the media
he's poisoning the the in essence the
jury pool he's submitting false and
misleading documents to the court he
shouldn't be allowed to practice in the
Southern District of New York
very aggressive stand I've only seen it
in doing this for about thirty five
years I've only seen that once or maybe
twice in extreme circumstance usually
I'm told kind of a courtesy to allow
someone to argue a single case Robert
Kosta final question for you
I heard a bunch of journalists today
talking about how what avenatti has done
with these documents is kind of proved
that if you want to look at stormy
Daniels as a tawdry sideshow you can but
those people who always thought it was a
subset of the Russia investigation have
been proven right where do you come down
that's an important point because what
thus the the relationship the NDA that
was agreed to by mr. Cohen and Miss
Stephanie Clifford is one issue but
really the funding of that NDA has
really become the issue how did Michael
Cohen finance that non-disclosure
agreement and and what was his source of
income more generally speaking at the
time of that non-disclosure agreement
because that he is so close to President
Trump that reporters are hoping and
perhaps lawyers to illuminate more
but what we don't understand about how
Michael Cohen's financial dealings
worked and whether that ever had an
impact or an effect on the president
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
