welcome back these new details about
Michael Cohen's corporate clients
reports that his consulting appeared to
involve some level of promised access to
the president it's putting the White
House in an even further uncomfortable
position tonight the details have raised
questions about whether the president
knew anything about these arrangements
today the White House press secretary
was asked nearly a dozen times about
Cowen's transactions and any possible
connections to trump do you know whether
mr. Cohen ever approached the White
House as a representative of any of
those companies whether the president
was aware of the payments or whether he
was aware that mr. Boehner was marketing
himself I'm not aware again I would
refer you to the outside counsel the
president promised to dream the swap so
does he feel it's appropriate that
Michael Cohen his personal attorney was
selling access to again I'm not gonna
weigh into this that's a determination
that individual companies have to make
and I haven't spoken with the president
the president taken any action during
this administration to benefit Novartis
AT&T Korea aerospace nothing more you
may recall and we are somewhat
duty-bound to point out the notion of
paying for access was a topic Donald
Trump returned to often during the
campaign and it's called pay-for-play
it's true it's illegal you're paying and
you're getting things but it came out to
her people pay-for-play but this was big
stuff pay-for-play it's illegal fast
forward to today and as to what else we
might be witnessing at work here Phil
Rucker of the Washington Post puts it
this way in his latest piece quote by
making brash and risky moves on the
world stage from shredding the Iran
nuclear deal to negotiating nuclear
disarmament with the North Koreans to
imposing tariffs on Chinese imports
Trump has a chance to change the way
voters evaluate his presidency for Trump
each bold stroke is like a spritz of
Febreze on his narrative of domestic
scandal momentarily masking the
expanding Russia probe of Special
Counsel Robert Muller or the federal
criminal investigation into his law
I'm attorney and fixer Michael Cohen the
aforementioned Phil Rucker is with us
tonight he's the Pulitzer prize-winning
Whitehouse bureau chief for the
Washington Post and MSNBC political
analyst as well also with us
Anita Kumar White House correspondent
for McClatchy Newspapers Phil nice turn
of phrase the crowd is still cheering
the ball is still going over the fence
after you filed that one what do you
think the biggest fear is at the White
House and obviously how does it feed
into the narrative you wrote about well
the fear continues to be Michael Cohen
and and what more are we going to learn
about his business arrangements about
what he used that money for about
whether there were other payments to
other women that have not been publicly
disclosed and the danger here is that
the the disclosure of Michael avenatti
last night depicts a whole business that
Cohen had that the public didn't know
about and that goes directly to the
White House he was quite literally
selling his access to a knowledge of
President Trump and his associates to
corporations for millions of dollars and
the White House has not yet come up with
a you know answer of any kind let alone
a satisfactory one to explain why Cohen
might have been doing that why the
president's personal lawyer was offering
those services and what the president
knew about the arrangement
Anita our friend and longtime GOP
political aide Steve Schmidt was on with
Nicole Wallace today we were going to
run that for you but it was a a
soliloquy he delivered about the swap in
Washington about how rampant corruption
seems to be this president who did run
on swamp drainage is fighting this now
counter-narrative what are members of
his base likely to say what are they
likely to make of it yeah I mean we've
been seeing over the past you know 16
months different ways that he has failed
to drain the swamps so not just this but
lobbyists in this administration you
know failure to disclose certain
financial agreements things like that so
it's
something that I've been talking to a
lot of Trump supporters out there about
not particularly today but just you know
has the president during the swamp and
what do you think of this and what I
keep hearing over and over is that they
are disappointed but not really
surprised but the funny thing about is
they don't really blame him the person
they say that Donald Trump is just one
person you can't expect him to get rid
of you know this whole culture that's in
Washington and 15 and 16 months maybe
not even in one term so they're
disappointed they don't like it they
want him to act faster but they're not
that upset with him and Phil there's two
aspects of this I keep thinking about
and maybe you can speak to them given
your knowledge of Donald Trump number
one think of what Cohen knows was
vacuumed up in his home his hotel room
and his office think of that in terms of
Donald Trump not liking surprises number
two Donald Trump aspect is he usually
needs an enemy an opponent and this
doesn't fit nicely into that category
it does not there's no easy opponent
here I mean it's one thing when he can
go after Robert Moeller and the quote
unquote witch-hunt but this is different
this is his personal lawyer and and a
lot of these personal private records
that have been vacuumed up clearly
Michael Cohen knows what the feds have
but I'm not sure Donald Trump knows
everything that the feds have and
certainly the White House officials
don't know what the feds have and one
thing to point out Brian we'd be remiss
if we didn't talk a little bit about how
this pay-to-play pattern has been a
problem for many others in the
administration in the last few months
most notably the Environmental
Protection Agency administrator Scott
through it who has come under a barrage
of headlines over many months
disclosures in the news media about
effectively acting as a grifter taking
advantage of taxpayer funds taking
advantage of perks many of them
unethical by lobbyists and there's a
danger here for Trump in a political
context that his administration becomes
defined by a stain of corruption yeah
normas and the ethics lawyer said
tonight he believes Pruett is under no
fewer than eleven separate
investigations which is stag
a job yes exactly
Anita later in this broadcast and later
tonight we're going to be talking about
the return of these detainees from North
Korea in normal times that would be a
front-page story that would get a good
ride a a news cycle or two but as no one
needs to remind you Anita we could wake
up tomorrow morning to just the latest
headline on all things Russia and it
could be washed away having happened
while most Americans slept right it's
true but this president is trying to
really use this moment tonight you know
there the the Americans are supposed to
come back in the middle of the night
2:00 a.m. he has decided to go there
with the first lady to greet them at the
airport he has opened the event to all
media just not the pool that you know
normally travels with him so he's really
trying to make it a TV moment and he's
hoping to capitalize on that and he
hopes that people will wake up to it in
the morning hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
