rollin with his breaking news right now
because about 15 minutes ago we learned
that there would be a meeting in the
Oval Office between President Trump and
his UN Ambassador nikki Haley the woman
that you see on the left side of your
screen there Haley has been the UN
Ambassador she has stepped into that
role she clashed initially in the Trump
administration with former Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson but seems to have
gotten along with current Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo Haley has been a
foreign policy presence but now NBC News
has learned that she has told her staff
she plans to resign foreign affairs
correspondent for NBC News Andrea
Mitchell is joining us now live and
Andrea this was not expected this was a
surprise I think to a lot of folks here
in Washington terms but not before the
midterms so there's a question as to
whether there are political ambitions in
play here she of course strongly denied
reports that she was the anonymous
writer in the island the critical op-ed
in the New York Times she said when she
has problems with the president she
speaks to him directly
and privately we've known that there
have been some issues certainly on
immigration she has a background coming
from and coming from a background of
parents who were from India and also not
happy about some of the other policies
at the United Nations but certainly we
have not seen this coming this soon
Hallie and Andrea we don't yet know the
reasons why Haley is stepping away from
this position correct that's correct it
could be a number of issues it could be
personal it could be any number of
issues but everything of course is seen
in the political context there was
tremendous tension between nikki Haley
and Rex Tillerson the first secretary of
state things were a lot smoother with
Mike Pompeo but Pompeo of course has
such close access to the president that
she certainly has always been an
outsider if you will and the most
prominent woman in the cabinet also
someone who came from a background that
conflicted with a lot of the president's
policies we saw when she was South
Carolina governor and the way she
reacted to the monument issue in South
Carolina after the horrible tragedy at
mother Emanuel Church
she has been an extraordinarily popular
figure within
Republican politics and also independent
politics she has by all accounts a very
bright political future has even been
mentioned as a possible running mate or
candidate herself for national office in
the future so well don't know what
reasons might have precipitated this
we'll hear very shortly we leave from
the Oval Office
which the pool has gathered for but
right now we don't know exactly why
nikki Haley is resigning but we know
according to at least one very good
source that she did inform her team her
staff today that she is stepping down as
UN ambassador of course this is a
position that was once held by John
Bolton he was never confirmed he was a
recess appointment very controversial
appointment and very contentious
ambassador to the United Nations and she
has been far more diplomatic than
certainly but the Bolton National
Security Adviser her stepping down from
this position though will really
solidify depending on who replaces her
solidified Bolton as a very powerful
figure he and his deputy Myka Ricardo
are becoming increasingly powerful in
their presence within the inner circle
Andrea in your view what will be the
defining moment of Nikki Haley's 10
years UN Ambassador well it remains to
be seen it depends on what reasons she's
stepping down what she says in her
resignation because she was very
discreet about objecting to the
president's policies in certain in
certain instances she certainly did not
step forward and and object to fire and
fury and Rocketman and the controversial
UN speech she did not say anything when
the president took on China in his
National Security Council meeting in
this UN Security Council meeting rather
just a couple of weeks ago at the UN
meetings so she hasn't signified any
split with the President on key issues I
suppose after Charlottesville that would
be the most noteworthy example of her
standing up and indicating discomfort
with what the president said and at one
point didn't she also tell one
organization that the president's
accusers should be heard that
that was a notable break at that point
too right yeah that that that's a very
good point and we don't know whether she
was uncomfortable with the Cavanaugh
confirmation process normally a foreign
policy adviser would not have been
questioned on that so we had I don't
think we've seen anything about it from
her and I would doubt that her
resignation if it is on the matter of
such principle and such disagreement
with the president would be signified by
a meeting in the Oval Office it would
write in a very different way and what
are you making that it because the
president is bringing nikki Haley to the
White House you heard that our colleague
general Bennett saw her walk in she kind
of gave a smile and a wave and that was
about it the president tweeting about a
big announcement with his friend nikki
Haley this is not a contentious
falling-out like we have the exact thing
fired by tweet like we've seen in the
past
no 840 in the morning on the East Coast
Rex Tillerson after a trip to Asia
waking up on a Monday morning to
discover that he was fired and denying
it initially not realizing that it was
indeed official that is not the case
Mike Pompeo by the way just got back
from Pyongyang and Beijing in a very
difficult trip in Beijing where he was
chewed out by his his counterpart the
Foreign Minister Wang Yi for those
strong statements that the president and
then mike pence made against China last
week and this could certainly undercut
the diplomatic initiative in Pyongyang
but he said he had a very good meeting
in Pyongyang certainly the president
talking about falling in love with Kim
jong-un is a much more forward-leaning
than Mike Pompeo has been but Pompeo is
a very strong Secretary of State and
very close to the president and that
certainly made nikki Haley less powerful
thank you for checking out our YouTube
channel why don't you subscribe it's
really easy just click on that button
down there and for more news from MSNBC
click on any of these videos here for
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
