well it was like every day since Michael
avenatti entered his life a crazy day
for Michael Cohen
avenatti these documents is it after how
do you feel about you may have changed
an election
people who've known Michael Cohen a long
time tell me this is what he's always
wanted to be a celebrity a celebrity and
sunglasses surrounded by the paparazzi
that's why he wanted to be in Trump
World he wanted to be at least near a
celebrity Donald Trump that's what
people who knew him before he knew
Donald Trump tell me about Michael Cohen
and so the good news for Michael Cohen
is finally paparazi are gathered outside
his door and so he loves that part
that's why he walks out of the Regency
Hotel and says good morning to the
awaiting cameras and when asked how is
he he says I'm great as if he's a movie
star and the Oscars red carpet and for
that second Michael Cohen is standing on
the tip of the highest peak he's ever
been on in his life way up there in the
thinner air of his very own celebrity
and then in the next second he's brought
crashing back down to earth by the two
words that have made him such a
celebrity Michael avenatti any comment
about Michael avenatti any response and
Michael Cohen coming as close as he can
to speaking grammatically correct
English says his documents is inaccurate
and for once Michael Cohen is right the
documents that stormy Daniels lawyer
Michael avenatti presented to us on this
program last night showing four and a
half million dollars going into and out
of the LLC that Michael Cohen created in
order to pay storming general is a
hundred and thirty thousand dollars to
keep her quiet those documents contains
some minor inaccuracies that Michael
avenatti
has been owning up to as soon as they
were discovered sitting here last night
Michael avenatti described four million
four hundred twenty-five thousand thirty
three dollars and forty six cents
that flowed through essential
consultants LLC and Michael Cohen's bank
accounts the document Michael avenatti
released that summarized the flow of
that money contains possible
inaccuracies about four transactions
amounting to 20,000 583 dollars so that
makes Michael a vanadis document 99.6%
accurate one of the inaccuracies in
Michael a vanadis document was a wire
transfer from Kenya to Michael Cohen for
$980 but it was not Michael Cohen the
man who has said he would take a bullet
for Donald Trump it was a 26 year old
Israeli named Michael Cohen who told NBC
News I am an avionics technician in El
Al airlines the 26 year old Michael
Cohen said he had no idea how the mix-up
could have occurred but said he's been
getting lots of attention my whole
family was surprised friends called me
it was a crazy day so it was a crazy day
for Michael Cohen's all over the world
because of Michael a vanadis ninety nine
point six percent accurate revelation of
giant flows of corporate money into the
accounts of the man who's always liked
to call himself Donald Trump's fixer
last night Michael avenatti told us
there were possibly more payments to
Michael Cohen than he discovered and
today that was proven true Michael
avenatti showed the pharmaceutical
company Novartis paying almost $400,000
to Michael Cohen but today the company
was forced to admit that it paid Michael
Cohen 1.2 million dollars over the
course of a year that's a hundred
thousand a month which the company or
Michael Cohen seemed intent on recording
as something less than a hundred
thousand dollars a month each payment
was ninety nine thousand nine hundred
eighty dollars all the companies
involved with Michael Cohen are now
offering explanations of why they
funneled massive amounts of money to a
man with no known skills
who couldn't even successfully execute a
payoff to a pornstar to stay quiet about
the most embarrassing sex of her
semi-public sex life the corporate
payments of Michael Cohen are to Michael
Cohen are the very definition of filling
the swamp with money the Washington
influence swamp that Donald Trump lied
about to his voters when he promised to
drain that swamp AT&T paid Michael Cohen
$50,000 a month at the beginning of the
Trump presidency
most likely in the hope that Michael
Cohen would somehow convince the
President to support ATT's merger with
Time Warner and assorted
other interests AT&T has with federal
regulators AT&T failed to get Trump
administration support for their merger
but who knows what else
AT&T might have gotten in exchange for
their Michael Cohen money with regards
to the myriad federal regulations that
affect AT&T business pharmaceutical
company Novartis tried to get away with
simply blaming their former CEO in their
public statement last night but we
learned much more about the Novartis
deal today an unnamed Novartis official
told NBC News that Michael Cohen reached
out to the company after the election
and promised access to the new
administration
Novartis says that they paid Michael
Cohen a hundred thousand dollars a month
for advice on US healthcare policy
matters and according to sources at the
company Novartis had exactly one meeting
with Michael Cohen three months into the
deal and by the end of that meeting they
realized they were wasting their money
one unnamed Novartis employee told the
healthcare publication stat quote they
decided not to really engage Cohen for
any activities after that the employee
continued rather than attempt to cancel
the contract the company allowed it to
lapse early in 2018 and not run the risk
of ticking
the president it might have caused anger
this person said if they cancelled that
contract when they discovered that
president Trump's friend Michael Cohen
was absolutely useless to them new
reporting in the Washington Post tonight
quotes Michael Cohen as saying I'm
crushing it when all the money was
pouring in and now it is apparently
crushing him the Washington Post reports
that as he's facing mounting legal bills
Michael Cohen refinanced his Park Avenue
condominium in recent days according to
public documents as expected last night
everyone tried to get the answer to my
first question to Michael avenatti last
night which is how did he get this
information about money flowing to and
from Michael Cohen no reporters have
figured that out yet but Michael Cohen's
lawyers may have landed on the best way
to find out in a letter to the judge
considering how to handle the evidence
in Michael cones case in federal court
in Manhattan
Michael cones lawyers said that Michael
avenatti quote appears to be in
possession of some information from mr.
cones actual bank records he should be
required to explain to this court how he
came to possess and release this
information hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
