thing one tonight primary day in America
has come and gone as has the brief and
glorious political career of Don
Blankenship at least for now he is of
course the former coal company executive
who is released from prison last year
after serving a year for mine safety
violations connected to an explosion
that killed 29 people he then ran for US
Senate and talked about China people
this idea that calling somebody a China
person I mean I'm an American person I
don't see this continuation by the press
that there's something racist about
saying China versus some people for
Korean persons and some of them are
African person he also began referring
to majority leader of the Senate as
cocaine Mitch making a bizarre
connection to a report that a shipping
vessel owned by Mitch McConnell's
father-in-law was discovered to have
drugs on board in 2014 one of my goals
as US senator will be to ditch cocaine
Mitch I will beat Joe Manchin and ditch
cocaine Mitch for the sake of the kids
and it's truly surprising shocking that
that guy with all of that charisma that
incredible add Don Blankenship came in
third in yesterday's GOP primary for US
Senate seat in West Virginia the state's
Attorney General Patrick Morrissey won
Blankenship conceded and cocaine Mitch
rubbed it in that's thing too in 60
seconds so after shooting for the stars
down Blankenship finished last in
yesterday's GOP primary in West Virginia
and in last night's concession speech he
pondered the impact of his more
questionable campaign tactics and I'm
being asked of course whether some of
the things we did whether it's cocaine
Mitch or whether it's some of the other
criticisms of Mitch McConnell or whether
it's China people made the difference I
really don't think so yes how did I lose
let me count the ways to president rabe
who had urged West Virginians not to
vote for him Blankenship wrote an open
letter which reads in part you yourself
also spread fake news against me but the
burn of the night came from the man
Blankenship called cocaine Mitch whose
team tweeted this note when the results
were in thanks for playing Don featuring
Mitch McConnell McConnell and a cloud of
cocaine it's a Photoshop
sad for the Netflix show narcos don
blankenship was not amused mitch
mcconnell's cocaine tweet is just more
proof that he is not an America person
thousands die from cocaine use year
after year and he thinks it's funny that
his family shipping business hauls
cocaine on the high seas really not sure
if that part is true but thus endeth the
brief and unsuccessful Senate bid of
convicted felon Don Blankenship there
was however at least one silver lining
at midnight just hours after he came in
a distant third in the Republican Senate
primary Don Blankenship s' year-long
probation came to an end and he has
plans go on vacation you know I'm all
for probation and that at midnight I've
not been able to go places I like to go
for three years now and I'll get my guns
back i'm gonna win either way tonight
hey there i'm chris hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
