very excited to announce be best an
awareness campaign dedicated to the most
valuable and fragile among us our
children my hope is that together we can
be best at helping children and families
find effective ways to educate
themselves and support each other I'm
asking you all to join me in providing
support and guidance to our children so
that we can make a real difference of
course first lady Melania
Melania Trump on Monday introducing her
b-best initiative which addresses the
major issues facing children in this
country today
an hour later Attorney General Jeff
Sessions held a press conference however
on the California border with Mexico to
announce that all illegal border
crossers will be referred to the Justice
Department for prosecution he also
threatened to separate children from
their parents at the border I have put
in place a zero tolerance policy for
illegal entry on our southwest border if
you cross the border unlawfully then we
will prosecute you it's that simple
if you smuggle illegal aliens across our
border then we will prosecute you if you
are smuggling a child then we will
prosecute you
and that child may be separated from you
as required by law
so if you're going to come to this
country come here legally
don't come here illegally well then
watch the Post editorial board notes
that sessions policy of separating
parents and children is intentionally an
unpolished and apologetically punitive
they write this sessions has rebranded
the United States as a cruel place than
the countries from which people are
fleeing also this week president sent a
request to Congress to cut seven billion
dollars from the children's health
insurance program also in this chip the
program provides health care to millions
of low-income children I'm joined now by
Ruth Marcus editorial deputy editorial
page editor of The Washington Post and
an MSNBC contributor well you you have a
lot to do with expressing this opinion
for the post let me ask you about first
of all we were chips then we'll do the
other
policy chip it just seems to me if
you're gonna cut a program even to do it
on paper even numerically an accounting
gimmick why would you want to be known
as the party that cuts children's health
the children's health insurance program
is one of the best most cost-efficient
most effective expansions of children's
health and of health insurance around it
is the right thing to do children are
cheap to insure but they need health
insurance it goes to families who make
too much to be eligible for Medicaid
it's a great use of government dollars
the so why this it look this is just
they care about the well yeah but they
care about a different PR problem this
is being pushed by House Republicans and
the administration who want to make
themselves look better in the eyes of
conservatives because they passed this
big spending bill and they want to now
look fiscally conservative which by the
way they are not they passed a huge tax
cut they passed a big spending bill now
the only thing that they can find to
engage in rescission on to take it back
is some well I know what you want me to
do I'll stop talking so there's no the
only thing that they can find to cut is
kids come on give me a break
well this reminds me of a movie we both
loved was 25 years ago we had Dave of
course in which I briefly appeared and
it's still relevant today let's watch a
clip with the first lady played by
Sigourney Weaver confronts the president
over funding for children don't put on
this man-of-the-people routine and then
do something like this you know very
well that was not a works bill that you
vetoed that would have given those
children homes when I think of that
spectacle you put on with a little boy
and the magic trick what's wrong with a
magic trick it was some magic you made
their funding disappear there's no
mistake bill when you veto their funding
that's not a mistake when you hurt
someone intentionally that is not a
mistake love that movie that was Barbara
Bush in many ways the border and what
session said well but by the way I do
need to say
on the chip that it may be that this is
just budget gimmickry rather than
actually cutting funding CBO says
Congressional Budget Office says because
these are kind of special in case of
emergency funds that will come when the
rainy day comes to ninety million was
either gonna be from the children okay
the border this is a look we heard the
first lady speaking with passion and I'm
sure sincerity about how we need to
protect the most vulnerable and fragile
children who are children right and now
you take people coming across the border
with their children why are they coming
across the border with their children to
try to give their children a better life
which is what parents want for their
children everywhere and you're gonna try
to deter them and this is the sort of
best-case scenario excuse that they use
that well if we are going to if they
know that they're going to be separated
they will be deterred from coming but
what kind of country behaves this way
and and I think that the disconnect
between the first lady one hour and the
Attorney General on the other hour has
to do with the way that this
administration thinks about immigrants
they do not think of them as and you
hear this and the president's comments
about breeding the president's comments
about animals hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
