ready Cosman Joaquin Castro he serves in
the House Intelligence Committee with
Devon Nunez and he like struggles of
MSNBC you know congressman Castro this
is a horrible claim but it sounds like
the chairman of your committee the
Republican chair mr. Nunez is seeking
information from the mower Commission
the mower investigation so he can feed
it to the people being investigated
ie Trump you know that's absolutely
possible at this point there's no
question that really almost since this
investigation started that Devon units
has been in the service of President
Trump that as I've mentioned before he
has made his career a sacrifice fly for
Donald Trump and it wouldn't be
surprising if he's doing it again but
the reason for the intelligence
committees creation was to keep an eye
on the intelligence services to keep
them straight and what's he doing well
you know he's basically doing everything
that he can to muddy the waters and and
oftentimes I think to smear the
intelligence agencies on behalf of the
president and I think make it easier for
him to get rid of mr. Rosenstein and
perhaps others who were conducting the
Moller investigation well let's look at
two possibilities one is the overload
there was so many requests so many
demands for paper did you just wear them
out and the other one is to get all that
information and hand it over to the
White House no that's right and you know
what's so bizarre is that this is a
Republican administration being
subpoenaed by a Republican chairman and
ignoring the subpoena and now perhaps
facing a charge of contempt you know
that is just bizarre that they can't
even agree on any of this stuff and are
fighting each other how bizarre is it as
bizarre I felt like Johnny Carson is it
as bizarre of going down the old
executive office building next to the
White House
coming back with info and then next day
going back and giving it to the west
wing of the White House of course then
it's about the same like what do you
make it as what is that what did the
Republican what's the Republican chair
of the Intelligence Committee good
because he's so different than the
Republican chair of the Senate
Intelligence Committee who's working
with mark
the ranking Democrat did try to get
information out and different than a lot
of the other Republicans even on the
House committee I mean he's really far
out there and if he wanted to put to
rest some of these questions about his
actual motivations you would think that
maybe he would come out and publicly
state why he wants all this information
why he's subpoenaing information
specifically about this one intelligence
official and he's done none of that he
even knows I've been told what to do I
you know I'm sure it's in this
classified letter that he sent to the
Justice Department but it just when you
look at it you place it in the context
of this behavioral pattern this fact
pattern of all the other things that
noonas has done it's hard to look at
this as anything other than an effort to
cover up protect the president and again
as you pointed out this is by the person
who's charged with leading a committee
that is tasked with oversight well one
of the worst things you can do in
intelligence is to give away an American
intelligence source of course they're
risking their lives every hour their
lives anyway US Congressman Nunez was
dismissive of the FBI's concerns on that
front telling the Washington Post it
they are citing spurious national
security concerns to evade congressional
oversight we will succeed in getting
this information regardless of whatever
fantastic stories the Department of
Justice and the FBI spin to the post of
watch suppose yeah but it should also be
noted as a member of the Intelligence
Committee that Devon Nunez the chairman
also has not come in front of the
committee and explained why he wants and
needs this information remember he made
this request basically on the week that
we were off that we were all back home
yeah and and still has not come forward
to explain his actions when a report
issued just late today the Senate
Intelligence Committee revealed more
about Russia's penetration of state
voting systems around the country in the
lead-up to the 2016 election catch this
while they sold no evidence that the
Russians were able to change any vote
totals these cyber actors were in a
position to at a minimum alter or delete
voter registration data in a small
number of states they targeted the
committee concluded that the underlying
aim was to discredit the integrity of
the US voting process and election
results congressman you've taken an oath
to defend the Constitution everybody
knows that the Russians envied our moral
reputation for 200 some years of
democracy real democracy they've got
nothing
like that to compare with us and they
want to bring down our moral cred
by screwing up our own confidence in the
world's confidence in our electoral
system clearly they're doing it yeah
well and their goal is just to create
enough confusion and so enough doubt and
skepticism and resentment that it
basically interferes with people's trust
in government and you know even without
that folks already are skeptical about
government but when you add on top of
that thousands and thousands of bots
fake fake facebook pages and Twitter
accounts and all this activity in
cyberspace it makes everything that much
worse it makes people think what well I
did make some question there government
and it's all you know you heard about
the Jade helm episode in Texas tell me
well where where they there was this
this idea that the military was
basically going to conduct this exercise
in Texas and they were doing it as a
precursor to going and invading
different parts of the state and other
parts of the country and it turns out
and it blew up in Texas there were
public meetings about it that were held
because of all the concern of the
citizens of the residents of Texas and
it turns out that the Russians were the
were part of the ones that were hyping
this thing what they call it coming up
for a minute what's that word yeah and
the Russians know at this point that
they have an administration here who
doesn't want to even acknowledge this
because the President himself cannot
accept that Russia played any role in
this election because he feels that it D
legitimacy and because the president is
running the show on the Republican side
there are not a lot of people out there
who are clamoring for further
investigation of it's also true hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
