so let's bring in Michael McFaul former
US ambassador to Russia and NBC News
international affairs analyst and author
of the new book from Cold War to hot
Pease on his time in Russia you are the
guy that helps us with our baseball
cards of oligarchs so okay let's start
with Viktor Vekselberg the person behind
the company that apparently was paying
Michael Cohen what can you tell us about
Viktor Vekselberg well if you have his
baseball card that's a rich one that's a
valuable one he's one of the richest
people in Russia he made his money in
the 90s principally in oil and gas and
other things Chuck he's not one of the
inner circle of Vladimir Putin those
people came later those people gate and
they became rich because of their
relationships with Putin after he became
president Victor's not one of those I
used to work with him I know him but
from my time as ambassador but he is
somebody of course that you have to keep
in good standing with the Kremlin
otherwise you don't do business
especially on the scale that he does and
so he's one of those guys and the kind
of second tier in terms of influence
with the Kremlin but top tier in terms
of value he's one of the richest people
in Russia
so it's would you be skeptical of the
theory that this is a Putin operation
and he's doing some work on behalf of
Putin or in some way and behalf of the
Kremlin to keep a relationship with the
consigliere of the president United
States and Michael Cohen or is this a
guy who's worried about his own business
or is it very possible he's worried
about his own business interests and he
thinks like any other business interests
he needs to know the new understanding
the new president so he hires a
consulting like Michael Cohen what what
theory is more likely so just to be
clear I don't know right and as a
political scientist we can theorize but
I want to be clear we need to know a lot
more information before we know but let
me speculate a little bit first of all
he's been in the outs with Putin not
just a couple of months ago some of his
people were arrested there was a lot of
rumors that after inauguration Putin's
new inauguration which just happened
earlier this week that there was going
to be another redistribution of property
rights like there had been
or meaning yeah yeah new oligarchs
people closer to the KGB or the FSB and
on that list high on that list and the
rumor mills was a guy named mr. Maugham
Yadav we let's not talk about him he's
sitting in jail right now but Vekselberg
was on that list so one possible theory
is he's trying to prove his worth to the
Kremlin he knows New York well he comes
here often he has a lot of money
invested here and throughout the country
by the way and maybe this was a plea for
him a show that I can be useful to you I
don't know that to be the case but that
would be a plausible explanation for me
what does that tell you
every time that we continue to see new
on these threads yes I mean and every
time it's a it seems like oh it's
another tie to Russia another tie to
Russia this has surprised you is this
like the Russian novel of investigations
it does surprise me and this one
actually shocks me given what we were
talking about before that Derek husk is
not in the inner circle he was really
trying to establish himself in the West
trying to park a lot of his money
outside building something called skull
cava which is the Russian version of the
Silicon Valley and then he pops up in
this story it's very strange to me all
right
ambassador McFaul good luck with the
book it's been fun are we gonna do more
oligarchs Deripaska up next how about
that shot apparently it's hitting close
to a daily basis anyway yeah click fall
thank you sir thanks for having me hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat depress
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
