I mean now is Democratic Senator Joe
Manchin of West Virginia is a member of
the Senate Intelligence Committee who
questioned Haspel today and we've got a
whole lot of other things to talk about
there was an election in his home state
yesterday so we've got a lot to talk
about first though let's start with Gina
Haspel in that nomination you came out
about an hour so go officially saying
you're gonna vote for her confirmation
but address some of the concern among
your fellow Democrats and it seems like
the concern boils down to this there was
a moment that she could have stood up
and done something that a lot of people
thought was interpet that went too far
she clearly is uncomfortable with what
was done but she doesn't want to
apologize for it what can she do to
bridge that gap to reassure your fellow
Democrats well here's the thing I've had
to set down meetings with her prior to
her hearings today Chuck and you saw the
open hearing then we went into a
classified closed hearing and everything
that you thought that you might not have
gotten a direct answer for we got direct
answers for mm-hm and I think this is
the right person and the right time in
the right place this is a person's come
up through the ranks she's committed and
dedicated her life she's a professional
all professionals there's no one there's
no one that can be a better role model
than Gina Haspel with the CIA knowing
every nook and cranny and how it's
supposed to run how you treat people and
the job we're supposed to do this lady
put herself in harm's way
and she's been on the frontline of the
most difficult places we have in the
world trying to keep Americans safe I
can only put my mind back to 9/11 we
wanted to know that day when that
happened was anybody in my family harm
was there anybody that I knew was harm
was there any other Americans on we
didn't care we wanted to find out how we
could stop that and she's done her job
she did not break the law she did what
the law allowed us or her to do to keep
us safe now I know they're reaching I
understand this but you've got to
understand 9/11 put yourself in that
position in 9/11 and where we are today
she said she would never and we're never
going to go back to that you know I
looked at this I said give me the
difference between Pearl Harbor look at
what we did to Pearl Harbor the
japanese-americans it's awful Paolo and
Reba
I mean I guess the point is to learn
from our past mistakes and I learned
from the mistakes and I think the
argument would be you don't want to
reward a past mistake that wait a minute
and I mean every now and then that again
no I understand that but you see my
point like okay
you're like well wait a minute should
that should she be promoted for doing
something that many people question was
you know you know I'm only going to say
this and and and I'm trying to be as
sensitive as I can torture is a horrible
horrific act that has been used and
should not have been used I understand
that but I can assure you after 9/11 I
wanted to know if I had a talk you were
talking about the top operative who
planned the attack who actually was the
mastermind that talked to some have been
Laden into doing what he did and he took
credit for it this is the guy that did
it this is the guy that did it and she
was able to sit down interrogate she was
not involved in that not at all and
she's getting blamed for this then you
can say did you do it enthusiastically
did you break the law no she answered
every question we asked this is a person
I would hope that my colleagues would
search their soul and look this is the
right person for the right time that
knows this agency better than anybody
else will keep us in the most difficult
world one other devil's advocate
question on her and it's the issue of
others being able to use the imagery of
torture as a propaganda tool against
America you know the image of America
around the world the image of the CIA
specifically and so her promotion only
highlights that stain I don't think that
at all I think her promotion basically
says hey we're gonna take care of
America this is for real and with that
she was trying to protect these a we a
lot of people involved in this that
basically could have been revealed it
could have cost us a lot of sensitive
information to keep us safe so I
understand I understand I've been on the
committee long enough to understand
we've got to protect the assets we have
she's done that she's done their job and
did it right she did within the letter
of the
the law and check out that's what we
asked them to do let's change the law
let me move on to the Russia story a
minute because you're on the Intel
committee
you've right in in the room
interrogating some stuff involved in
this investigation did you know about
this Michael Cohen connection to this
Russian oligarch had you guys come
across that yet in your investigation
has not come up in our investigation
we'll get briefed again further this
week here but that has not come up
before what does that tell you about the
state of your investigation versus the
state of Muller's well and all of us go
in a different direction we're looking
at how do we keep Russia from getting
involved in our elections how do we keep
them from trying to change the
confidence we have in the change of
power the democracy that we have bast
ourselves into and set the model for the
world that's what we need to do Chuck
and that's where we're going we're
trying to make sure that every polling
place is safe all the the the social
media is safe things of that sort that
they have tried to intervene we know
what they did and they haven't stopped
we're doing our job we'll get this thing
done and I'm sure that that mr. modeler
will do his so you're not look it's fair
to say you don't consider I think some
people believe you guys are looking into
whether there was a conspiracy between
Americans and and Russia would you say
that that isn't your primary role that
that really is the mother is doing
Muller is going down that road as you
just described it right I don't look I
mean when we started out ours was a big
thing and we've kind of narrowed it down
and we want to make sure that we can
keep this basically orderly process of
how we change power and how we transfer
power no foreign entity should be
involved in that way any way shape or
form we're interested in all this I
think we've shared it our committee has
shared everything they could at the
beginning they're still sharing our
staff has been doing an excellent job
we've been briefed up on that but this
has not been on the front burner for us
right now I'm sure it might and we'll
find out the rest this week all right I
got to talk about your race you know who
you're facing now at the State Attorney
General Patrick Morrissey but something
caught my eye
you went on another television channel
and said there was only one truly
conservative Republican in the race and
that was Don Blankenship with all due
respect I think a lot of actual
conservative Republicans would find that
to be an insult that they wouldn't want
to be compared to Don Blankenship what
did you mean by thank you
I can compare anyway they want to I'm
telling you I've known don blankenship
for a long time we've had a contentious
relationship but you've got to give
credit to where credit due Don has
dodged the son of johnny-come-lately Don
was a hardcore conservative Republican
West Virginia I said the only person in
that race that was a hardcore
conservative Republic in West Virginia
was Don Blankenship period that's you
know that sounds like crocodile tears it
sounds like oh you know you know it does
sound like you're pulling a little
okey-doke on me here oh now come on
Chuck you know I wouldn't do that not at
all that you really thought Don
Blankenship was a legitimate challenge
you're not going to say about that I'm
not going to say any of that the people
made the decision we probably can party
I mean he used some I mean look what he
said about Mitch McConnell I assume you
don't condone any of that I don't
condone any of them I don't condone any
of it I think it's horrific people are
having personal attacks now there's many
reasons if you want to find a reason to
vote against me or for me I'm hoping
I've given you enough to do already you
don't have to make up stuff you don't
have to call me names and tuck my family
let's talk about the issues and they
couldn't even get on the issues no one
even knows what the issues the
Republican Party is right now I'm not
gonna stand back and let Pat Morrissey
start deteriorating the quality of
health care or attacking the teachers in
education which he's done I'm not going
to stand for that I'm not gonna let him
cut Medicare and Social Security which
he wants to do we're gonna have some
good conversations now he has to get his
mind out of the gutter talk about the
issues that really pertain to West
Virginia Senator Joe Manchin a Democrat
from West Virginia sir we had a lot to
discuss I didn't even get to about a 1/3
of the other topics I wanted to get to
but I ran out of time thanks for your
let's get back together
let's get better each other thanks for
your ticket hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
