new documents reviewed by NBC News
detail millions of dollars in payments
to an account opened by president
Trump's lawyer michael cohen cohen
opened a first republic bank account
just three weeks before mr. trump was
elected president he used the account to
pay stormy Daniels a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars just before the
election
now that bank account is now linked to a
limited liability company and LLC set up
by Cohen called essential consultants
also just set up ahead of the 2016
election according to the documents the
account hosted transactions totaling
more than 4.4 million dollars so where
did this money come from according to
the documents half a million dollars
came from management firm Columbus Nova
over eight transactions during August or
until August of 2017
Columbus Nova is allegedly controlled in
part by an uber wealthy Russian named
Viktor Vekselberg
in a statement the firm says it's owned
and controlled by Americans and that's
true
the firm's American CEO is the cousin of
that wealthy Russian the firm denies
that Vekselberg was involved in hiring
Cohen or sending the firm funds
Vekselberg by the way is one of the
richest men in Russia and one of the
oligarchs sanctioned by the US
government
just last month for benefiting from
Russian government activities including
attempt to subvert Western democracies
earlier this year he was searched and
questioned by surprise surprise agents
working for Special Counsel Robert
Muller after getting off a private plane
in the New York area that's according to
the New York Times although he hasn't
been accused of any wrongdoing in the
investigation of Michael Cohen but hold
that thought more on him in a minute
Cohen's essential consultants account
also got a hundred and fifty thousand
dollars from Korea aerospace industries
back in November of nineteen seventy
2017 according to the documents that the
New York Times reported the company
partnered with Lockheed Martin trying to
nab a several billion dollar contract
with the US Air Force the company did
not respond to our requests for comment
Novartis Investments a subsidiary of the
pharmaceutical giant made payments just
shy of 400
thousand dollars through the end of 2017
and the beginning of 2018 according to
the documents a spokesperson tells NBC
News quote any agreement with essential
consultants were entered before our
current CEO took office earlier this
year and have expired and check this out
AT&T made four payments totaling two
hundred thousand dollars in that same
time period according to the documents
AT&T says it worked with Cohen's company
to quote provide insights into
understanding the new administration
AT&T is currently involved in an
antitrust suit with the Trump Justice
Department they're trying to merge with
Time Warner
AT&T denies that Cohen did any legal
work or lobbying on their behalf
$200,000 for insights these are just a
few of the companies allegedly paying
Cohen shell company
there are also transactions in
California and seven foreign countries
but let's get back to that uber wealthy
Russian Viktor Vekselberg
and his connections to the Trump family
and associates first his cousin Andrew
in traitor the CEO of Columbus Nova paid
half a million dollars on behalf of the
company to the shell company run by
Michael Cohen
who is president Trump's personal lawyer
at least was at the time in traitor and
Columbus Nova also donated a quarter of
a million dollars to president Trump's
inauguration according to campaign
finance records in traitor and
Vekselberg both attended the
inauguration and according to the New
York Times the pair met Michael Cohen
while there just after the inauguration
the documents show Columbus Nova paid
Cohen shell company essential
consultants $500,000 for consulting work
Vekselberg was also at the now-infamous
2015 dinner in Moscow where one-time
National Security Advisor Michael Flynn
sat at a table with Vladimir Putin
Vekselberg also controlled a company
that owned the largest number of shares
in the Bank of Cyprus according to the
New York Times trumps Commerce Secretary
Wilbur Ross was an investor in that Bank
and it's the bank where Trump for a
Trump campaign manager Michael sorry
Paul Manta fort held accounts listed by
the special counsel
as part of a money-laundering scheme and
I'm not done one more connection
Vekselberg attended a gala in 2014
thrown by yet another Russian oligarch
attended by Trump's son-in-law Jared
Kushner and daughter Ivanka Trump back
in Russia one of Vekselberg business
partners is alpha group head german Khan
Khan son-in-law
Alex van der Swan remember him he
reported to a low security prison in
Pennsylvania on Monday he's the first
person in Muller's investigation to be
sentenced to jail he's serving time for
giving a false statement to the FBI over
contact with cooperating witness Rick
Gates and a suspected Russian
intelligence operative gates served as
campaign aide you'll remember to
President Trump he's working with the
special counsel in the Russia probe hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
