Donald Trump's personal lawyer currently
embattled in the FBI probe Michael Cohen
stands and this is breaking accused of
taking half a million dollars from a
sanctioned Russian oligarch during
Donald Trump's presidency you did hear
that right and we will explain this
allegation comes from Michael Cohen's
opponent Michael avenatti who represents
stormy Daniels and breaking right now he
has released information seven pages
which I'm gonna walk through in this
tweet where he talks about the
allegation that Michael Cohen received
half a million dollars in the months
after the 2016 election from a company
controlled by a Russian oligarch who has
been sanctioned by the United States and
his link to Putin I want to be very
clear before I go any further because
this is a breaking allegation NBC News
has not yet been able to confirm this
material we don't have for example the
underlying documents from the bank and
we don't have yet a full response from
mr. Cohen I promise to bring it to you
as soon as we get it but I do know and I
can tell you that the very Oleg Ark
mentioned here in this new material a
man named Victor Vekselberg was not only
sanctioned by the US Treasury in April
under the Trump administration but he
was also contacted by Muller's
investigators who reportedly questioned
him two months ago according to New York
Times they snagged him as he flew into a
New York area
Airport now vekselberg has not been
identified as a suspect in connection
with the Malheur probe for more analysis
on this very unusual story instead of
allegations i want to turn to former
Watergate special prosecutor Nick
Ackerman a former federal prosecutor
Kenneth white caddy K Washington
correspondent for BBC World News America
an NBC national correspondent Heidi
prysby 'la my thanks to each of you Nick
I want to start with you and again it's
a be very clear about what I'm holding
these are seven pages of material that
represent one side of the story not both
sides not a complete account sometimes I
hold up NBC reporting or New York Times
reporting this is not that but what is
in here
what is allege and this is breaking
right now from mr. abinanti who was
familiar to our viewers who's on this
show recently is one of the most serious
claims you could make
in connection with the entire Muller
probe because it alleges a direct line
of money from an Oleg arc linked to
Putin to a very senior Trump aide
Michael Cohen during the pendency of the
Trump administration after he became
president and with the implication that
there might be federal laws broken
including the Bank Secrecy Act your
analysis well I read this to just the
last few minutes and I must say I'm not
surprised I mean I think what's been
happening all along is that the White
House has been trying to deflect
attention with that search warrant
trying to say it related to stormy
Daniels and the payoff of other women
I've always thought that this related to
the Russian investigation and the
central allegations that Muller is
looking at and if this is true that
proves it Michael Cohen was involved in
trying to set up a Trump Tower in Moscow
for Trump he was allegedly involved in
going to Prague
after mana Ford left the campaign to try
and keep the relationship going between
the Russians and the Trump campaign I
mean all this does is add more support
to those allegations I mean in fact if
you look at the Christopher Steele memo
there was more than one source that told
them this I believe it's been reported
most recently that another source of
news sources come out confirming it and
Michael Cohen hasn't really denied it
other than say he didn't go but the
proof he has shown really doesn't
support that he didn't go to Prague
you're referring to the very big
allegation in the dossier that Michael
Cohen would have been an in person link
in the effort to potentially collude
this allegation here is interesting
because while it doesn't confirm or deny
that it would track with very high level
ongoing contact with oligarchs who don't
take my word for it don't take your word
for it take the Trump Treasury
administration's word for it they
sanction these individuals because of
their view that they conduct illicit
activities on behalf of Putin I want to
read again from this an alligator's more
than more than
oleg art that's mentioned in right and
let me read from this the allegation is
and i want to ask you how someone might
come to know something like this given
that there's an open probe that from
october 2016 until January 2018 so until
this year mr. Cohen used his bank
account here for over four million
dollars in transactions including half a
million traced to mr. Viktor Vekselberg
this oleg arc and that it says that mr.
vekselberg and his cousin a man named
mr. Andrew intra - routed these payments
to mr. cohen through a company called
columbus nova LLC and that firm which
has over two billion in assets is seen
as a vehicle for trinova group in russia
and that mr. Cohen accepted these
payments while acting as mr. Trump's
personal attorney President Trump and
while dealing with all these other
issues so number one how would miss
robin adi know this he alleges this to
be true and number two do you see any
potential federal criminal liability
well first of all it looks to me like
he's reading right off of bank records i
mean the information that is included in
here looks like it has been taken serie
time off of bank records now how he got
those I have no idea but there are
certainly the crimes involved here are
numerous I mean this could prove that
conspiracy between the campaign and the
Russians with respect to these see this
as potential collusion evidence oh I
think it's conspiracy evidence for both
the conspiracy to steal the emails and
distribute them to help Trump get
elected as president as well as the
conspiracy relating to Facebook and the
use of social media to suppress the
Clinton vote let me bring in Kerry Kerry
your analysis yeah I mean we're just
getting this news right I haven't read
those seven documents that you've got
we're learning more about Viktor
Vekselberg who apparently from what
you're saying Ari is the oligarch who is
named in this avenatti tweet he is
somebody who has had long ties to the
Trump administration he went to the
inauguration back in 2017 he got a
ticket to that he is somebody who was
investing in the Bank of Cyprus at the
time that Wilbur Ross was the vice
chairman of the Bank of Cyprus we will
have to wait to see whether
there is a paper trail that leads this
alleged half a million dollar loan to
Michael Cohen to the actual payments
that were made to stormy Daniels
vekselberg is also somebody by the way
who invested who gave money to the
Clinton Foundation through his business
operation so he's not somebody who is
you know politically tied one way or
another to Republicans or Democrats I
mean he's somebody who spread his
political largesse around we'll have to
learn more and not just from a tweet
from Michael from avenatti right well
what's so notable about this and Kenneth
I want your perspective as well and the
legal implications is it's more than a
tweet these this documentation either is
based on something or it's somehow
completely made-up but these are very
specific numbers I'm looking at Kenneth
for example with dates October 5th 2017
he alleges ninety nine thousand nine
hundred and eighty dollars and that same
amount
November 3rd December 1st January 5th
again all during the pendency of the
Trump administration how do you think
mr. avenatti would come into contact
with this kind of material might it
involved the fact that the FBI is
interviewing people and if there was
misleading information that mr. Cohen
provided the bank is that a big deal or
not well sure it really opens up all the
different avenues that the special
counsel might be pursuing in the Russia
investigation and that the US Attorney's
Office in New York might be pursuing in
connection with mr. Cohen I think it's
interesting that it comes so hard upon a
week of Rudy Giuliani on behalf of the
president coming out and giving new and
different answers about whether and how
Michael Cohen was reimbursed for giving
money to miss Clifford for her silence
so when you add in that uncertainty and
you add in that he then said well maybe
I don't have all the facts straight yet
and then you have this new story about
money coming contemporaneously to mr.
Cohen
well it certainly read me to all the
prosecutors both in New York and in DC
sir you're saying that it is possible we
don't know you're saying it is possible
that Rudy Giuliani in addition to
contradicting himself may have provided
incomplete in from
and that part of the stormy Daniels
payment could have been reimbursed by
this oligarch I think it's really
speculative at this point and I think we
have to keep in mind that mr. avenatti
is you know a litigation opponent of mr.
Cohen we should view it through that
lens but Donald Trump and Rudy Giuliani
have set up the circumstance where this
type of allegation can be inherently
credible and get a lot of play even
before we see all the documents because
their messaging on it has been so
incoherent because there have been so
many different stories emerging some of
them sound like confessions to crimes
and so when you've already got such a
mess about what money was going where
and why and what the president knew and
when he knew it adding on this new layer
just it's going to exactly the sort of
thing that federal prosecutors are going
to want to look into very deeply and
Rudy Giuliani can lie to the press and
the American people if he so chooses
that is lawful as you know they're a
strict no your customer rules to prevent
money laundering that are enforced by
federal authorities and lying to a bank
is not lawful but can you speak to the
exposure on that
well sure there's an incredibly
confusing thicket of laws surrounding
particularly international money
transfers and they take people acting
with a lot of care to get it right and
frankly I don't think anything we've
seen about the way mr. Cohen dealt with
transactions or any of the stories from
mr. Giuliani about how he was reimbursed
reflect any sort of care or deliberation
and you know were they my clients I
would be extremely concerned not only
about what had happened but also about
where the trail of their various
inconsistent statements would be leading
them and how they would be incriminating
them and then Heidi you may remember
when Kissinger talked about a riddle
wrapped in an enigma I wonder if the
fact that the Russian oligarch in this
new breaking allegation the fact that
he's also the same Russian oligarch that
Bob Miller's team already stopped when
he got off a private plane and already
questioned I
wonder if that is a coincidence wrapped
in a coincidence or at some point we
have to acknowledge the glaring pieces
of information that all seemed to be
seeping out that looked like more than
stormy Daniels that look like Russia
questions that was what Michael avenatti
perhaps was implying when he tweeted a
week or so ago that when all of the
information here comes out this
president will not serve out his term
that was a pretty bold claim a lot of
people were wondering what was behind
that the big question to me just looking
at this preliminary Lee as this is
breaking is whether this we've already
known that Michael Cohen is a lot of
trouble and we've known that ever since
his office was raided it may be just a
matter of time before he's brought up on
some kind of bank fraud or mail fraud
charges the question here is whether
this is related to Michael Cohen's
already established personal connections
with the Russians there was just some
great reporting out this morning about
his connections with the Russians
through a Ukrainian family that he
married into his having sold his stake
in a bar that was apparently frequented
by Russian mob figures or whether we can
take this to the second level and say
that there is some connection here in
terms of collusion and that is where
stormy Daniels amazingly would come in
is if via Putin or via some kind of or
via the Russian oligarch Putin or other
Russians we're trying to influence our
election by keeping the stormy Daniels
story quiet that would be an amazing
development in this story obviously you
know this is not coming from a
journalism outlet we don't have all the
documentation yet but the big question
here is that distinction between Michael
Cohen's personal connections for which
he is already obviously in big trouble
going forward or whether we can pull
Trump into this in terms of collusion
and that's where the stormy connection
is so right and to build on your point
Heidi I mean pulling Trump into this is
something that Michael Cohen did the
entity alleged is essential consultants
which is not a thing that existed it was
a thing that Michael Cohen created in
the heat of the presidential campaign to
handle money for Donald Trump and the
fact that Rudy Giuliani spent so much
time talking about whether campaign
funds were used or not suggests that at
some level he was concerned
about that money flow and trying to
clean it up the fact that it's a
floating reimbursement question sort of
leaves open like any slush fund what you
call and count as a reimbursement I
wonder what you think Donald Trump is
thinking about with all this coming out
tonight
Heidi oh I mean I have to wonder if he
is going to continue to keep Giuliani as
his frontman it's clear that Giuliani is
not a traditional lawyer he's coming out
there on the airwaves and trying to just
muddy the waters and every time he does
he seems to get the president into more
legal peril for instance suggesting that
there may have been a campaign finance
violation behind the stormy Daniels
payment this is serious
and now because with his implicating
Trump with these Russian oligarchs I
have to imagine that he is huddling with
his lawyers and they are trying to
figure out what exactly how do they
respond to this or if they respond to
this if they say anything given the
consequences and the severity of the
information that appears to be contained
in these these these documents that are
being released
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
