Senator Jeff Flake Republican of Arizona
joins us now your reaction to the news
senator oh that's good news
obviously there was hope that this would
happen it was been hinted that it was
happening and I'm glad it has I'm glad
they're in the air on the way home
that's a good good good thing and
senator what does it tell you about the
prospects for negotiation the prospects
for peace between the United States and
North Korea this gesture of goodwill
from Kim Jong well it has to be a good
sign
North Koreans seem serious about moving
ahead there have been meetings obviously
with the South Koreans additional
meetings with the Chinese and then the
meeting I guess the time and date has
been set for the meeting with the US I
hope that we're doing the necessary prep
work before the meeting happens but it's
only good news I think to see Americans
free senator what was your reaction to
the with yesterday's withdrawal from the
Iran Accords I don't think that was a
good deal at all I wasn't a fan of the
Accord I thought that the agreement in
2015 should have included you know some
prohibitions and some addressing of
Iran's malign activity in the region and
ballistic missiles but it didn't but as
you know where we are now it just does
not make sense to relieve Iran now of
their obligations under the nuclear part
of the deal they have realized the
benefits which were largely front-loaded
in terms of the release of frozen assets
and sanctions relief and now we're
relieving them of their obligations if
they choose to do so to abide by the
nuclear side of the agreement
so what do you think would be the
reaction of the United States given the
withdrawal from the Accord would you
think that the United States would
eventually be willing to penalize France
and or Germany or any other country
among our allies who would continue to
do business with the rim you know that
remains to be seen we've seen with the
tariffs you know we have tariffs imposed
and then the president just in a
position to that to give waivers or
exemptions and that seems to be the
we want to play ball now and it's just
it's far from the kind of rules-based
international order that we helped
establish with multilateral institutions
and organizations as arbiters of
disagreement rather than just one
country acting out ad hoc on its own so
I don't know what that's going to be
like but I think that it's fair to ask a
day after what is plan B how do we
address those other activities that Iran
is involved in that need to be addressed
and still make sure that they hold to
their agreements on the nuclear side
with our unilateral withdrawal I just
don't see how that's going to happen I'm
very worried particularly going forward
now with negotiations with North Korea
how does that make the situation better
or it more likely that North Korea will
enter into agreements with us knowing
that at the drop of a hat we could
simply get out of those agreements well
in addition North Korea would be much
hard to put inspectors on the ground and
inspect an existing state of a nuclear
potential than it was in Iran you bet I
just don't know how we are safer with
the possibility that Iran can now say to
the inspectors the IAEA that does have
eyes and ears on the ground there you're
out how are we safer how are we you know
any further away from nuclear
possibilities with Iran in that scenario
all right senator flake I just want to
refer back to the breaking news that
we're covering right now the president
actually tweeting that this is about the
three detainees being held in North
Korea coming home with secretary Pompeo
and he confirms in a tweet if we can put
that up the president saying secretary
Pompeo and his guests will be landing at
Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 a.m. in
the morning I'll be there to greet them
very exciting let's stay positive with
this senator flake what are the
possibilities that open up with this
news well it's always a good sign if
there are issues like this a good-faith
efforts like the release of hostages or
detainees
in advance of talks mm-hmm that shows
that the countries are serious about it
and so that I think can only be seen as
good news and I applaud the
administration for being able to
organize that I hope that it carries
forward into the negotiations these are
going to be difficult North Korea is in
a different place than Iran is they have
some nuclear weapons capability that
Iran haven't demonstrated yet and so
we're looking for them not just to
freeze but to denuclearize so it's good
it's good news and things like this are
happening right now all right senator
flake thank you very much thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up to date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
