under Republican leadership America is
booming America is thriving America is
winning because we are finally putting
America first we are putting America
first and we have the best economy in
the history of our country the bus but
if Democrats take control they will try
to plunge our country into gridlock
poverty and chaos and that's what's
going to happen that's President Trump
speaking over the weekend in Kansas and
joining us now senior political reporter
for the Center for Public Integrity Dave
Leventhal the Center for Public
Integrity today launches a six-part
series titled abandoned in America which
looks into communities left out of
president Trump's touted economic
revival also with US Fortune magazine
senior editor at large Lea Gallagher
good morning to you both Dave let me
start with you on this series that
people can read in The Texas Tribune
online what was the idea as you set out
because we heard the president's case
here historic lows on unemployment 3.7
percent the lowest in half a century
that Dow going through the roof since he
got into office what did you find as you
investigated further well you played the
clip Donald Trump likes to present
himself as being the savior for the US
economy and make no mistake about it
there are plenty of places all across
the country that are doing just fine
right now but what we wanted to do is go
to cities that were on the 180 of that
places that are struggling places that
feel that they've been left behind that
while other places may be benefiting to
such a great degree from this economic
boom they're failing right now and
they're failing on key issues like
housing education infrastructure that
are critical issues in this midterm
election and the people they don't
really care if Donald Trump or anyone
else is in the White House they just
want Washington to work for them and
they feel like Washington has done
nothing but failed them David was there
a difference between when you set out to
do this project when you identified
these communities and once you actually
got on the ground because we have heard
we know that wages are stagnant we know
that there is sort of a tale of two
economies happening but once you
actually got on the ground was it a lot
worse
than you imagined in some cases we'd
identified these places which mind you
are representative of plenty of cities
all across the country not just the ones
we focused on and we use all different
types of data measures to try to
identify them when we got on the ground
what we found was a profound sense of
hopelessness oftentimes from people but
but still hoping despite that
hopelessness that things would get
better for them I think one particular
story that we tell it's coming out
tomorrow is about Lumberton North
Carolina of course that's been in the
news very recently because of Hurricane
Florence but there's almost as hurricane
that people forgot about it happened two
years ago hurricane Matthew and so many
of the folks that we talk to you for
this piece said man two years ago things
were bad and they never got better and
now they're even worse and what's the
government going to do for us it's that
depth of despair that they have to say
I'm still couchsurfing - two years after
the fact what is going to help me I'm
poor we're a poor County what are you
gonna do for us Washington and the
answer hasn't been forthcoming
necessarily in all cases Dave this is a
great series it's a valuable series it's
also a series that could have been
written and was written ten years ago 20
years ago 30 years ago so we live in a
country where at least in my experience
I don't know anybody who would like to
be born poor in America and it's always
almost the same trilogy of items that
keep them locked into poverty it's the
lack of access to education good
education health care and the big and
most important word in America j-o be
jobs so what do you hope will happen
from this series or is it just another
sort of take a look at what is still
happening here in America you're
absolutely correct that this is a series
that has a sort of sad timelessness to
it and could be written at any point in
time during a year or in the past and
sadly in the future - but in part we're
publishing this because we're on the eve
of a critical midterm election as we all
know and the issues that we write about
in the series are critical issues in
this midterm election people have an
opportunity to decide for themselves the
direction of this country is Congress
going
be dominated by Republicans is the house
gonna go to the Democrats we don't know
yet but that choice is going to be made
soon and all these places that we
profile also to said that they felt like
the political disconnect that exists
between them in Washington is something
that that hurts them so we want to shine
a light on these places to effectively
show the show the country and also to
the politicians that either represent
these places or may represent these
places that there are the cities out
there there are communities out there
that have deep deep needs Lee I have a
question for you
what's going on in that you've got these
grand statistics 3.7 percent
unemployment the economy is booming Wall
Street is growing yes you do have these
pockets out there where this has to be
some ketchup
why aren't Republicans actually have
telling that story what what is it
that's preventing them from getting into
that narrative as opposed to just
playing the sort of the Donald Trump you
know bright shining object of the day a
game when there is a consistent
narrative about the economy that they
could be running on this fall well I
mean I think that you know everyone is
running on the akan the on the
narratives that everything is doing
great the bright shiny object is this
wonderful economy that the president is
taking credit for even though he
inherited much of the beginning that
much of it from President Obama the real
question is why aren't we focusing on
these communities and this other half I
mean never before has the economy been
so divided in this way because the
statistics as you say are quite stunning
things are going great if you are
invested in the stock market if you are
you know a CEO of a corporation I mean
this is but there are many many people
who are not participating at all in this
and in fact in some are suggesting that
we need new statistics to show that we
don't need to just focus any more on GDP
and on how the stock market is is doing
so I think that things like this are
really important you are starting to see
some attention to be paid to some of
these communities from people like Steve
Case who has an initiative called the
rise of the rest bring let's create
innovation in places far away from
Silicon Valley it's possible you're
seeing in places like Kentucky companies
you know teaching people how to code and
they can do it from there so
don't have to leave their communities so
but there's no question that this is a
lost narrative you're right
thank you very much the series from
Center of Public Integrity abandoned in
America is out today and Lee you'll be
back with us next hour thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
