the attorney for stormy Daniels Michael
avenatti joins us now Michael first of
all can you tell us where these new
documents came from well our summary we
produced but as far as the information
that is that we use that we based our
summary on we're not going to disclose
what where that came from it's our work
product but look here's what I will say
as of this morning we have NBC news that
has independently verified what we said
we have the New York Times who's
independently verified what is contained
within the document and I think there's
two or three other independent news
organizations that have confirmed the
veracity of what we set forth in our
summary document that we issued
yesterday so we stand behind what we put
in the document it's a hundred percent
accurate and that's that yeah and let me
let me say this to the extent that is
not accurate mm-hmm the president and
Michael Cohen should clear this up this
morning they should release the bank
statements this morning so okay so if
they are accurate and NBC by the way our
reporting is that they are reporting
show that the they appear to support the
account of the transaction so it looks
highly likely what do you deduce that
these two that these transactions that
this money was used for does it connect
it all to other women I don't know yet
whether this particular account connects
to other women but what I will say is is
that this is an enormous amount of money
it has that it's flowing into this
account beginning in October November
December time period of 2016 you've got
millions of dollars that are being
deposited into this account Michael
Cohen appears to be selling access to
the President of the United States
we now have multiple different things
supposedly that Michael Cohen was doing
for all these companies now we hear from
Novartis that he was hired on healthcare
matters evidently he's a doctor one of
the companies mentioned they hired him
for real estate matters he's a real
estate agent another company stated that
they hired him for accounting advice
evidently he's an accountant so he's a
lawyer a doctor and accountant in a real
estate agent I'm just a lawyer I'm not
I'm not right bright I guess before we
got open this
to the panel do you have anything more
you keep saying you have to vet these
other women that have called anything is
there anything more than other women
other payments to other women we don't
we don't have an update on the other
women so Michael as you look through
this what we initially thought about
essential consultants was that was set
up purely to make the payment to store
McDaniels that was the thought and now
through these new documents which NBC
has verified it appears that it was much
much more than that 4.4 million dollars
that we know of so far coming through
there is there evidence that those
payments by companies like AT&T led to a
meeting with Donald Trump or is it
possible the Michael College assent hey
I'll get in the president's ear for you
give me the money in other words that
Michael Cohen took all this money for
himself and then it wasn't spread around
and it didn't lead to any interactions
with the White House well here's what we
know we know that the president took I
believe at dinner or lunch with the head
of Novartis at some point into this
relationship we understand that it was a
one-year relationship now based on the
statement that Novartis just issued it
also the amount of that payment the per
month payment of ninety nine thousand
nine hundred and eighty dollars is a
very unusual amount it's $20 short of a
hundred thousand dollar payment it
appears and we haven't confirmed this
but we've heard from individuals that
the the reason why it would not have
been a hundred thousand dollars is
because of the reporting there's an
internal reporting requirement at
Novartis that would have required the
parent company in Switzerland to sign
off on any such arrangement now I don't
know if that's accurate or not but
that's what we've heard as of this
morning but look there's a lot of
questions being raised this morning
relating to these payments why did
Michael Cohen take this money he's not
an registered lobbyist he's not making
adequate disclosures you showed earlier
in the broadcast the segment from
January of 2017 when the President
signed the the ban on lobbying meanwhile
it appears that his right-hand attorney
is selling access and holding himself
out as an expert in all of these other
disciplines and not disclosing it to the
American people this whole thing stinks
it doesn't smell right and again I'm
going to say it again Michael Cohen and
the president should cause these bank
statements of Michael Cohen to be
released this morning if there's nothing
improper about this we're not talking
about
information they can PDF the document
they can release it to the media and the
media can go through it and can report
back whether it's proper enough are you
suggesting that Michael Cohen does not
have a PhD in aerospace technology and
pharmaceutical Policy say I'm not only
gonna suggest that but I'm gonna state
the fact but look like the real
questions I don't want to vital on over
this guy's the da Vinci of our time it
okay two questions for you
one is if this was a vehicle for
currying favor with the president by
making these fairly large donations to
them two essentials how do you explain
some of these rather small donations one
cheque for two thousand nine hundred
ninety-eight dollars 1/4 or four
thousand two hundred fifty dollars very
little amounts
why would someone give just that but we
don't know the full extent of these
particular individual amounts they've
been included in what we've released I
mean I think that the bigger picture is
that we don't know as we sit here today
the full extent of the deposits and and
here's the bigger question I raised this
last night where did the money go
did all of it go to Michael Cohen did
some of it go back to the Trump
Organization did some of it ultimately
find its way to the president the other
question I had was Elliot Brody paid
into this fund
there was a very intriguing highly
speculative piece the other yesterday I
believe about his own payments to a
playmate for an affair and whether in
fact it was him
who was covering up the from curious if
you are looking in in an investigative
capacity into the role that he played
and why he was depositing money into
this fund and his relationship with
Michael Cohen is that part of your
overall but mostly most certainly that's
one of the things we're looking at and
let me tell you what I find to be highly
unusual about that as an attorney that's
been on both the plaintiff and the
defense side when it's come to
settlements it's very unusual to me as
to why you would have a defendant or
potential defendant mr. Brody if in fact
it was mr. Brody and I raised that with
mica the last time I was on the show
there's in my mind there's a big
question about this but I don't want to
digress quite yet it's very unusual to
have a defendant pay his or her attorney
a flat rate for negotiating a settlement
normally you'll pay an attorney on a
hourly basis they do
and a potential defendant it's not like
a plaintiff who's doing on a contingency
basis yeah so here it appears that
Michael Cohen was paid you know at least
one hundred and eighty seven thousand
five hundred dollars or more for his
work on behalf of supposedly mr. Browdy
negotiating this settlement that's a lot
of money I mean Michael Cohen probably
only spent 10 20 maybe even 50 hours
worth of work I doubt it was 50 hours
negotiating this potential settlement I
don't understand why he was paid this
round figure if I missed by mr. Browdy
or why these payments were made it
doesn't make a lot of sense and it's
very suspicious to me
I mean your your document says points
out that within 75 days or so of the
payment to your client five hundred
thousand dollars from Columbus Nova
private equity fund controlled by a
Russian oligarch went into the Cohen
account well I think actually the
reports a little different than that
there was payments over time beginning
in January of 2017 the first payment
you're correct was within about 75 days
so just in in a layman's way what do you
think what light do you think this sheds
on the enduring questions about the
president and his relationship with
Russia and Russians well Michael Cohen
the personal attorney to the president
at the right hand of the president who
by the way if you go on as LinkedIn page
this morning you'll see the still lists
himself as an attorney for the president
United States and he lists himself as
being with Trump organization as I as I
recall I checked it last night your
viewers can check me out on that
but look you have the the right hand of
the president the personal attorney of
the president associating with
individuals with significant Russian
ties in January of 2017 accepting money
from individuals with Russian ties look
this does not smell right and I'm not
alone in this there's a reason why mr.
Muller and his team questioned the
oligarch at the airport here recently
relating to these exact payments that I
think I think CNN reported that last
night okay so let's devolve them mr.
Browdy is - did he take the fall for the
President on another situation with
another woman is that what you're seeing
here we we don't know yet does it look
like that well I mean I think there's a
lot of issues your colleague here raised
the question or raised
article that appeared in I think it was
New York magazine yesterday is a pretty
extensive piece I think there's some
significant questions as to what
happened women that have come to you who
have approached you or you are in
contact with not that I know it okay and
you told me before we went on the air
not to ask you about the deed what is on
the DVD again mica I'm not gonna answer
any questions about the I'm not going to
tell you what's on the DVD yet I'm not
going to disclose that this morning
we're here to talk about a lot of very
critical issues relating to this case we
can have a whole lot important no no
it's very important we can have a whole
show if you'll devote a show to what's
on the DVD made but we'll release it
okay where is the DVD this presents key
miss presents badgering the witness
Thank You counsel come forward with the
DVD it's pretty simple and nice miss
Brzezinski stuff like eleven adi thank
you coming up President Trump is up and
tweeting oh goodie about last night's
primaries calling it a quote great night
for Republicans tremendous voter energy
and excitement and all candidates are
those who have great chance of winning
in November well dig into the results
ahead on Morning Joe thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
