I don't feel good about turning down
money because my whole life I've been
greedy greedy greedy I scraped all the
money I could get I'm so greedy I know
the lobbyists I mean I've used the
lobbyists I mean I've done very well
with lobbyists you know I've always
taken in money I like money
I'm very greedy I'm a greedy person I
shouldn't tell you that but I've turned
down millions and millions of dollars I
feel foolish actually doing it you want
to tell the truth I said no I don't want
your five million dollars no don't give
me two million I was like I go back to
my you know it's just not my way of life
I've always been greedy I love money
right I want to give all that up I don't
care I have great executives they'll run
it as easy it's gonna be easy but now I
want to be greedy for the United States
I want to grab all that money so during
the campaign Trump said that it pained
him not to take money from lobbyists
because he's so greedy but this morning
there are claims of pay-to-play
surrounding the president's personal
attorney the lawyer for porn star stormy
Daniels alleging that the company set up
by Trump attorney Michael Cohen to buy
her silence in October of 2016
went on to take in over 4.4 million
dollars through January of 2018 what was
the money used for and what of the
allegation that some of the money had
ties to a Russian oligarch we'll break
that story down also this morning the
major implications of the president's
decision to pull the United States out
of the Iran nuclear deal and Don
Blankenship comes up short in west
virginian we'll show you the classic
reaction to the loss by Mitch
McConnell's team on Twitter welcome to
morning Joe it is Wednesday May 9th
another big day with us we have MSNBC
contributor mike barnicle associate
editor of commentary magazine noah
rothman president of the Council on
Foreign Relations and author of the book
a world in disarray
Richard Haass and Washington anchor for
BBC World News America caddy K so Joe a
lot to get to obviously the Iran deal
one of the huge stories of the morning
but what what's going on with this this
money in this company and President
Trump we don't know we all we know is
that this company
was set up to create a slush fund for
stormy Daniels according to documents
that we learned about yesterday suddenly
they had a lot more money in there
almost four and a half million dollars
and money flowed through this stormy
Daniels company used for payoffs that
Michael Cohen set up so it we we
certainly know this that you've got
Robert and Lawler investigating and
Robert Muller knows far more than either
Michael avenatti or ourselves and I'm
sure this is one of the many things he's
been been looking at for quite some time
they'll tell you they also make the
river david ignatius talking about how
the iran deal was a cosmic gamble it was
a cosmic gamble there are people like me
who were still very skeptical of that
cosmic gamble but even people opposed to
the Iran deal said most of the same
thing yesterday whether it was Bret
Stevens writing in the New York Times he
thought it was a good idea or whether it
was a Wall Street Journal editorial
board a lot of people were cheering that
move on but they all said the same thing
Donald Trump better have a plan B and we
won't know that for quite some time
well and you you have to wonder what
he's deflecting from and what exactly he
might be doing to deflecting I hope he's
not playing around with our national
security let's start with those claims
of pay to play with the president's
personal attorney the lawyer for
Pornstar stormy Daniels alleging that
the company set up by Trump attorney
Michael Cole to buy her silence in
October of 2016
went on to take in over 4.4 million
dollars through January of 2018 NBC News
has reviewed financial documents that
appear to support the account of the
transactions from Daniels lawyer Michael
avenatti including $500,000 from a
company Columbus Nova that avenatti says
is controlled by Russian Oleg art Viktor
Vekselberg and his cousin and
in trotter an American citizen the New
York Times report that Muller's
investigators stopped vekselberg at a
New York area airport her this year
searched his electronic devices and
questioned him an attorney for Columbus
Nova said it is a management company
solely owned and controlled by Americans
after the inauguration the firm hired
Michael Cohen as a business consultant
regarding potential sources of capital
and potential investments in real estate
and other ventures reports today that
Viktor Vekselberg used Columbus Nova as
a conduit for payments to Michael Cohen
are false the claim that Viktor
Vekselberg was involved or provided any
funding for Columbus Nova's engagement
of Michael Cohen is patently untrue
among other payments to Cohen's company
essential consultants $200,000 was from
communications giant AT&T spread over
four separate payments from October of
2017 to January of 2018 in a statement
AT&T said essential consulting was one
of several firms we engaged in early
2017 to provide insights into
understanding the administer new
administration they did no legal or
lobbying work for us and the contract
ended in December of 2017 over a similar
time period there was about $400,000 in
payments from the pharmaceutical company
but Novartis shortly before Trump
reportedly dined with its incoming CEO
at the World Economic Forum in Davos and
Novartis spokesman said quote any
agreements with essential consultants
were entered before our current CEO
taking office in February of this year
and have expired last night Michael
avenatti said that the payments to
Cohen's company raises serious questions
I don't believe that Michael Cohen is
registered as a lobbyist I don't believe
that he's registered as he should be in
order to represent any foreign agents or
foreign interest
the big question is this all this money
comes into this account this is central
consultants LLC we have reason to
believe that it didn't all go to Michael
Cohen individually Michael Cohen needs
to disclose where the balance of that
money went and if it went to Donald
Trump or the Trump Organization and if
Michael Cohen was part of the scheme to
sell access to the President of the
United States that would be rather a
rather shocking development but I don't
think that that is out of the realm of
possibility at this point well and
Willie it's not out of the realm of
possibility and certainly we we don't
know exactly what happened to this money
we do know that Michael Cohen does have
this is one more reason Michael Cohen
has to be concerned another question
that reporters are starting to ask its
question about the the tens of millions
of dollars that Michael Cohen made
swapping apartments and yet he was so
strapped for money that he had to take
out a home loan a credit extension on
his in-laws home loan to pay a hundred
and twenty thousand dollar $130,000
payoff so more and more stories arising
that suggests at least that
investigators need to see if Michael
Cohen was just setting up shell
corporations and money was flowing
through those corporations and going to
Donald Trump for the Trump Organization
yeah what's clear in this story and
there's a lot in there it can be
confusing you had to take some time and
read through it is that Michael Cohen is
in deeper than we knew we thought
essential Consulting LLC was set up as
it was two weeks before the election
just to make this payoff to stormy
Daniels but now if you read through
these documents that NBC has
independently looked through it's clear
that there was a lot more going on here
what was going on was payment for access
to the president through Michael Cohen
who was merely an attorney and a friend
of the president was not working inside
the administration as Michael avenatti
said he was not registered as a lobbyist
there were companies who were paying
large sums of money 4.4 million dollars
that we know of so far to Michael Cohen
for quote access to the president
companies like AT&T which by the way had
business before the Justice Department
in a merger with Time Warner so Michael
Cohen was up to a lot more than we knew
and I think the reason that's important
and significant is that this gives Bob
Muller and others much more leverage
over him we don't know for example that
this company Columbus Nova whose biggest
client is a Russian oligarch we don't
know if there's some Russia connection
there may be a coincidence that he was a
client at Columbus Nova these certainly
Joe are questions that Muller has long
been looking into well I'm making you
know a obviously Muller's been looking
into these questions for some time you
also though when you hear about Donald
Trump his fix are getting paid money for
these large corporations to meet with
Donald Trump I don't know where this
money went it's all speculation right
now I do know this though that every
time you and I spoke with Donald Trump
before the campaign or during the
campaign you'd always say the same thing
you'd say look at my ratings and it's a
why to CNN why does MSNBC make all of
this money I should be making this money
he talked about the debates and talking
and he'd say this publicly - you can
talk about how much money the network's
were making for the debates and
seriously was thinking about charging to
show up at the debates and people say we
can't do that they're not gonna let you
do that my point is this Donald Trump
would believe I know he would believe
knowing him for a decade that if if he
were going to meet with AT&T and money
was going to exchange hands for those
meetings he would say there's no way
that Michael Cohen should make money off
of that
there's no way Michael Cohen should make
money if I have dinner with
fill-in-the-blank
drug companies you name it that's that's
the first thing that that that question
that was raised in my mind when I heard
this story I'm sure they're already
looking to see if that money went to
Michael Cohen went through Michael Cohen
and
somehow found its way back to Donald
Trump because Donald Trump would not
take meetings and make money for other
people without getting money back to
himself especially if it were Michael
Cohen making that money it's also the
question of other payments but we'll
leave it there and Michael avenatti will
join us on set in our 7:00 a.m. hour
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
