the fact is this was a horrible
one-sided deal that should have never
ever been made it didn't bring calm it
didn't bring peace and it never will I
am announcing today that the United
States will withdraw from the Iran
nuclear deal that was the president's
afternoon announcing as you heard us is
pulling out of the Iran nuclear deal was
a move wildly widely anticipated after
the president's frequent criticism but
it's a decision that has US allies on
edge and a lot of people wondering what
it means for the global credibility of
the u.s. going forward this was
interesting former CIA director John
Brennan who also happens to be an
analyst around here wrote this on
Twitter today quote today Donald Trump
simultaneously lied about the Iranian
nuclear deal undermine global confidence
in US commitments alienated our closest
allies strengthened Iranian Hawks and
gave North Korea more reason to keep its
nukes this madness is a danger to our
national security
President Obama took the rare step of
issuing a public statement today calling
the decision misguided and a serious
mistake he wrote in part quote in a
democracy there will always be changes
in policies and priorities from one
administration of the next but the
consistent flouting of agreements that
our country is a party to risks eroding
America's credibility and puts us at
odds with the world's major powers here
to talk about it Michael McFaul former
US ambassador to Russia and MSNBC
international affairs analyst and now it
can be said autumn is new book is called
from cold war to hot peace you can say
that again a Romaric an ambassador in
putin's russia and ambassador i boys
should start obviously with the Iran
deal there was TPP there was the Paris
agreement both significant pull outs on
our part but now there's this yeah it's
it's as if the Trump policy and foreign
policy we can call it the withdrawal
doctrine right that's mostly what he
does is he withdraws
and I agree completely with both of my
two former colleagues that you just
quoted there there's no national
interest being advanced for the United
States from pulling out of this and he
didn't answer it the president didn't
answer it in his remarks today what are
are we better off are we more secure
today than we were yesterday
the answer to that is no does he have a
plan for what to do next I hope so I
fear not diplomacy as no one needs to
tell a career diplomat is an imperfect
science and I said to general McCaffrey
last night is it possible that a flawed
deal kept the world safer you write in
your book that this is very clear this
was the best we were all gonna yes yes
it's like any deal a deals on offer and
then you got to decide are we better off
taking the deal and whether you're
buying a house or buying it you know it
any deal think of it as a transaction
you get to the end of the negotiation
you say are we better off with the deal
or not this one got rid of Iran's
nuclear program and people keep saying
temporarily 10 to 15 years ride that's
temporarily that a lot can happen in 10
to 15 years whereas today we don't know
what Iran will do next and as you
alluded to in your remarks we've a lien
ated every country in the world what's
the one policy we could do that would
bring together our NATO allies and China
and Russia it was this decision I really
think it's a tragic mistake hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
