but yep there's more the story that has
been breaking tonight including into
this hour is this document this 7 page
document that's just been released by
the attorney for adult film actress
stormy Daniels Michael avenatti I should
tell you that after releasing this
document tonight mr. a vanadis gonna be
on the last word with lawrence O'Donnell
next hour here on MSNBC and you should
probably plan to watch that and I know
what you're thinking you're thinking I
know that handsome lawyer I've seen a
lot of Michael avenatti on TV every time
I turn on the TV there he is why would I
be making sure to watch this guy tonight
well it's because of this document that
he has just released mr. avenatti put
this out this afternoon posted it online
and it's it was this standalone set of
sort of jaw-dropping allegations about
financial transactions involving the
president's lawyer Michael Cohen mr.
avenatti did not release any supporting
documentation or information to go along
with this thing that he posted online
and so initially I'm not sure anybody in
the news business knew exactly what to
make of sort of wild and surprising
allegations he's making here it's hard
to know what to do with it without any
backup but now over the course of the
last couple of hours both the New York
Times and NBC News have reported that
they too have obtained and reviewed
original financial documents that
substantiate what Michael avenatti is
saying and so now we've got some actual
news here it's about the company that
Michael Cohen used the president's
lawyer used to pay off stormy Daniels
right before the election so she would
not speak publicly about her alleged
affair with the president we learned a
few months ago from reporting first in
the Wall Street Journal that Michael
Cohen didn't just pay to stormy Daniels
directly he created a company called
essential consultants and then essential
consultants was the entity that paid one
hundred and thirty thousand dollars to
miss Daniels what we've learned tonight
from this document that was first
released by mr. avenatti it's been
subsequently reported out by the New
York Times and other news organizations
is that this this little company that
Michael Cohen set up to pay stormy
Daniels essential consultants LLC it
appears to have been used for a whole
lot more
than just paying a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars to stormy Daniels
essential consultants also appears to
have paid Michael Cohen more than a
million dollars Oh
according to mr. a vanadis document
three checks from essential consultants
to four quarter million dollars one for
five hundred and five thousand dollars
were deposited in mr. Cohen's own bank
account last summer a summer of 2017
what that looks like is this little
company he set up essential consultants
paying Michael Cohen more than a million
bucks that's what it looks like of
course that raises more questions first
it was Michael Cohen ultimately the
recipient of that million bucks or was
he depositing those checks and getting
that money for someone else we don't
exactly know what happened to the money
ultimately we just know that Michael
Cohen put it in one of his own bank
accounts but also where did that money
come from where did essential
consultants get a million freaking bucks
right Michael Cohen didn't he say he
needed to take out a home equity line of
credit just to scratch up the hundred
and thirty thousand dollars that that
company was gonna pay stormy Daniels
just a few months before he had to take
a home equity line to get a hundred and
thirty grand well then where'd that same
company get a million bucks to pay
Michael Cohen just a few months later
last summer well that's where we get to
the juicy part according to these
documents released by mr. avenatti
tonight this this same company that
Michael Cohen used to pay stormy Daniels
essential consultants LLC they took in a
lot of money from a lot of surprising
places
they got paid a hundred and fifty
thousand dollars by Korea aerospace
industries last November November 2017
okay
essential consultants also reportedly
got paid two hundred thousand dollars in
four installments four separate payments
of 50 grand each in late 2017 and early
2018 that two hundred thousand dollars
in four separate payments came from a
little company you might have heard of
AT&T essential consultants also got paid
four hundred thousand dollars by
Novartis the the global pharmaceutical
company according to these documents the
way Novartis paid this is interesting it
was four separate
payments to essential consultants to
this little company Michael Cohen setup
which paid off the porn star Novartis
Pharmaceuticals paid $20 less than a
hundred thousand dollars they paid
ninety nine thousand nine hundred and
eighty dollars on October 5th again on
November third again on December 1st and
then again on January 5th 2018 this year
so for payments each for just under a
hundred thousand dollars almost as if
there was a $20 wire fee that Novartis
was deducting from what mr. Cohen got to
take and and and as in mr. avenatti in
notes and it's true right after that
last payment from Novartis in January
2018 President Trump did have dinner
with the CEO of Novartis before his
speech at the World Economic Forum in
Davos what was Novartis paying for but
there's there's one more payment and the
other payment is the one that gets the
front-page headline in the New York
Times tonight firm tied to Russian
oligarch made payments to Michael Cohen
all right here's how its presented in a
vanadis documents chief among these
suspicious financial transactions
involving essential consultants LLC are
approximately $500,000 in payments
received from mr. Viktor Vekselberg
a Russian oligarch with an estimated net
worth of nearly 13 billion dollars mr.
Vekselberg and his cousin Andrew and
trader routed eight payments to Michael
Cohen to essential consultants LLC of
through a company called Columbus Nova
beginning in January 2017 and continuing
until at least August 2017 Columbus Nova
is a private equity firm with over two
billion dollars in assets Andrew and
trader is the CEO of Columbus Nova
Columbus Nova is the US investment
vehicle for Renova group which is a
multinational company controlled by
Viktor Vekselberg
okay so Michael Cohen president's lawyer
with a background in like the taxi
business sets up this little Delaware
shell company as a way of paying the
pornstar paying stormy Daniels that
hundred and thirty thousand dollars
right before the election he says
publicly that to come up with that
one hundred and thirty thousand dollars
to pay stormy Daniels he had to take out
a home equity line of credit a new
lawyer for the president Rudy Giuliani
now says that ultimately that one
hundred and thirty thousand dollars was
slowly reimbursed to mr. Cohen over a
period of months when the president paid
Michael Cohen thirty five thousand
dollars a month over time during 2017
well we now found find out that that
little company that paid out the hundred
and thirty grand to stormy Daniels
apparently causing significant financial
hardship to Michael Cohen that little
company also paid Michael Cohen over a
million bucks and tons more money was
being paid into that company
not by Michael Cohen's home equity loan
but by eighty and frickin t8t Korea
aerospace Novartis Pharmaceuticals and
an investment fund tied to one of the
richest men in Russia Viktor Vekselberg
is an oligarch he is one of the original
oligarchs he is one of the richest men
in Russia he is considered to be close
to Vladimir Putin he was sanctioned last
month by the US government because of
his links to Putin as was his company
run of a-- now the the firm that
apparently paid michael cohen $500,000
and lend that itself on the front page
of the New York Times right now it's a
private equity firm that used to call
itself on its website used to call
itself the in the US investment vehicle
for the rent of a group they have since
dropped that description on their
website now that rent of a group and its
founder Viktor Vekselberg
have been sanctioned by the US
government it's now illegal for anybody
in the u.s. to do business with Viktor
Vekselberg or the u.s. or the rent of a
group so nobody would want to advertise
themselves as the US investment vehicle
for that group right we learned last
week that Viktor Vekselberg was stopped
by federal agents working for Robert
Muller and his investigators as he
landed in a private plane at a New York
area Airport sometime in the past couple
of months
Muller's team reportedly questioned mr.
Vekselberg including it's being reported
tonight about these payments to michael
cohen it's also been reported that
investigators asked to search mr.
vekselberg electronic devices but we
don't know if they actually did so we
only know they asked now tonight we're
getting statements from some of the
companies mentioned in this document
as allegedly giving funds to Michael
Cohen paying into essential consultants
LLC a spokesman for Columbus Nova which
is the u.s. affiliate of vekselberg
company renovate Columbus Nova is a
management company solely owned and
controlled by Americans after the
inauguration the firm hired Michael
Cohen as a business consultant regarding
potential sources of capital and
potential investments in real estate and
other ventures reports today that Viktor
Vekselberg used Columbus Nova as a
conduit for payments to Michael Cohen
are false the claim that Viktor
Vekselberg was involved or provided any
funding for Columbus Nova's engagement
of mr. Cohen is patently untrue
neither Viktor Vekselberg nor anyone
else other than Columbus Nova's owners
were involved in the decision to hire
Michael Cohen or provided funding for
his engagement now I mentioned that the
giant telecom company AT&T also
reportedly paid $200,000 to essential
consultants LLC they released this
statement tonight quote essential
consultant was one of several firms we
engaged in early 2017 to provide
insights into understanding the new
administration they did no legal or
lobbying work for us and the contract
ended in December 2017 now a couple of
things are interesting about that first
of all AT&T is hiring essential
consulting to provide insights into
understanding the new administration as
far as we know essential consulting is
just Michael Cohen when they say they
did no legal or lobbying work for us I
don't know who they is unless they
consider Michael and Cohen to be two
different people but AT&T is saying they
they they they needed to hire this firm
Michael Cohen's weird little shell
company that pays porn stars they needed
to hire them for multiple hundreds of
thousands of dollars to get insights now
why would AT&T you want to put Michael
Cohen on the freakin payroll in 2017
well I mean they've got important
government business right they're trying
to go through this big merger with Time
Warner they are very strong interest in
the net neutrality matter
finally we got what I consider to be a
surprising statement from Novartis from
the pharmaceutical company a spokesman
for the pharmaceutical company did not
take the same tack as AT&T and Columbus
Nova took here saying no no no nothing
to see here nothing's weird here this
was a normal business / not really
lobbying relationship this is what
Novartis says quote any agreements with
essential consultants were entered
before our current CEO taking office in
February of this year and have expired
Oh different kind of statement not a
denial that any such agreement was
entered into not a defense of any such
agreement just throwing their former CEO
under the bus saying wasn't us it was
definitely the people who here before us
noting for the record any such payments
were made not by its current leadership
I have to say you know the other thing
that we should tell you right now in
terms of the Russia investigation is
that Alex vendors one the lawyer from
the British the Dutch lawyer working in
Britain on behalf of the American law
firm was lying to FBI put Alex
vanderzwaan
is the first person who has been
convicted or has pled guilty in the
Moller investigation who has gone to
prison mr. vanderzwaan reported to
federal prison yesterday to start
serving his 30 30-day sentence question
is with these new revelations about
Michael Cohen the linking of the stormy
Daniels payment through this shell
company to somebody who has been
questioned in the Muller investigation
and indeed is a sanctioned Russian
individual running a big sanctioned
Russian company raises the question of
whether there's new criminal liability
here in these revelations about Michael
Cohen or whether this is just decorative
financial information that flushes out
the picture more than we knew joining us
now is Joyce Vance she's former US
attorney from the great state of Alabama
and she's here in person tonight which
is a treat choice thank you for being
here thanks for having me I never know
what I'm going to end up talking to you
about we book you to talk about
something and then the news changes
unpredictable yeah as a former
prosecutor looking at information like
this about these previously unknown uses
of this shell company that was used to
funnel this payment to this adult
actress how would you read this with
prosecutors mind so the first thing that
I want to know when I see this document
is a lot more about the fact because the
details of the facts will determine
whether any of this conduct was criminal
we immediately you know it's so easy to
leap to conclusions in these situations
and this just stinks of
influence-peddling of what prosecutors
call pay-to-play or what the federal
statute calls bribery but without
knowing more details about who was paid
when they were paid what circumstances
surrounded the payments did money
actually reach Trump ever or were these
perhaps just the sort of payments people
make that smell bad but aren't really
illegal
we can't tell without more factual
determination when you say money
reaching Trump I mean obviously that's
one of the first thing that leaps to
mind here at least the partial story
that's been told about the payment to
stormy Daniels is that this company
essential consultants LLC was used to
funnel mr. Trump's money through a sort
of roundabout way to miss Daniels if
money is also flowing into this company
that does raise the question as to
whether or not the ultimate recipient of
that money is not just Michael Cohen
who's the person who registered the
company but potentially could be the
President himself you know it raises
that raychel bit again it's so dangerous
to leap to those conclusions
Bob Muller and his team are certainly
five or ten steps ahead of everyone else
on these issues and it actually worries
me a little bit my prosecutor DNA
doesn't like to see these sort of
details that should be held closely with
in an investigation leaking out into the
public they could certainly if the
Moller investigation is still in
progress on some of these fronts
particularly involving the Russians they
could trigger awareness on the part of
people who are under investigation and
these sort of banking details it's
really very surprising to see them
becoming public these are details that
prosecutors would subpoena I've not seen
this sort of information be public
domain before so there are a lot of
questions in my mind about where does
this information come from is it
accurate
what conclusions can we reach but at the
end of the day like Watergate this is
follow the money yeah and I have two on
that issue of where where this
information is coming from we've seen
initially from the Wall Street Journal
and subsequently from some other news
outlets there have been men interesting
reporting about the finances surrounding
essential consultants surrounding mr.
Cohen's stuff that I've been surprised
to see make it into the public domain
before the New York Times and NBC News
confirmed that they had seen financial
documents that backed this stuff up I
would have had no idea what to do with
his assertions for mr. avenatti because
I have no idea how he would obtain this
information this doesn't seem like the
kind of document that would have been
produced in Discovery thus far in any of
the civil cases it really seems like
there must be someone on the inside
who's putting it forward even details
like wire transfers usually just come
with a number attached to him you don't
usually identify who the individual
making the transfer is so knowing that
this is Novartis and AT&T and other
companies seems really unusual yeah and
just unusual to see those big name
companies in the middle of a story that
at times has seemed so small and so
tawdry and personal choice pants thank
you so much it's great to have you here
make sure I move to the desk the earth
moved we'll be right back hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
