during our discussion now is democratic
congressman jim Himes from connecticut
he's a member of the House Intelligence
Committee and Congressman Hines I want
to get your reaction to what Michael
avenatti has revealed today in what he
calls an executive summary of the funds
going in to the LLC that was created by
Michael Cohen we thought initially only
to pay the hundred and thirty thousand
dollar settlement to stormy Daniels we
now discovered through Michael avenatti
that four and a half million dollars has
moved through that LLC yeah well I mean
a couple of observations number one it's
hard to imagine how you could push the
rejection of the Iran deal off the front
page with something like this but that
has you know here's a something that
makes us closer to war in the Middle
East you know we could six months from
now watch Iranian centrifuges spinning
again and yet that is not the topic du
jour number two I sit on the
Intelligence Committee you know to my
Republican friends and to Devon Nunez
who decided that we've done enough work
understanding what the links might be
with Russia and therefore closed the
investigation thanks guys good work but
let me make an observation Lawrence
which is that you know Michael Cohen
remember Michael Cohen is an attorney
like twenty thousand others in New York
City with a sideline in buying and
selling taxi medallions except that
Donald Trump lifts him up and makes him
Donald Trump's consigliere so I'm still
it's still echoing in my head what
Donald Trump said you know mchavez Comey
Comey is McCabe you know Michael Cohen
is Donald Trump and so at a minimum
Novartis and AT&T have some deep
explaining to do and by the way Novartis
saying oh sorry those contracts don't
apply anymore that's not enough why you
know forget about Michael Cohen Michael
Cohen is a guy who trades taxi
medallions in Red Hook Brooklyn and yet
he's getting these payments from two
global corporations they have a lot of
explaining to do and we haven't even
gotten to the fact that now after months
and months maybe a year plus of asking
the question was there a direct link
more direct than Russian showing up in
the president's sons office more direct
than
Russians reaching out to Papadopoulos
and others was there actually money that
changed hands we don't know all the
facts but now it appears that perhaps
money changed hands and that's
profoundly well let me put it this way
that raises profoundly serious questions
that we have not considered to date and
Michael avenatti that's why the biggest
headline coming out of your report today
is the $500,000 from that company that
has the backing of the Russian oligarch
that's what congressman Heinz is talking
about now
yes Lawrence but again I think we've
only scratched the surface on this I
think I think that I know that there are
additional details to come out relating
to this account not just in flows but
outflows as well and and I would
encourage the congressman to put as much
pressure on his colleagues as he
possibly can to subpoena the bank
records the bank statements relating to
this account and but we've got to get
our hands on these stars these
suspicious activity reports and they
should be made public and the Treasury
Secretary should be put under a
tremendous amount of pressure to release
them and if there's nothing to hide
relating to these czars in the financial
transactions there's no reason why they
should not be released for the American
public to see period Carson Himes any
chance of your colleagues and the House
of Representatives moving in that
direction
well remember where we are Lawrence I
mean my colleagues and I'm in the
minority the Republicans are in the
majority and what we're talking about
now is not hey why are American
corporations paying the president's
consigliere huge amounts of money why
are Russian oligarchs paying the
president's consigliere huge amount of
money they're talking about you know
possibly holding the Attorney General in
contempt subpoenaing the Department of
Justice you know sadly the Committee on
which I serve for a year now has been
given over entirely to the defense of
the president United States and and so
the question is now do any of my
colleagues on the other side of the
aisle and there have been a few of them
do they say my god you know at what
point do we continue to attach our own
reputations to a president who and again
let's let's wait for the facts to emerge
but you know who
getting these hidden payments from
global corporations and possibly Russian
oligarchs so my hope would be that
Republicans would do exactly what mr.
avenatti suggested and say let's explore
this this is a you know profound sort of
undermining of our political system but
right now Washington and under
Republican control in the Congress is
about defending the president we're
gonna have to take a break here Michael
avenatti Mimi Roca and david korn thank
you for this discussion
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
