Trump however is plowing forward with an
even more controversial attack not only
on Obama's legacy but on values that
most Americans consider universal and
above politics that's our determination
to be better than our enemies and reject
torture and that's why this is an
important story tomorrow the US Senate
will begin hearings to determine whether
a CIA official accused of both
authorizing torture and destroying
evidence of that torture which is also
known as a potential obstruction of
justice whether that person should get
promoted Donald Trump's pick to run the
CIA Jena Hospital facing intense
opposition from conservatives and
progressives alike but for Trump we've
learned that torture record is
apparently a plus and I want to show you
something this can really only be
thought of as some kind of ethics
Twilight Zone where Donald Trump
explains his affinity for torture by
saying it's just terrorists who do a lot
worse perhaps thinking of terrorists
like the notorious jihadi John the
British Isis killer known for beheading
several hostages in videos from 2014 and
2015 I said to him they're decapitating
people they're drowning people and
they're chopping off heads yes I'm in
favor of waterboarding as far as I'm
concerned you can go a lot stronger than
waterboarding if you'd like and believe
me it works well we got to be nasty
folks like with Isis they're chopping
off people's heads I want to be nasty do
you mind do you mind let's be clear you
just heard Donald Trump try to justify
support for torture based on what
terrorists do truly ethically backwards
now President Obama ran against torture
in 2008 he made it a priority on day one
to ban it and there was a judgment at
the time which the voters backed if
that's part of why they voted for him
that whatever happened after 9/11 went
too far we also have to work those sort
of the dark side if you will we're going
to spend time in the shadows and
the intelligence world use any means at
our disposal the disposal basically to
achieve our objective we have been
moving away from that Donald Trump and
this Senate debate that begins tomorrow
appears to me moving back towards it I
want to bring in my special guest
tonight this is a lawyer who's been
dealing with and representing a terror
suspect whose torture was overseen by
actually by Miss Haspel this is Michelle
Paradis senior attorney for the office
of the chief defense counsel in years
representing detainees in these type of
situations including Guantanamo Bay I'm
also joined by Vince Warren who runs the
Center for Constitutional Rights which
challenged the Guantanamo Bay detention
facility from its inception and I should
mention full disclosure many years ago
we work together he did I start with you
what is at stake tomorrow well I think
what's at stake tomorrow is whether the
CIA nominee whether the director for the
Central Intelligence Agency someone
who's going to work in the shadows
someone who's going to have to be
trusted to work in the American interest
without any oversight can be trusted
with that power there are many people
who made hard calls after 9/11 and Gina
Haspel has been offered as someone who
made hard calls but I don't know that
following orders is a hard call doing
what you're told is not a hard call
doing what's moral doing that's right
upholding American values that is a hard
call and there were many people after
September 11th whether or not it was
Colin Powell or Ollie sue Fong or many
others who did the right thing made the
hard call and suffered for it suffered
there in their careers for it and have
not been nominated so I I don't know
ultimately what Gina Haspel did and I
probably couldn't say it even if I did
know well you're under some legal
restrictions on that that's correct yes
I can't speak specifically to anything
Gina Haspel did or did not do but I
think what's I think the Senate tomorrow
needs to find out the Senate needs to
find out was she one of the people who
protested did she use the power of her
office to pursue torture or did she use
the power of her office to uphold the
values that as you said were under
threat on September well well but
there's a lot we do know and I
appreciate the situation you're in and
there's
you know viewers understand you were
counseled to someone in the middle of
all this which both limits them what you
can say but also makes you a very
relevant expert for Vince I want to read
some of what we do know on the record of
what happened in the Bush era which
you've you've been challenging as well
threatening detainee with a gun to
instill fear of death
threatening a cordless power drill to
instill fear forced animus a multiple
waterborne waterboarding locked inside a
coffin sized box for days also referred
to as a force burial and bashed
repeatedly against a wall that's just
some of what we've seen if Gina Haspel
is confirmed by the Senate in your view
does that undo some of what Obama put
down as the new standard not only does
it do that I think it undermines the
basis of morality in this country this
is torture that we're talking about we
have to remember that the type of
torture they were talking about is not
only a crime under domestic US law it's
a war crime in this context it's also a
crime against humanity in the
international law context and we know a
lot about the a very small part of what
Gina hah spell has been doing she's been
there for 33 years and here's what we
know we know that she was overseeing
torture we know that she was connected
to that the last night in Thailand we
know that she was someone that was
implicated in the destruction of the
evidence of torture this is not the type
of person that we should be having
running the CIA I think there's a really
interesting thing I would love to hear
the Senators tomorrow asked one question
at least one question of Gina Haspel
which is if you're confirmed as the head
of the CIA what would you do to ensure
that employees and contractors complied
with the law she's got basically two
answers either she says don't do it the
way that I did it which would
essentially make her a criminal and
someone that is not fit to lead the
organization or she should say do it and
like I did do it which essentially means
that the CIA is going to be continuing
this lawlessness but given that other
people were court-martialed and
sentenced to jail for what happened at
places like Abu Ghraib
what messages it's then to take someone
more senior in command and give them a
promotion I think it's a terrible
message whether or not you're the lowest
grunt in the military or someone who
maybe has the eye on the prize of one
day being the Central Intelligence
Agency director what message does that
send that sends the message of do the
dirty work I and again I'm not saying
Gina Haspel did the dirty work but I
think what senators need to find out
tomorrow is did she do things that we
not only prosecuted some of our own
soldiers in places like Iraq for doing
but that we prosecuted the Japanese for
doing waterboarding has been a form of
notorious torture since the Spanish
Inquisition and the very idea that the
president could advertise our glory in
doing worse than waterboarding welna
shiri suffered worse than waterboarding
and I can't go into the same details
that you can but I can say that a
campaign of what has been described as
physical psychological and sexual
torture over over months if not years is
something that we need to have
accountability for and I hope I'm
hopeful that the Senate will have that
it will give a give voice to that
accountability tomorrow right and that's
and that's why it's such an important
story and a big test tomorrow Michelle
Paradis and Vince Warren thank you both
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
