we are now joined by former director of
the CIA Brennan who joins us from it
looks like Washington looks like you
just got off an airplane sir more view
we've been talking obviously that's
article about the twin headlines of the
president pulling out unilateral
withdrawal from the Iran deal as well as
the news that it's not clearly intended
to make about the brand-new Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo being on route and
potentially even on the ground at this
hour in North Korea to try to further
the president's goal of a denuclearized
Korean Peninsula if you could address
the question we've been asking all our
does pulling out of the Iran deal
strengthen or weaken the
administration's hand in trying to
convince another leader of a rogue
nation we don't want to have nuclear
weapons to give theirs up well I can't
understand how in it helps in any way
the ongoing discussions with North Korea
and the efforts to try to denuclearize
the peninsula
it totally undercuts the credibility of
America's word in terms of engaging in
these types of agreements because mr.
Trump has I think very foolishly and
blindly pursued a campaign promise about
trashing a nuclear deal and that view I
think was built upon very flawed
understanding of that arrangement so I
think I applaud the efforts to try to
continue to have discussions and
negotiations with North Koreans but he
has hurt I think the prospects for peace
and for successful diplomacy by
basically discarding something that was
hard-fought and well supported by our
allies as well as by the members of
gnash treaty Council the Security
Council of the United Nations so again I
just don't understand the logic here nor
do I understand what he's trying to
accomplish by just guarding the Iranian
nuclear deal sir can you decipher any
coherent strategy when it comes to
American adversaries and their nuclear
ambitions if you are against North Korea
having nuclear weapons why would you
pull out of a deal that could help slow
or even avoid a nuclear arms race
in the Mideast can you decipher or
through your contacts you've served
Democrats and Republicans have you been
able to sort of figure out what this
administration's policy is is there a
consistent policy on the pursuit of
nuclear weapons from countries that
threaten this country well I think there
is consistent and coherence in the
policy which certainly nervs our allies
and partners I mean look at the the
group of folks who are coming to
Washington to try to convince mr. Trump
not to pull out of the deal from Britain
from France from Germany so I really
don't understand it but also this is not
just foolish this is dangerous and mr.
Trump has repeatedly misrepresented the
facts of the nuclear deal with Iran he's
basically lied to American people and
lied to the world about what that deal
entailed and I would I've just read the
statement from former President Obama
that laid out clearly the facts of the
deal what that deal provided to us what
type of assurances we have that Iran is
not going to pursue this and with the
wave the hand of mr. Trump he has
basically sent a very bad signal to Iran
to North Korea to our allies as well as
to Russia and China in terms of can they
count on something that Washington
agrees to when administration's change
and this is fundamentally wrong from the
standpoint of the United States being
able to fulfill its responsibilities so
I don't know when people those in the
Republican Party who continue to
apologize and make excuses for mr. Trump
when they're going to come to their
senses this is a dangerous dangerous act
fact it's not just his statements for
his tweets this is an action that puts
at risk our national security as well as
the stability and security of the Middle
East as best it can can happen let me
read the part of the former President
Obama's statement I think you're
referring to President Obama put out a
statement today that says walking away
from the jcpoa turns our back on
America's closest allies in an agreement
that our country's leading diplomat
scientists and intelligence
professionals negotiated in a democracy
there will always be changes in pile
season priorities from one
administration to the next but the
consistent flouting of agreements that
our country is a party to risks eroding
America's credibility and puts us at
odds with the world's major powers how
do you see our European allies now after
being rebuffed and really rebuked by
this president on the Paris Accord
I mean his reluctance to affirm our
commitment to article 5 now in the Iran
deal how do they regroup and and what is
the deal salvageable without America's
participation well I think the European
partners to this agreement will continue
to honor it at least they have the
common sense as well as the foresight to
make sure that Iran does not feel as
though the the world community in the
internet community is abandoning it I
think they'll continue to try to work
with US diplomats work with people
within the administration who are much
more wise about these issues I mean Jim
mattis our Secretary of Defense who
knows the area very well and was
considered to be a hardliner on rod he
advocated for the continuation of this
deal but unfortunately you have
hardliners within the administration
ideologues and punks who are undermining
the the positions of those who have it
much more sensible and a much more
informed view of events in that region
so mr. Trump continues to have his
ignorance of the facts of willful
disregard of them again just to follow
through on these campaign promises that
really were very flawed we are always
grateful to have you as a colleague but
especially today MSNBC senior national
security and intelligence contributor
John Brennan thank you so much hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
