welcome back tonight and meet the
midterms cue the music guys it is the
first major midterm primary day of the
year and we're in for a heck of a night
oh this music voting is underway right
now in Ohio Indiana North Carolina and
West Virginia Republicans are fighting
to get the chance to take on three
Democratic senators up for reelection in
Trump States this year sherrod Brown Joe
Donnelly and Joe Manchin and there's
also a heated match on both sides today
for Ohio Governor some of these
primaries have been pretty ugly and they
may also be the clearest sign yet of the
party's full embrace of president
Trump's brand as Republicans are
fighting each other over who's the trump
iasts candidate yes the Trump iasts
candidate and where voters go today
especially in what's become a brutal
fight within the GOP in West Virginia
couldn't tell us a lot about where our
country stands in this moment joining me
now from the big board is who else but
MSNBC national political correspondent
Steve Kornacki Steve what will we learn
tonight we are we got suspense and we
got mystery a different unusual kind so
West Virginia right now that looks like
the Marquis story can Blankenship
actually win this thing tonight we don't
have any polls that we can show you that
say he's got the lead that he's within
striking distance what we have though is
chatter and really panic from
Republicans in Washington and rival
campaigns in West Virginia touting
internal polls that they say show
Blankenship surging taking the lead
maybe pulling away from this thing so
we'll find out tonight if that is real
look in the era of politics we live in
surprises like this I guess sometimes we
shouldn't be shocked if Blankenship does
indeed pull this out but then the
question becomes if he does win tonight
he's the Republican candidate he's
running against Manchin what does that
do for Republicans because remember this
is a state in 2016 the Donald Trump won
by 42 points this is one of the biggest
bastions of Trump them in the country so
if you nominate Blankenship for
Republicans they say folks in Washington
at least say look this could doom us you
got the history with the coal mine you
got the comments he's made Republicans
are gonna have to disown him they might
have to endorse Manchin there might be
trouble with money who knows but
remember
it is a 42 point Trump state and if
Blankenship's able to overcome
everything against him in the primary
can we say for sure that he's doomed the
general election on the other hand we
have to say look as Republican as West
Virginia is joe Manchin has managed to
win here before 2010 big national
Republican year Manchin still was able
to win look at all those blue counties
in West Virginia so he's been able to
survive these tides before bigger
picture nationally though of course is
this West Virginia one of 10 seats in
the country that Democrats hold right
now are running in this year but the
state voted for Donald Trump mansions
one of them we're also gonna find out
the Republican nominee in Indiana
against Donnelly and in Ohio against
sherrod Brown and that is a thing
Democrats have to overcome they won't
have any chance of picking up the Senate
they got to defend basically almost all
of these seats here the one good thing
they have going for them is history this
dynamic senators in hostile states in
midterm States won by a president of the
other party go back a generation they
tend to win in midterm elections go back
to 94 here look at all that green look
at all those wins only three losses you
can find four senators in this position
in their record since 94 senators like
mansion like Donnelly like sherrod Brown
they've won 21 they've lost three having
that president from the other party yeah
it helps these candidates in midterm
elections voters a little more willing
in these states to vote for the party
they don't normally vote for sort of a
buyer's remorse phenomenon maybe you
call it that but anyway that's the best
thing maybe that these Democrats and
Trump states have going for them hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
