some newspaper headlines underscoring
the high stakes for Republicans and
President Trump in today's primary
elections a potential battle for the
power within the party by candidates
claiming to be Trump e'er than the
President himself we all really like
president Trump's policies but we know
they doesn't get things rather me
recommended that people vote for a guy
that was basically accused of pedophilia
is in Alabama but do Republicans only
have themselves to blame with me now Ken
Blackwell former Ohio Secretary of State
Steve Benjamin the first
african-american mayor of Columbia South
Carolina my hometown he's also the new
president of the US Conference of Mayors
and crisco penises with me as well
former chief of staff for Senator Joe
Manchin good to have you guys thanks for
being with me Kim let me start with you
there so this is what Dana Millbank
wrote in The Washington Post today this
is just a snippet of it before Trump
there was Sarah Palin the Tea Party
movement senator Ted Cruz the Republican
Study Committee the freedom caucus the
Republican Party tried to harness the
rage of the need of his right but
ultimately could not contain it now we
have Blankenship Roy Moore Joe Arpaio
and the proliferation of name-calling
misfits and even felons on the
Republican ballots they are monsters
created by the GOP or rather the power
vacuum the GOP has become our chickens
coming home to roost for your party can
no again Dana that not too many people
in Ohio listen to Dana though the
reality is this the Republican Party
controls the Senate the house all of the
statewide offices and one Senate seat a
US Senate seat look this is coming down
to which one of these candidates Renee C
or Mike Gibbons
can actually harness the energy of Trump
voters and I think that both of them
have tried to attach themselves to the
hip to Donald Trump and it remains to be
seen how long the
hotels are of the president pretty long
you're talking about Ohio specifically
because you know that's that's where you
are but you look at some of these other
races and you look at West Virginia you
look at some of the things that
Blankenship has said you would have to
admit that a lot of the comments are
outside so we shall we say that the
normal confines of civility well look
look we just had a Democrat AG in New
York redesigned for untoward activities
towards women so look there is no party
has a claim two to two misfits though
they they pop up all over the place
and so the reality is that this is still
a pretty free country if you can get the
meet the requirements to be on the
ballot you can run I believe that the
voters of West Virginia will in fact
pick the person that they believe will
best serve their interests Steve when
the President did decide to come out
against Blankenship it wasn't because he
disagreed with with some of the more
ridiculous things and things that
Blankenship has said he said that you
know he can't win anyway he can't beat
Joe Manchin in November is there a
danger for the president there's a
president's tweet right there is there a
danger for the president to fight
against more extreme trumpism it's uh I
will tell you Craig it's it's
disheartening to watch the level of
rhetoric and vitriol that comes out of
Washington every single day and it's
also infected our state capitals and I'm
just excited to be here on behalf of the
makers of America Democrats Republicans
and independents who work every single
day just to get the job done recognizing
that there are no Republican waves of
democratic ways just to get things done
on behalf of the people of your city
pick up trash police your streets just
in its a.m. we hope and pray that our
message of bipartisanship in these days
of non-partisanship might begin to
elevate up to our state capitals in
Washington DC it sounds like you're
saying that the the vitriol that that
exists on the national level has not
filtered its way down to the local level
I feel very comfortable speaking on
behalf of the fourteen hundred cities
and America's mayors again of all
political stripes you know that I'm that
President Lincoln a great Republican
president said you know we're not
enemies but friends we must not be
enemies we have to make sure that every
single day where we speak to the better
angels of our nature and we start
working on really solving the problems
facing America name-calling partisan
politics the vitriol
doesn't solve problems we got issues
infrastructure preparing for this new
innovation economy what's happening all
across this country in this world and
certainly starting to foster the better
language around inclusion bringing
people together recognizing that the
issues that bring us together a much
more prolific than the ones that
separate us chris goofiness if
blankenship does win this thing tonight
this president Trump endorsing with
national republicans disavowing
i think they're gonna be in a really
tough spot you know and i mean aside
from the fact that you know that he were
talking about someone who was convicted
of a serious crime just his nature his
personality the way he the way he
communicates his positions his rhetoric
some of the offensive statements he's
mad he's made he just puts them in a box
again where you instead of trying to put
the other side meaning democrats on the
defensive they're having to defend their
their nominee or the candidate in the
case you know planking ship happens to
win here's i think that the challenge
this is kind of reflective of what we've
seen play out again and again and again
and i think you know Dana mailbag
actually I think got it right what's
happened here has been growing over
decades both parties has had it in in
various moments but it's really taken
over the Republican Party and and this
division has fed where they're eating
their own and in a race where you know
they have three candidates and two I
would say we're arguably relatively
serious candidates I mean again joe
Manchin's is very strong
senator and a very strong West Virginian
but Don Blankenship given his past his
record his rhetoric is clear gonna be
the weakest and more most vulnerable
candidate in a state that Trump won by
42 points
it's hard to step back and not
acknowledge that a guy who spent nearly
a year in prison for being responsible
for one of the worst mining disasters
this country has ever seen is it is it
not hard to see why someone might have a
problem with with don blankenship no
it's not hard to say but but it's in the
hands of the West Virginia voters you
know you guys this is a very elitist
view that that you think that the people
of West Virginia can't sort this out in
the final analysis they you know whoever
wins the nomination is accountable to
the voters that elect him or her and so
let's let's go back to this you know
don't don't paint a picture of a
Republican Party that it's eating itself
out of non-existence
we control the US Senate we control the
House of Representatives I told you we
control more state legislatures than the
Democratic Party the party that is on
the brink of irrelevance II is the
Democratic Party you first let's talk
about that you've s talked about the
problems that they are dealing with all
right and governor's mansion so
absolutely kid black well we'll leave it
there Chris kapinas Steve Benjamin
welcome to the city always good to have
you as well
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
