guy who is incredibly energized by the
confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh is
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
the man who led the process he spoke in
his home state of Kentucky yesterday
where he said how proud he is of the
Republican caucus for not being
intimidated by protests against
Cavanaugh we were literally under
assault these demonstrators are sure
some of them were well-meaning citizens
but many of them were obviously trained
to get in our faces to go to our homes
up there basically almost attack us in
the halls of the Capitol so that's a
theme you'll be hearing the Washington
Post reporting Republicans believe they
can channel their supporters outrage
into a winning issue by recasting
Democrats as an angry mob over the
recent protests and what they perceive
as the mistreatment of Brett Kavanaugh
the Radical Democrats have turned into
an angry mob angry left-wing mob and
that's what they become they have
encouraged mob rules I hope we can say
no to mob rule those who tried to
overturn the rule of law and replace it
with mob rule lost I've never been more
pissed in my life I'm really proud of my
members from not knuckling under to that
those kind of mob like tactics all right
we want to bring in now from Washington
the author of The New York Times
newsletter on politics with Lisa Lera
Lisa Lehrer is with us good to have you
on this morning Lisa
give us your reaction to the display at
the White House last night and what are
you hearing in terms of how people in
Washington are reacting to it well I
think we have to break down a little bit
what's happening here so what happened
was for weeks and weeks Republicans saw
this huge enthusiasm gap in their
midterm polling and you would talk to
Republican pollsters and they would say
there's a 12 point gap and how excited
Democrats are to vote and how excited
Republicans are to vote that was
obviously not a good thing they were
concerned about it the Cavanaugh
confirmation confirmation if I start
happening they saw that gap closed up
and we got to in sort of an equal place
between Republicans and
Democrats but then something else
happened which is that Republicans won
the fight and everyone knows that losers
are more energized to vote than winners
grievance out with beats out gratitude
at the polls every time so this is part
of Republicans trying to keep that sense
of grievance that sense of fight going
for the next 28 days but you know and
they're taking a little bit of a victory
lap and that's deserve it they won this
huge goal of you know getting a
conservative majority on this highest
court for a generation but the fact is
that they won so I wonder it feels like
it'll be a little difficult to maintain
the sense of grievance you know for the
next 28 days 28 days and politics is at
least let me just push that a little bit
because usually that works usually
that's the way sort of the aggrieved
side ends up being able to raise money
and develop enthusiasm but in this case
there's a lot of a grievance that
Republicans feel about the way kavanah
was treated and isn't this the number
one thing Republicans are looking for in
this president to name Supreme Court
justices and to get them through I would
think that this could be a nightmare
scenario for Democrats yes it is the
number one thing that they're looking
for from the president and of course the
presidency based love he did it he it
was a big accomplishment and of course
the president's based love this about
him that he's a fighter that he goes out
there and you know sticks it to
everybody all the time but don't forget
that Democrats also are very aggrieved
about this I was in Michigan yesterday
and I sort of one thing I had kind of
wondered was whether Democrats could be
any more energized than they are already
particularly Democratic women but I was
talking to activists in that state and
they were telling me that they were
wondering the same thing and the fight
over Cavanaugh has supersonic charged
their efforts that they are seeing even
more engagement from from women and
there is this historic gender gap and
independent women will matter
particularly in those suburban districts
that we were House districts that we
were just talking about so it's
energizing on both sides it's not
yes that it's energizing Republicans and
I think that's important so I think
because they are energized for sure but
aren't Republicans now going to be
saying not just the base Joe but
Republicans across the board you know
what he's he's definitely outside the
lines of the norms but he's getting it
done for us he's getting everything that
we want that we haven't seen for decades
Joe right done for us and including one
of the most important things on their
list yeah you know it's it is true that
it is so much easier to get people out
to vote when you have a list of
grievances
that's why midterm elections usually go
against presidents that's why in 94
there were a lot of grievances against
Bill Clinton that had nothing to do with
the economy Republicans won big in 2006
a long list of grievances against george
w bush despite the fact the economy was
strong in 2010 and in 2014 willie geist
in both instances barack obama's
coalition of the ascendant could not
come out and win in off-year elections
and willie let me talk to Willie can you
are you Willie I'd like to see we're
looking for there's very very and it's
good to see you Willie how are you doing
you're doing good but but it's it's like
what Tom Nichols said yesterday which is
which is the remarkable thing about
Donald Trump in this Republican Party is
that they play the card of grievance and
they play the card of grievance despite
the fact they own the Supreme Court they
own the House of Representatives they
own the United States Senate they own
the State Department they own the
Defense Department they own the EPA we
didn't do I need to continue they own
everything in Washington DC and yet
they're still aggrieved poor Lindsey
Graham he's pissed he says he's never
been so pissed in his life you know what
Lyndsey's part of a monopoly the
Republicans own Washington DC they own a
monopoly they can do whatever they want
to do and yet they're still playing the
aggrieved card and we'll see if it works
for of a month from now yeah we will see
we'll see where that energy is I think
you can't overstate what Lisa said which
is that President Trump is a fighter and
that's the way he's viewed by his party
that's the way he's viewed by
conservatives as you know well Joe and
this was a moment in our culture where
they saw a man unfairly accused in their
eyes they believed that a lot of these
allegations were scurrilous and he
highlighted the ones that were that were
the worst of them yesterday did the
president and he stood there at the side
of Judge Cavanaugh in a moment where a
lot of people might have walked away
from Cavanaugh and said I don't need the
headache I think that moment we really
can't overstate how big it was for a lot
of people that President Trump Mike
stood there at the side of a man that a
lot of people in this country believe
was getting a raw deal and didn't do the
thing that other politicians might do
because it felt bad or it was
uncomfortable which would be to walk
away from him well I mean that's part of
Donald Trump's unique and bizarre gift I
mean he has a capacity to just
concentrate on resentment and anger he
does it very skillfully and Joe let me
ask you you've actually been out there
running and you've run for office is it
possible for a candidate in this case
the president United States to fuel an
entire party and all of its adherents
for a month on anger is that possible on
anger
listen if the election were being held
seven days from now then I would tell
Democrats to dock that they were going
to be very disappointed it really is
true that a week in politics is a
lifetime
if I always say this and I know it to be
the case just by following elections if
James commis letter had come out 20 days
before the election Hillary Clinton
would have still won 30 days before the
election Hillary Clinton would have
still won it depends on what happens
between now and Election Day
what is there that Donald Trump can use
as a trigger to
chin up his bass but usually as you know
mic and off your elections it's really
really difficult for presidents even
extraordinarily successful popular
presidents Ron from Ronald Reagan to
Barack Obama to gin up their base Reagan
had just a disastrous midterm in 1982
followed by a disastrous midterm in 1986
when the Democrats took back the United
States Senate by winning a lot of seats
in the supposedly solid Republican South
so there's still a very very long way to
go but I must say Mike I've been
extraordinarily disappointed in the
Democratic Party I've been
extraordinarily disappointed in their
inability to put together a message
extraordinarily disappointed in their
ability to fight back extraordinarily
disappointed in their ability to
organize to have a national plan I'm
getting calls from people in the
Democratic Party every day talking about
the fact that right now they don't have
a robust aggressive way to make sure
that they pull out voters that that they
they that they don't have a game plan to
pull out for instance the black voters
that helped doug jones win in alabama
it's just it it is it's just amateur
night it seems constantly that it's
amateur night for the Democratic Party
they have 29 days to wake up or they're
gonna be sitting around the morning
after the election whining and bitching
about how Republicans sold another
election and maybe they'll blame
Martians this time except for blaming
themselves except for looking in the
mirror and blaming themselves for not
having a coherent message again for the
second time in the Trump era for the
second time in two years they don't have
a coherent message and apparently they
don't have a ground game if Democrats
win meka they're going to win because
they have strong candidates district by
district by district this National
Democratic Party does not exist okay
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
