welcome back everyone joining us now
from Washington DC with a look at ax es
am the co-founder of axis Mike Allen
Mike great to have you with us this
morning what's the one big thing axis is
watching well Axios is one big thing is
how a wave becomes a tsunami
now we're not trying to encroach on Bill
Karen's territory here this is
meteorologist this is politics but so
we've seen a wave coming it's a hundred
and eighty two days until the midterm
elections on November 6th and we see
what headwinds Republicans have and
trying to keep the house but here are
some figures that show how that wave
could become a tidal wave why
Republicans are struggling system so
much so look at approval of Congress 17%
job approval now there's not many of us
who would survive in our job if our
customers felt like that about us also
look at the direction of the country
this is what people call the right track
Ron prac and a lot of politicking
professionals will tell you this is
really the key indicator then 55 percent
of people think that things aren't
getting better this is even with Trump
in office with the Republicans in office
and you could also look at president
Trump's job approval so many of these
local candidates are trying to be their
version of Trump but if you're trying to
reach those middle voters trying to get
back some of the voters who
traditionally would have been Democrats
keep them this makes it harder it's
interesting as I was looking at some of
these numbers Mike that at one point in
the run-up to the midterms it seems as
if the GOP and the Republicans felt like
they could really Bank on the tax cut
policy under the Trump administration
but looking at these numbers that you
guys sent us Republicans they're
underwater and sort of that key area of
support like tax cuts how did they how
do they combat that how do they deal
with that that is absolutely right and
this is a huge problem you're right the
tax cut is what Republicans were hanging
their hat on they would always say yeah
Trump isn't popular yeah
in trouble but we always have the tax
cut and for a while it was looking like
that really would bail them out now we
would look at this number it's moving
the wrong direction for Republicans and
there's some Republic reporting from out
in the States the candidates are talking
less about it and that it isn't the
go-to in ads that it needs to be one
other data point that we see here is the
number of people who say that they would
vote for a Republican versus the
Democrats are not put in your particular
candidate but just to you how you feel
about the parties and here's where the
brands show their weaknesses the
Republican brand is showing the beating
that it's taking that's a notable
difference and it just means that when
Republicans are spending on TV they have
to overcome it to build their own name
so when you have this much trouble for a
party it's harder for an individual
candidate to distinguish themselves or
distance themselves speaking of midterms
we've got several primaries today in
states where President Trump actually
won in 2016 how big of a factor is Trump
in these elections today and going into
the midterm well the fascinating factor
we see is we see candidates trying to
out Trump Trump so we're looking today
at West Virginia North Carolina Ohio
Indiana there's four where the president
won and what we see in every case is
candidates running to the right when
there are Republicans and so that will
make it harder for them to come back to
the middle to get those swing voters and
then the other factor that we see and
this could be trouble for Trump in the
long term everybody's trying to be the
most anti Washington the most
anti-establishment candidate here's the
twist for Trump going to 2020 now he's
Washington now he's the establishment
we're actually gonna be having
wall-to-wall coverage of the primaries
today on MSNBC all day and into the
night
but how do you see Mike today's
primaries playing out well MSNBC has
been great on this what everyone is
talking about is that West Virginia race
where Don Blankenship the former coal
executive looks like he's been moving
for Republicans President Trump tweeted
yesterday said don't vote for this guy
he said he can't win in the general
elections and what Axios is hearing from
top Republicans is that if Don
Blankenship wins that Republican primary
tonight and he has two opponents so he
could
that means the Republicans will probably
basically give up on that and they say
Joe Manchin the Democrat will be
reelected all right Mike Allen thank you
very much live in Washington DC of
course we're gonna be reading Axios a.m.
in just a little while in to all of our
viewers out there as well you too can
sign up for the newsletter by simply
going to Axios com
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
