day four 73 of the Trump administration
and there is new reporting from The Wall
Street Journal tonight on the
possibility of an interview between
President Trump and special counsel
Muller The Journal reports Trump's
attorneys in the Russia investigation
quote hoped to decide whether he should
testify by May 17 the one-year
anniversary of the appointment of
special counsel Robert Muller Trump
attorney Rudy Giuliani said Monday mr.
Trump's legal team has long been divided
on whether he should agree to a sit-down
interview in an interview mr. Giuliani
said every day we swing a little
different on whether to advise mr. Trump
to talk to mr. Muller through the though
the suggested he suggested rather that
recent developments in the probe have
made him more leery the journal goes on
to report in an informal for our
practice session mr. Trump's lawyers
were only able to walk him through two
questions given the frequent
interruptions on national security
matters along with mr. Trump's
loquacious nough Swamper s'en familiar
with the matter said also tonight NBC
News reports Rudy Giuliani has confirmed
on the record that special counsel
Muller has rejected an offer for the
president to answer written questions in
lieu of a sit-down interview Giuliani
says this happened about ten days ago
during his first ever meeting with
Muller he also says the plan is to
submit a counteroffer to Muller the week
after next the details of which he did
not share yesterday on ABC News Rudy
Giuliani addressed the issue of a
possible interview if he tells it and he
tells the truth as you would advise him
to do what is the danger and answering
Robert because they are trying to trap
you can't you couldn't put a lawyer on
the show who wants to keep his law
license to tell you he should testify
that's only a situation it doesn't tell
the truth no it isn't it's only
prosecutable if they have some built up
manipulated evidence to prove the
president didn't tell the truth but you
believe the president is telling the
truth if you believe that if you have
that conviction you're his attorney why
don't you say go in talk to Robert
Muller tell the truth because I wouldn't
be an attorney if I did that George I'd
be living in some kind of unreal fantasy
world that everybody tells the truth
amid the negotiations for a Trump Muller
set down the
has kept up his attacks on Twitter this
morning sending out this message and
again with no regard for established
norms of capitalisation quote the Russia
witch-hunt is rapidly losing credibility
House Intelligence Committee found no
collusion coordination or anything else
with Russia so now the probe says okay
what else is there
how about obstruction for a made-up
phony crime there is no oh it's called
fighting back and as the president tries
to discredit the Russia investigation
there are new indications of ominous
stress fractures let's call it in his
relationship with among his newest
lawyers Rudy Giuliani according to a new
political article out just tonight the
former New York City mayor's days-long
media blitz has irritated the president
who quote has been griping to associates
that Rudy Giuliani his new personal
attorney has failed to shut down the
stormy Daniels hush-money saga and he
has expressed frustration that
Giuliani's media appearances are raising
more questions than they are answering
turning the story into a days long drama
capped by the admission Sunday that the
President may have made similar payments
to other women the question of possible
payments to other women came up during
that Giuliani interview yesterday said
did Michael Kahn make payments to other
women for the president I'd have no
knowledge of that but I would think if
it was necessary yes he made payments
for the president or he he conducted
business for the president which means
he had legal fees monies laid out and
expenditures which I have on my bills to
my to my clients the topic then came up
again today at the White House briefing
Rudy Giuliani said that if necessary is
possible to Michael Cohen could have
paid off other women to keep them quiet
about alleged affairs with the president
is that possible are there other women
out there who received money from the
President to stay quiet I'm not aware of
any other activity but I would refer you
to Rudy Giuliani to respond to any of
those questions or anybody else on the
president's outside Council you've been
in a circle for a long time though you
were on the campaign is that anything
that came across your desk again I'm not
aware of anything like that but I would
refer you to the president's outside
Council and there is this new reporting
tonight from Jonathan Lemire of The
Associated Press who is standing by to
talk with us he writes that the
president quote is growing increasingly
irritated with lawyer Rudy Giuliani's
frequently off message media blitz in
which he has muddied the waters on hush
money paid to porn actress stormy
Daniels and made claims that could
complicate the president's standing in
the special council's Russia probe Trump
has begun questioning whether Giuliani
the former New York City Mayor should be
sidelined from television interviews
according to two people familiar with
the president's thinking but not
authorized to speak publicly about
private discussions Giuliani is weighing
in on reporting about Trump's reaction
to his interview telling NBC news follow
us here that quote he's not frustrated
at all and one source familiar with the
president's thinking is telling NBC News
Tonight quote the president still has
confidence in Rudy but Rudy will need
more discipline to keep the president's
confidence isn't this interesting let's
bring in our leadoff panel for another
busy Monday night as we start a new week
Ashley Parker Pulitzer Prize winning
White House reporter for The Washington
Post Peter Baker chief White House
correspondent for The New York Times the
aforementioned
Jonathan Lemire White House reporter for
The Associated Press and because we need
a lawyer and a damn good one Barbara
McQuaid's back with us former US
Attorney for the Eastern District of
Michigan all our MSNBC analyst Jonathan
since we dropped your name
we know Rudy's feelings about Trump what
are trump's feelings about Rudy do we
think at this moment he does appreciate
11:07 he's been asked me again at 11:09
at this moment he does appreciate that
the president that the former mayor is
sort of an attack dog
Media that he's that he is out there
he's grabbing headlines he's defending
here that he is he's defending him and
he's taking a much more aggressive tact
than some of his other lawyers have done
that said is our reporting indicates
he's also grown frustrated we saw those
video clips they're pretty muddled
answers suggestion that the president
couldn't be trusted to tell the truth
about the Russia program we sat down
with Muller suggesting that there may be
more women the Michael Cohen is paid off
to cut to keep quiet
a la stormy Daniels these have not said
these are things that have not set well
with the president who certainly at this
moment again is not suggesting that he's
going to dismiss Rudy Johnny but he's
grown frustrated with these stories he
doesn't feel like he's he's sort of
silenced to talk about strong McDaniels
in fact he has sort of accelerated it
he's poured more fuel on that fire that
he thinks that he does need to be more
disciplined or he needs to perhaps come
off the air for a while
he's also frustrated in the exchange
from a previous interview with Sean
Hannity where Sean Hannity who we all
know is a longer trump coffee not they
speak frequently you were surprised by
Rudy suggesting that the Trump knew
about these payments and said oh they
were funneled through the law firm and
Giuliani repeated back and said oh
funneled yes and and and and the
president accorded are reporting got mad
at both men saying funneled like that
suggests a criminal enterprise that's
not what we're trying to do here yeah
that's not a normal word Peter I have
two questions for you
number one the Rudy factor since the
Hannity interview it strikes us tonight
he's been all or part of our lead story
every night since so there's that and
secondly a serious question we don't get
to see you in New York that often by
percentage how you you cover this White
House for the New York Times how much of
the Trump presidency
do you end up covering every day and how
much of this the moving parts the
machination yeah it's a great question
look there was talk just last summer
about trying to separate these things
right to have somebody who just dealt
with these things so that the White
House could get on with the business of
governing the country we've got a big
decision on Iran coming tomorrow we've
got an upcoming summit with North Korea
we've got the embassy moving in
Jerusalem this just the next few days
alone we've got terrorists we've got a
UK visit we've got all kinds of things
and instead the president knighted
States and his team are focused on the
hush payments to a porn star not the way
this supposed to work
so we really only rather than taking off
the front pages has put it back on the
front page every day with each
succeeding statement no matter how more
you know off message to use your phrase
as me and Ashley you've written about
this you've talked about it to some
degree what does this say about what
could be an innate need for drama on the
part of the president I think it says
that it's inescapable we often write
about the president sort of preferred
method of governing and managing which
is to do so in chaos and I think what
you're seeing with the legal team right
now is a microcosm of that there was a
lot of talk when Rudy Giuliani came on
people were a little skeptical but they
were excited to have a big name excited
to have in a television attack dog and
there was also excitement when the
president brought Emmett flood on that
is a well-respected lawyer who is the
sort of person you want in the trenches
with you when you're facing this sort of
investigation but the way the president
has managed sort of not quite pitting
one against the other but plotting a
strategy with Rudy Giuliani the effet
flood and the rest of his team didn't
know about
I talked to an outside advisor today who
basically described the other lawyers as
simply baffled by what's going on this
is the president's management style this
is what he seems to prefer he stated
that publicly and articulated it and it
also seems to be an almost instinctual
urged but you are seeing the downsides
of that right now with his legal team
Barbara on that point Ashleigh just made
I want to show a tweet from someone we
all know and a colleague of Peters
Maggie Haberman sand I kind of put it
very succinctly one person close to the
White House sums up Trump's legal
strategy right now as two teams
there's the Trump Rudy team and then
there's the lawyers of elegant turn of
phrase there but do you imagine right
about now Emmett flood is really happy
he moved all his stuff across town from
his partnership and Williams and
Connolly to a small office in the West
Wing I imagine he's quite frustrated to
see Rudy Guiliani out on television
after he himself says he's only about
halfway through learning the facts of
the case I mean no lawyers should be out
doing that
and there can be some very significant
consequences of Rudy Giuliani as Trump's
attorney making these statements on his
behalf
those are statements that are binding on
the party on whose behalf you're making
them so you know he's not just some you
know friend of President Trump or pundit
who is opining about issues he is his
lawful attorney representing him and
making these statements so some very
serious consequences there so I imagine
that Emmett flood and others are very
frustrated I think this is a consequence
of President Trump being his own
communications director and not having a
comprehensive strategy where everyone's
on the same page and my guess is that
Emmett flood would ask Rudy Giuliani to
either stop talking or at least learn
the facts before you do talk hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
