shortly before the Attorney General and
the first lady gave their twin
announcements about the US government
caring for children and forcibly
separating them from their mothers and
fathers the White House announced that
President Trump will make an
announcement early tomorrow afternoon
about the Iran nuclear deal over the
past two weeks France sent its president
Germany sent its Chancellor and Britain
sent its foreign minister to all try to
persuade President Trump to not pull out
of the Iran nuclear deal it is
nevertheless widely expected that that
is what he will announce tomorrow there
is basically mainstream national
security consensus in the United States
that pulling out of the Iran deal is
equal parts reckless and pointless and
it is certainly vociferously opposed by
most of our allies around the world but
the president campaigned against the
Iran deal and he did just bring on the
Fox News Channel's most vociferous
proponents of war with Iran as his
national security adviser so the dollars
to doughnuts bet tomorrow is that
President Trump will be announcing that
the u.s. is withdrawing from that
landmark deal and alongside the
anticipation of that announcement we got
an absolutely bizarre story today about
some shady covert private detective
style nonsense
apparently targeting people who have
advocated that the u.s. shouldn't pull
out of that deal Colin Cole is not a
household name you might recognize him
from seeing him on TV or maybe reading
an op-ed maybe Colin call was the
national security advisor to Joe Biden
when Joe Biden was vice president before
serving as Joe Biden's national security
adviser mr. Kaul served as a Deputy
Assistant Secretary of Defense
specifically focusing on the Middle East
so mr. Kaul had important jobs in that
area of policy within the Obama
administration but I mean no disrespect
by suggesting that he isn't exactly a
household name I mean no offense at all
but I imagine he is able to walk down
most streets at most times of day
without people dropping everything and
exclaiming hey weren't you Deputy
Assistant Secretary of Defense
for the Middle East from 2009 to 2011 I
mean I think that he's he's able to get
by in life without that being a serious
hindrance to being able to like get
through the drive-through you know
nevertheless mr. call appears to have
become the target of some sort of covert
campaign and it was not just him it
appears to have also been his family um
here's how mr. Kaul explained it over
the weekend quote last year my wife was
serving on the fundraising committee of
my daughter's public charter school in
Washington DC one day out of the blue
she received an email from someone
claiming to represent a socially
responsible private equity firm in the
UK this UK person said she was flying to
DC soon and wanted to have coffee with
my wife to discuss the possibility of
including my daughter's school in their
educational fund network so basically
there's a person calling from overseas
saying hey I'm a socially responsible
investment fund we might be wanting to
give your kids school some money mr.
Kaul says quote this was not a generic
Nigerian prince scam this person had all
sorts of specific information on my
wife's volunteer duties at an obscure DC
elementary school mr. Coll says there
was a website for this person's
purported firm this purported investment
firm that this person said she
represented but he says the website
quote no longer exists by the way the
website had no depth to it and there was
no detailed information about this UK
person who had reached out to my wife my
wife shared the email with me and with a
few people we know in both finance and
education fields all agreed that the
entire scenario seemed implausible it
seemed like an approach by a foreign
intelligence entity to test the
implausibility my wife kept trying to
encourage this person over email to meet
with other fundraising officers and
school leadership while she was in DC
she provided relevant contact info for
such people but this person in the UK
kept insisting that she had to meet
specifically with my wife at that point
my wife stopped corresponding it all
happened in May and early June of last
year we actually tonight obtained a
screen grab of the initial email that
was sent to Colin calls wife last year
as you can see that email says in part
quote my name is Adrianna
rillo I'm writing to you on behalf of
Rubin Capital Partners a london-based
private equity firm that specializes in
wealth investment and management I'm
currently seeking partners to build and
coordinate the program internationally
and I'm reaching out to you because of
your affiliation with this named DC
public charter school yours brought you
were brought to my attention I'll be
flying to Washington and would love the
opportunity to meet you and tell you
about our program and perhaps think of
possibilities for mutual collaboration
so that goes to call and calls wife the
next piece of the reporting puzzle comes
from veteran national security
journalist Laura Rosen who sussed out
that the name of the supposed British
company or is it Rubin Capital Partners
this company that was reaching out to
call and calls wife and trying
desperately to meet with her that was
the same company name that had been
given in a totally different case to
actress Rose McGowan when Rose McGowan
received a remarkably similar approach
when she was being targeted by a private
intelligence group that had been hired
by Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein
when he was mounting a scorched earth
campaign to discredit women who had
accused him of sexual assaults ah that's
this private firm that was reportedly
hired by Harvey Weinstein's attorneys in
the middle of the the the Harvey
Weinstein story breaking out that firm
is reportedly a company called black
cube it's a private intelligence group
based in Israel that reporting on Harvey
Weinstein's attorney attorneys allegedly
hiring black cube and then black cube
basically approaching women who were
accusers of Harvey Weinstein to try to
get Intel from them and ultimately to
discredit them that reporting was first
done by Ronan Farrow at The New Yorker
so between calling call telling the
story about this weird approach to his
wife last year Laura Rosen piecing this
together which went with what had
previously been learned from that other
scandal about that Intel group and then
from initial reporting from The Guardian
newspaper this weekend and a subsequent
follow-up story by Ronan Farrow at The
New Yorker what is emerged altogether is
this almost unbelievable bad movie
script and which somebody we don't yet
know who appears to have hired
this private intelligence intelligence
agency from a foreign country to get
intel on and apparently run some sort of
smear campaign against a not very high
profile official from the Obama
administration : call and also against
Ben Rhodes who is a slightly higher
profile national security official from
the Obama administration he was a
national security aide to President
Obama this effort targeting Colin call
and Ben Rhodes appears to have been an
effort to discredit the Iran deal which
they both support in which they both had
a role in negotiating the idea of
discrediting the two of them is
apparently to try to prepare some sort
of better political environment for
President Trump to dump out of that deal
tomorrow here's how mark Townsend and
Julian border put it in The Guardian
quote aids the u.s. President Donald
Trump hired an Israeli private
intelligence agency to orchestrate a
dirty ops campaign against key
individuals from the Obama
administration who helped negotiate the
Iran nuclear deal people in the Trump
camp contacted private investigators in
May last year to get dirt on Ben Rhodes
in : call as part of an elaborate
attempt to discredit the Iran deal one
source with details of the dirty tricks
campaign said quote the idea was that
people acting for Trump would discredit
those who were pivotal in selling the
deal making it easier to pull out of it
now Ronan Farrow at The New Yorker
corroborates much of that initial
Guardian story but Ronan has a source
saying the effort was not bought and
paid for by people in the Trump
administration his source says it was
quote for a private sector client
pursuing commercial interests related to
sanctions on Iran well whoever did it
whoever paid for it which is what I'm
particularly interested in this is
obviously a bizarre and baroque twist to
your usual tales about how US foreign
policy is made trying to dig up dirt on
call and call and Bend roads because
they were involved in the Iran deal and
if we can smear them then the Iran deal
looks bad and that makes it easier for
trying to get out of it I mean really I
mean if you're trying to think of a
historical antecedent here there's a
reason you might be stuck on Watergate
I mean just to make the loop close even
tighter this is actually the latest
reporting you know in a follow-up story
tonight in The Guardian in addition to
this campaign targeting callin call and
and Ben Rhodes
according to the Guardian tonight quote
in November 2017 the Washington Offices
of a pro Iran nuclear deal advocacy
group were burgled according to
officials from the organization it was a
sophisticated break-in in which the
whole buildings closed-circuit TV and
alarms were disabled the thieves went to
offices of the back on the organ at the
back of the organization's suite and
took only two computers used by senior
officials ignoring many other expensive
electronics including a new computer
still in its box which was lying close
to the entrance so Ben Rhodes and Colin
call apparently get targeted by this
Intel company there is a burglary of an
advocacy group that is also promoting
and supporting the Iran deal Guardian is
also describing activists over including
Iranian American activists who were
supporters of the deal being targeted
and what appeared to be fake
journalistic entreaties reporters
calling up activists and trying to
elicit information from them that could
potentially be used to make guys like
Colin call and Ben Rhodes look that it
is a huge deal that the president is
probably going to announce the death of
the Iran nuclear deal tomorrow alongside
that lends a bizarre cast to that huge
deal if part of the way they've tried to
arrive at this political outcome is with
this cloak-and-dagger alleged burglary
and black ops targeting the family
members of Obama administration
officials using foreign private
intelligence groups hi
joining us now is Colin call former
national security adviser to Vice
President Biden mr. Kaul thank you very
much for being here I really appreciate
your time
sure first of all I imagine this must be
unnerving so I appreciate your ability
to your willingness to talk about it
publicly second of all I'm sorry that I
am I implied that maybe people don't
know you all across America on a
first-name basis just seeing you on the
street
it's fine okay it's a good thing yes
exactly and I hope you can regain that
for as long as you want can you just
tell me your overall reaction to this
reporting how plausible you see all this
reporting and if you have any into any
insight into why this might have
happened to you yeah it's a great
question I think this story is tells
it's still taking shape I'll just tell
you about a week ago those reporters
from The Observer and Guardian reached
out to me
my understanding is they also reached
out to Ben Rhodes separately and they
essentially said look we've got when in
the process of us doing an investigation
on Cambridge analytical we came across
references that Trump aides had hired a
foreign in television you and Ben to try
to discredit the Iran deal have you
heard about this to which I responded no
actually I've never heard about this and
that's crazy do you have any more
information they then repeated then you
know published their article a few days
later and the kind of stories snowballed
from there to my wife's memory about
this encounter to Ronan Pharos reporting
and Laura roses reported and all in all
of the rest
I think the $64,000 question is really
who who paid for this firm I think the
evidence is now pretty solid that this
firm was behind it and the question is
why I don't find it terribly plausible
that this was kind of corporate you know
shipping interests or something like
that it doesn't make any sense why they
would go after Ben and me specifically
and in this regard and the thing I keep
coming back to was this this campaign
was allegedly organized last May so May
of 2017 and it targeted Ben and I and
we're both senior Obama officials but we
weren't the only officials involved in
the Iran deal nor the most senior
officials involved in the Iran deal and
as you said I'm less senior than Ben so
why the two of us why can join Ben and I
and then I recalled that you know in May
and June of last year there were a bunch
of Trump aids Sebastian Gorka in
particular out in public essentially
arguing that there was a Ben Rhodes
Colin called Nexus his exact words on
Fox that was somehow masterminding this
kind of deep state conspiracy to leak
things against Trump and bring the
president down there were leaks to
right-wing tabloids trying to smear ven
and I and only Ben and I
and and so it's it's just it's just
weird it's weird that you had aides to
the president the United States trying
to essentially put Ben and I as a pair
blame us for all the ills in the Middle
East for the Obama administration say we
were orchestrating the deep state at the
very same time that someone hired this
foreign Intel firm so maybe it's
completely a coincidence I have zero no
evidence that Trump aides were involved
the only thing I have is the reporting
from the observer / Guardian but it's
it's it's something that needs further
investigation for sure and do you know
what the connection is with Cambridge
analytical you mentioned that when you
were first contacted by reporters for
your comment on this story
they said that they had basically come
across this information while they were
investigating Cambridge analytical we
should say Cambridge analytic adjust
technically shut down they were the data
firm associated with the Trump campaign
and they've been the subject of some
incredible reporting an expose
particularly in the UK in terms of their
their sort of dark tactics in elections
and other and other Intel and data
related concerns do you know what the
Cambridge analytical connection would be
here I don't I think it's worth talking
to the reporters more about it I can you
know there is some reporting not from
these reporters but others that suggest
that the Cambridge analytic and this
organisation in Israel black cube had
worked together before in other areas
like Nigeria for a contract they did for
the government there which is a little
odd since since black cube says they
don't work with foreign governments but
anyway but I don't know whether that was
the connection or rather some of the
sourcing that came out of the Cambridge
analytic investigation also tipped them
off to this other thing I just don't
know
Colin call former deputy assistant to
President Obama national security
adviser to Vice President Biden as I say
I imagine this must be unnerving for you
and your family thanks for helping us
understand it please as the story
continues to evolve please stay in touch
with us about it thanks Rachel thank you
all right much more ahead tonight in
just a moment we're going to get the
latest on this explosive new reporting
in The New Yorker magazine which is just
posted tonight allegations of physical
and sexual abuse by one of the most
powerful and high-profile attorneys
general in the country that
with the reporter who's breaking that
story tonight is next day with us hey
there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
