this afternoon in the space of one
single hour the Trump administration
gave birth to a remarkable set of policy
twins the first twin born just minutes
ahead of her little sibling was this
announcement from First Lady Melania
Trump I'm asking you all to join me in
providing support and guidance to our
children let us teach children the
importance of all aspects of their well
being which includes a social emotional
and physical health there are too many
critical issues facing children today
children deserve every opportunity to
enjoy their innocence every child should
know it is safe to make mistakes and
that they are supportive adults and
friends nearby to catch them if they
fell that was the first of two policy
twins that were born with him in the
space of one hour in the Trump
administration today
First Lady Melania Trump announcing as
of 3:21 p.m. that she will be creating
something called b-best
which she described as an awareness
campaign dedicated to the most valuable
and fragile among us our children less
than an hour later at 4:12 p.m. Attorney
General Jeff Sessions in California gave
birth to the second twin when he
announced that henceforth the United
States government will officially pursue
a policy of forcibly tearing children
away from their parents and incarcerated
the parents putting the kids in homes or
shelters separating parents and kids
against their will is now the announced
proud policy of the US government in
terms of border enforcement the Trump
administration has been quietly pursuing
a version of this policy for parents and
kids crossing the US border without
papers but now as of today they are
formally announcing that this is what
the US government stands for so as the
first lady said children deserve every
opportunity to enjoy their innocence she
said that within one hour of Attorney
General Jeff Sessions announcing that it
will now be US policy to rip children
out of the arms of their parents and
lock them up
and it is remarkable and it will be seen
as a landmark moment that the US
government is announcing and pursuing
this policy of taking literally taking
babies away from their mothers this is
not like grown kid like babes and arms
infants toddlers being forcibly taken
from their parents as now US government
policy at the border which itself is as
I say landmark moment but but the White
House really did not do anybody any
favors today by scheduling the
announcement that we will now rip babies
from their mother's arms to coincide
almost exactly with a very rare public
appearance by the first lady in which
she announced how much she wants
everybody to value children and take
care of them the most valuable and
fragile among us the White House also
not doing the first lady any favors
today when they in conjunction with the
spirits put out this document and called
it quote a booklet by First Lady Melania
Trump and the FTC they sent out this
document today saying it was created by
mrs. Trump this brochure was actually
created during the Obama administration
all they did was put a new introduction
on it with a picture from Melania Trump
they also changed the icon inside from
an old looking phone to a sort of new
looking phone to update the iconography
there there's nothing wrong with
reissuing and redistributing and
somewhat effective pamphlet on an
important issue like cyberbullying but
for the White House to put out an overt
claim saying this was written by Melania
Trump when anybody who's ever seen that
document before would know that it was
created years ago and distributed by the
Obama administration that was an
unkindness to her especially after the
fiasco involving her Republican National
Convention speech which turned out to be
partially plagiarized from a speech by
Michelle Obama mrs. Trump does not give
very many public remarks she has not
been a high-profile public figure of any
kind let alone as a first lady but that
makes it doubly triply important that it
shouldn't be a scandal or an
embarrassment
when she does appear in
public I mean whoever's working on her
staff and arranging things around her
skimpy public schedule is not doing her
any favors
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
