breaking news tonight The New Yorker
reporting on disturbing allegations
against New York Attorney General Eric
Schneiderman four different women two of
them on the record and named who speak
at length throughout the article
accusing the current Attorney General
for New York state of physical violence
quote they allege he repeatedly hit them
often after drinking frequently in bed
and never with their consent in a
statement to NBC Schneiderman denied the
allegation saying the privacy of
intimate relationships I have engaged in
role-playing and other consensual sexual
activity
I haven't assaulted anyone I have never
engaged in non-consensual sex which is a
line I would not cross we have one
source telling us tonight
that Governor Cuomo was telling the New
York Times that Governor Cuomo will be
calling for Eric Schneiderman
resignation we'll keep our eyes on that
joining me now to discuss this is
attorney Lisa green that intro doesn't
do justice to the scope of what's
contained herein no they're pretty
sickening allegations and what's notable
about the reporting is how consistent
the stories are and something else Chris
you know if we knew anyone who was
subjected to this kind of abuse that's
alleged in this article you'd
immediately tell them it's best
practices to call a domestic violence
hotline and get yourself to a safe place
and when I find so striking is how
terrified these women were not
incomprehensible after all when your
alleged perpetrator says things like I
am the law or I could have you
wiretapped and I encourage people to go
look at the full article to see some of
the scope of what these women allege was
the pressure that Schneiderman put on
them to remain quiet well I want a few
things about that one is it that the
pattern here is physical physical
violence slapping so hard hitting so
hard that women went to doctors ear nose
and throat specialist choking choking
verbally belittling but then also
threatening this is where the sort of
official part of this comes in
threatening them essentially with his
his power as the top law enforcement
official for the state of New York but
all that while he's simultaneously
championing championing the cause of
women right reproductive rights going
back into the Weinstein investigation
insisting that victims get superior
damages calling running an investigation
if I remember correctly on behalf of
Governor Cuomo to look into why criminal
charges were brought surely that's over
and I think it's the seeming hypocrisy
that is what drove some of these women
to finally come forward cannot have been
an easy decision for them there is also
it seems to me some real legal exposure
if these allegations are true civil
lawsuits and possibly criminal action
depending on how these crimes are
defined statutes of limitation again the
incredible irony of the story Chris
we're talking about women who felt
uncomfortable coming forward about a man
in power but the man in power is himself
someone who really carved out a place as
a champion of women's rights it the mind
almost can't carry both these ideas at
the same time in fact one of the most
perverse ironies here is that he wrote
when when a New York State political
official was accused of strangling a
woman and it was revealed that I guess
the Criminal Code did not have a crime
for for that he actually wrote the bill
to criminalize that he is accused of
doing precisely that in this art yeah
first he criminalized it and then he
inflicted that exact act on women
according to these women and it is hard
to imagine anyone what does the
expression hoist by your own petard I
mean to behave in that way with full
awareness of the consequences while at
the same time leading a day job that
puts you out there as a champion of
women again the I think it's the
juxtaposition that's one of the most
shocking things about this reporting in
addition to the detail I should state
that these are allegations they are
denied by the Attorney General but that
there is a tremendous amount of
corroborating evidence in terms of
contemporaneous accounts including the
reporting people telling their friends
about it people keeping journal entries
emailing other people there's
documentation from doctors so there's
there's a fair amount here this is a if
the Attorney General is going to attempt
to rebut these charges he very much has
his work cut out for ya I mean it's
meticulous reporting and I guess one of
the things I find so sad is even these
accomplished women often blame
themselves and and that's a pattern we
see throughout some of these hashtag me
two stories and I just find it really
troubling he is also we should note he's
been a guest on the show he sat in that
seat right there it is what is alleged
in the article is it despicable and
horrified
sort of past what it brings you up short
what what has described the terror that
he inflicted allegedly on the women who
speak also yet another incredible piece
of reporting from The New Yorker from
Jane Mayer and Ronan Farrow who's just
doing an incredible job right now um
Lisa Greene thanks for being here
sure hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
