investigations are barreling forward on
to Trump insiders Roger stone and
Michael Cohen and tonight I'm about to
speak to someone who knows both men Sam
Nunn Berg the former Trump campaign aide
who's been interviewed by the special
counsel himself it is Sam's first time
on the beat since this FBI raid on
Michael Cohen's office home in hotel
room they were looking for information
about of course as we've been discussing
stormy Daniels Michael Cohen himself has
not talked to Miller's team and this
morning stone said he hasn't talked to
Miller either and that he's not nervous
about a potential Muller interview I
have not I'm not involved in any
collusion coordination or conspiracy
with the Russians or anyone else and
there's no evidence to the contrary CNBC
reporting in recent days though that
Miller is quote focused sharply on Roger
stone and his team's interested in stone
beyond his interactions with WikiLeaks
founder Julian Assange I'm joined now by
Sam Nunn Berg and Michael avenatti is
back with me two people who have seen
this process far more closely than most
Americans and inside eliminated tomorrow
Michael you tell me I know Michael
Michael is Michael's very talented
lawyer has proven to be I'm not his
adversary with former dr trump officials
but I'm not his adversary I start with
you on Roger stone speaking out today
when is the last time you spoke to him I
spoke to Roger the weekend before my
grand jury testimony after my voluntary
interview so for our famous Monday
Bonanza sort of been that weekend I
spoke to him on that Saturday I told the
grand jury this - I just said look I've
received a subpoena and your name is on
it and once again Roger you know they're
calling me in and it's gonna be about da
song stuff and when you look at what
he's doing today as someone who knows
him well what is what is he trying to do
when he knows that like you he could
eventually have his day in an interview
well I think Rogers been clear about
this yeah re I said to you them when
Roger initially told me that he met with
Assange I believed him subsequently I
didn't believe him during the rest of
the election this is something Roger
you know Roger may not like it that I
say it frankly it helps him legally
Roger likes to insinuate himself in
these events and you never know because
somehow he's involve
and somehow he's not I think that he's
basically getting it out there that look
I never met with assigns perhaps I told
people I did I'm not the only one I
think he told I'm not there's been other
stories about it but I've never met with
them and he yeah you're casting him is a
kind of an equal-opportunity exaggerator
and liar and different people the same
false story and now is is getting in
front of it i want to look at cohen as
well sure i want to play two things that
you've said about my mark Mowen which
are very interesting given what we've
learned and then and then he wears
turned to michael number one in february
right you said that was a concern this
was before everyone else knew what we
know now take a look I worry about
Michael I have must get the say
Michael's gonna lie I worry about
Michael you were worried about Michael
mm-hmm and then later when you were in
the room you told us on this show that
the molar investigators were asking some
questions about payments to women which
does not naturally obviously relate to
the brief to look into Russia collusion
let's see that did mother's folks asked
anything that related to these issues
around payments to people or women well
look they asked if I had ever heard
anything about that and my answer is I
never have but I've never I've never
heard you say that publicly before in
your FBI interview with Muller tonight
we're asking about payments to women
they were asking if I knew anything
about it right now we know they took
some of the information they glean from
wherever they got it about payments to
women and ultimately referred this case
out to federal prosecutors in New York
does that surprise you I sadly it does
and I'm not necessarily once again feel
badly for Michael cuz this whole episode
all these problems he's having now would
not have happened and the president not
hosted the Russians the day after he
fired James Comey but I think it was
obvious been open and Rudi's even
admitted this as Michael's been pointing
out this was Michael Cohn's role Michael
has done this for years so this was the
role Michael was going to have in the
election why do you think he's not
better at it if he's been doing it for
so long I don't know I'm not gonna I
don't want to criticize Michael he's a
friend of mine I think look I think I'm
gonna guess and this is
injector by me that the reason that they
are fighting or these were fighting very
hard against mr. a vanadis client it's
not because they care about stormy
Daniels but there are other deals and
the minute this deal is the minute mr. a
vanetti wins in court which I think he's
likely to you're gonna have other women
come out that have signed agreements
well I mean that's great news we'll see
what happens I mean if we keep if we
keep up with the streak that we've had
and then you know certainly it's gonna
be a bowl of cherries but we'll see what
we'll see what happens but I had a quick
question actually if can I ask a
question yeah all right excellent
in in the year after the elections of
2017 obviously Michael was not asked to
join the administration did not go to
Washington I mean did he undertake any
business dealings along the lines of
like selling access to the president or
did you get the impression that he was
trying to put himself out there as a guy
that could put people in touch with the
president no I had limited contact with
Michael because it wasn't gonna be my
position was I was a pro Steve banning
guy Michael is a Jared Kushner guy got
it so it was you know even though I like
Michael a lot Michael is a very good
snake when it comes to stuff like that
so he would sit there across from you
pretend to be my best friend and just
report back to them with that said I ran
into him what do you mean by a snake oh
I mean it's a compliment or instance
he'll sit there and then he'll just
report everything I tell them back to
Jared Kushner let's say so you didn't
trust him
I didn't per se when I was when I was
abandoned guy sure I didn't trust him do
you think personally there's a
difference Michael you know what do you
think that do you think that Coen was
someone who always thought he was
outsmarting other people yes in in for
instance in these deals like this and
the stormy Daniels issue I think for
sure he thought he was look at the deal
he got he got her to take 130 grand and
not go on TV right
she didn't go on TV two weeks before the
election you know hindsight is 20/20 but
I don't think it would have mattered had
she gone on TV I think it wouldn't
affect the Trump's numbers frankly so
this is that's the real tragedy of this
for Michael I don't think it would it
what define real tragedy
well the tragedy that he's being
investigated for a deal that
perhaps I don't know there are money you
know you're gonna have to serve Weissman
had a nice little list of possible
issues that get for the US District
Attorney here so I don't know what the
legalities are what do you mean it you
talk about Andrew Weitzman right then
what are you saying I'm saying I'm sorry
Andrew Weitzman has a you know could
come up with a reason why what what the
deal that they did for some reason is
goes against some kind of wire fraud or
something like that I'm not an expert in
these laws you also mention who's
aligned with whom in this rapidly
shifting game where there's a lot of
pressure on Donald Trump in the White
House probably more pressure than he's
ever felt in his private life I want to
play Rudy on Sean Hannity with another
point that was raised earlier in this
broadcast about this whole son-in-law
who's disposable thing and why would you
put that out there at this early stage
on television I don't know but here was
that clip Ivanka Trump I would I think I
would get on get on my charger and go
right into the writers their offices
with a Lance if they go after Ivanka
what about a son-in-law they talked
about him I guess I read is a fine man
you know that but men are you know
disposable but a fine woman like Ivanka
come on what's happening there cuz you
know these people and who is Cohen
aligned with and what does that tell you
about who's turning on him well I think
the president from what I've heard and I
haven't spoken to him in a very very
long time from what I've heard he
realizes in hindsight that his
son-in-law caused a lot of problems for
him as people like me were saying from
the very beginning he tried to skirt
financial laws in front of everyone he
was he's one of the Democrats I know in
New York that's not good at corruption I
mean this guy tried to raise money at
666 he had the Chinese in 666 you know
for a diplomatic issue he met with Qatar
his father met with Qatar I mean these
are these are just issues that the
president in general was always going to
be upset if people make money off of him
he hates that and certainly if it's
giving him political and legal problems
and Jarrett has been a major problem now
Rudy does not like Jared this is I did
reported publicly but I could tell you
I've heard it from other people never
directly from Rudy because Jared fought
very hard against Rudy becoming
Secretary of State the other big change
that
that actually can involve both of you is
the removal of a White House lawyer who
has been the most cooperative for Donald
Trump that's Ty Cobb that's something
people may forget but you and I also
spoke about and you said and I want to
read it to you you said I think Trump
needs to fire Cobb I think Cobb said the
Miller investigation will exonerate
Trump by the end of the year and you
said it will not re and Cobb should be
out and everybody says I'm crazy when I
come on here look at all these
predictions I've had well I always leave
it to everyone to make up their own
minds about everything how does the show
but I try to have everyone on them to
entry unfairly you felt that about Cobb
he is out does that tell you that Donald
Trump Rudy Giuliani and this team are
moving forward in one way or another to
try to kneecap this probe rather than
the cobb strategy which was to provide
information they be expecting it made
the calculation finally which is what
people like me have been saying Steve
Bannon Roger stone people like us this
is a street fight this is not a legal
fight this is a political fight and at
the end of the day if you put this out
as these are a bunch of unelected
bureaucrats this is James commis best
friend and Robert Muller not liking the
fact that Trump fired him mister that
you can put these out because this is
gonna go and when this gets to
impeachment proceedings if it does it's
a public of pits in the public opinion
it's not gonna be fought on legal issues
I do not think Robert Muller and I think
this is an important legal and
constitutional issue can subpoena Donald
Trump to a grand jury that is a very
very bad precedent I think President
Trump should submit to a Muller
interview if and only if the scope is
what happened to the election not what
the president was thinking about why he
fired James Comey not what he was
thinking when he thought about firing
Muller I mean this is ridiculous as you
know very different standard than say
Republicans applied to Bill Clinton
where perjury and obstruction were front
and center of what they wanted and they
did get a grand jury but it was a civil
matter no it was a Quinn star was it was
also a criminal probe and they got their
grand jury we will see we will see I
want to thank you for coming back to me
there's always say about Michael
avenatti I want to thank you hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
