you know one of the key areas of the
criminal investigation in this probe is
whether people broke the law while
lobbying on behalf of foreign
governments now that puts scrutiny and
one of the leading Republican firms in
the field Black Manta Ford stone and
Kelly man of Ford of course indicted for
that kind of work and we know Muller is
questioning witnesses about stones work
we also know that Rick Gates who
famously pled guilty was first connected
with those folks when he interned at
that firm he became mana Ford's protege
and right-hand man now apparently this
fact bothers Roger stone because he
brought it up today in a CNN interview
apparently he didn't like it when I said
this on Friday
Manta Ford gates and stone are all
linked of course through the lobbying
firm that they ran for many years that's
where Gates got his start as an intern
that's where Gates got his start as an
intern which isn't even automatically a
bad thing it's just how old these
lobbyists for foreign governments first
hooked up but stone was insistent on
distancing himself from gates today I
have one dinner with him with other
people to discuss the makeup of the New
York delegation of the Republican
National Convention
I have no meetings with him whatsoever
in 2016 in at Trump Tower I didn't know
him until 2016 the truth of your
relationship with gates maybe nothing
all right that's your supposition no
let's take our email very MSNBC Jeremy
stone worked with gates at Black Manta
for in stone no I didn't because he
never worked there that's fake knows
this is just a weird thing to lie about
everyone knows as I just showed that
Rick Gates did intern at the firm and
that fact alone doesn't tie him very
closely to Roger stone anyway so why is
this the thing that stone is seeing
seizing on I mean consider his ally Alex
Jones known for all kinds of conspiracy
theories and they're they're spending
the election night together you can see
with a glass of champagne
well now Jones is jumping into this and
attacking the beats reporting about
Roger stone as well we have done several
reports about stone stated links to
WikiLeaks and Julian Assange and Russian
intelligence and his long-running role
as an advisor to Trump who could have
guessed that a passing reference to an
in term from nearly three decades ago
would be what set mr. stone off today
but unlike Paul Manafort and Julian
Assange
that former intern is cooperating with
Bob Miller maybe that's what's on mr.
stones mind right now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
