but we begin tonight here it is done
this weekend after being confirmed by a
historically narrow 52:48 in the United
States Senate Brett Kavanaugh was sworn
in as the newest Justice of the Supreme
Court he was sworn in immediately before
anything else could happen and then this
evening he got a formal installation
ceremony at the White House with Donald
Trump and a bunch of his conservative
friends it was 89 days from Cavanaugh's
nomination to his confirmation on
Saturday 89 long long days the Brett
Cavanaugh's nomination was not the
longest nomination battle in recent
history if you set aside for a moment
the Merrick garland debacle because of
course his nomination was never actually
taken up by the Senate
thanks to Mitch McConnell then Cavanaugh
clocks in as the second longest in the
last 27 years the longest as Clarence
Thomas and on an October night in 1991
after the Senate had debated all day
long and narrowly confirmed him Clarence
Thomas the newly confirmed Supreme Court
justice spoke something he really
doesn't do that much anymore he emerged
from his home in Alexandria Virginia and
addressed the nation accompanied by his
wife future Tea Party activist Virginia
Thomas and also by the nearly 90 year
old arch segregationist Senator Strom
Thurmond
my wife and I came out just say a few
words on first of all I'd like to say
that I'm thankful we're thankful that
the process is over that it's finally
come to a conclusion after three and a
half months but this is more time for
healing not a time for anger for animus
or animosity not a time for anger or for
animus or animosity you have to put
these things behind us and who can say
exactly what effect Clarence Thomas's
speech on his front lawn that night had
whether it helped at all to calm some of
the turmoil around his nomination but
tonight at the White House where justice
Cavanaugh was sworn in for a second time
the President did not seem to want to
let the fight over his nomination end
Cavanaugh tried to reset himself as the
impartial justice unity and healing guy
despite his hyper partisan weepy fury
during the confirmation battle but the
president apologized on behalf of the
nation to Brett Kavanaugh and declared
that he had been quote proven innocent
which of course isn't true if one thing
has become clear in the 48 hours since
Brett Kavanaugh was confirmed by the
Senate it's that Republicans do not want
this to be the end of it they think the
battle over Brett Kavanaugh was great
for them and they don't want anyone to
forget about it anytime soon the
behavior of his first Democrats on the
Senate Judiciary Committee and then the
overreach of the protesters at the
Capitol have actually energized the
Republican base I want to thank the
other side for the tactics that have
allowed us to kind of energize and get
involved our own voters all I can say is
that this is going to the streets at the
ballot box I'm going to never campaigned
against a colleague in my life
that's about to change I think it really
has energized conservatives across the
state of Texas I think a lot of Texans a
lot of Americans watched what happens
the last few weeks and were disgusted by
the behavior of Senate Democrats I think
the analysis that that that the
Republican base is very much activated
as a result of this I think a lot of
Democrats are going to vote Republican
because I have many friends that are
Democrats the main base of the Democrats
have shifted so far left that will end
up being Venezuela this country would
end up being Venezuela I think a lot of
Democrats are going to be voting
Republican on November 6 literally
everyone in the GOP is reading from the
same talking points right now it's been
impossible to turn on a TV in the last
couple of days without hearing that the
Cavanaugh denomination couldn't have
gone better for the Republicans it's the
Democrats and the woman MA they've given
Republican candidates a gift one month
before the midterms is that actually
true well we'll find out one month from
tomorrow but here a couple things to
keep in mind first of all this
particular Supreme Court nomination has
left a lot of loose ends hanging there
are thousands if not millions of
documents related to Brett Kavanaugh s
time in the George W Bush White House
that the Senate and the public never got
to see more of those documents will be
released and even more will be fired
over time and more evidence may emerge
the Cavanaugh lied under oath about his
activities during that time we've also
learned that Chief Justice John Roberts
has received more than a dozen judicial
misconduct complaints against Cavanaugh
passed along by a judge on the DC Court
of Appeals where Cavanaugh was a judge
until this weekend we don't know what if
anything may become of those complaints
now that Cavanaugh is the Chief
Justice's colleague and the New Yorkers
Ronan Farrow who broke the story of
Cavanaugh accuser Deborah Ramirez hinted
this weekend that there might be more
accusers yet to share their stories of
sexual misconduct by Cavanaugh we really
do not have a roadmap for how to handle
the process the prospect of a Supreme
Court justice with so many outstanding
complaints or potential complaints
against him how will such complaints be
adjudicated if
when they come to life so that's one
thing to keep in mind as we go forward
we are in completely uncharted territory
right now the other thing to think about
is this it's not really clear that the
Republicans have much data or historical
precedent to back up their conviction
that imposing Cavanagh on an unwilling
majority of Americans is gonna give them
a boost to victory next month CNN is
just out with this new poll tonight
taking Thursday through Sunday so the
final days of the fight over Cavanaugh's
nomination and through his confirmation
vote this weekend the poll found that a
majority of Americans are opposed
Cavanaugh's confirmation and that they
opposed him by a 10-point margin just in
the last few days this poll like other
recent polls did also find an increase
in Republican enthusiasm for Cavanaugh
but it's worth remembering that
increased Republican enthusiasm has not
always been a silver bullet in the
current climate after Alabama Republican
Senate nominee Roy Moore was accused of
sexual misconduct in the middle of his
Senate race polls show that Republicans
stood by him as partisans rallied around
a candidate they saw as under attack but
ultimately that was not enough the
backlash to Roy Moore was so strong
Alabama
elected its first Democratic senator in
25 years who incidentally just cast a
vote against Brett Kavanaugh at an
Indiana where Senator Joe Donnelly is
considered one of the Democrats most
endangered incumbents in a state that
went for trump by 19 points in 2016
recent Fox News polling found that
Donnelly's vote against Cavanaugh would
have a negligible impact on his chances
a third of voters in the poll said that
it would make them more likely to vote
for him a third said less likely and a
third said it would make no difference
but the greatest cautionary tale for
Republicans probably remains the fight
over Clarence Thomas that night in
October 1991 the freshly confirmed
Clarence Thomas told the nation it was
time to put the fight behind them but a
year later an unprecedented number of
women were elected to Congress many of
them inspired to run for office by the
shabby treatment of Anita Hill and the
elevation of Thomas to the High Court
despite her allegations
and this year of course there are more
women running for Congress than ever in
American history and a new Washington
Post survey of 69 battleground districts
in this year's midterms finds the
Democrats have a narrow edge in the race
to control the house thanks to a nearly
20 points swing in those districts from
preferring Republican candidates to
preferring Democrats and joining me now
is Scott Clement polling director for
The Washington Post the pollster who
conducted that survey mr. Clement really
appreciate your time tonight certainly
good to be here so let's talk about
first of all how you chose the districts
that wound up in this poll sure so we
started off with the districts that the
cook Political Report rates is toss-up
or leaning Republican or leaning
Democrat at the beginning of the fall
campaign so in late August and we also
had some additional districts that post
political staff identified as
potentially competitive we do a random
sample of voters in those districts and
ended up interviewing more than 2600
likely voters and so according to the
write-up of your poll of the sixty nine
districts included in your survey 63 or
held by Republicans just six are held by
Democrats trump card 48 of those
districts Hillary Clinton carried the
other 21 likely voters are split in the
Trump one districts 48 for the Democrat
47 for the Republican and in the
districts carried by Clinton Democrats
have a clear advantage 5343 can you just
quantify us how dramatic of a swing is
that overall well it's substantial I
mean it shows that likely voters at this
stage in the campaign are looking at the
congressional candidates in a different
way than they were two years ago and you
know a big factor in that is Trump's
approval rating
most of these are Republican held
districts so Trump's approval rating is
a few percentage points higher than it
is nationwide but it's still underwater
so you have a slight majority who
disapprove of the president's job
performance and that means that it's
going to be a struggle for some of these
candidates to outrun that we saw this
with Barack Obama in 2014
very few Senate candidates could get too
far above his job approval rating in the
state and that makes them a liability
and I'm looking just at the you know
some of the states where these districts
are located it states like Arizona
California lots in California Colorado
Florida
is the challenge Republicans going to
face that some of these are states like
California or Republicans are already
pretty endangered and states like
Colorado that seemed to be going more
bluish purple than reddish purple is
that a challenge or is it more the
president's approval rating well it's a
little bit a little bit of column a and
a little bit of column B particularly in
the districts that Clinton won in 2016
those are the districts where
Republicans tend to be most endangered
because they were already places where
there was a lot of split ticket voting
voters voting for Hillary Clinton for
president and then voting for the
Republican candidate for Congress
it's the larger chunk of those districts
that Trump won where handicappers like
cook Political Report think are
competitive where the race is nearly
even in our survey and that means that a
number of those candidates are going to
be endangered and were you able to
quantify sort of what was driving this
shift toward the Democrats is it
national politics or or or these really
issues of things like health care
because we knew those kinds of issues
were important to voters before this
Cavanagh nomination well voters said a
lot of issues were really important to
them health care ranked highly so did
Supreme Court appointments no surprise
given the timing the poll was conducted
but when we ask people to choose between
those issues and also the importance of
President Trump Trump's stood out as the
single most important issue really issue
or item there a reason for their
congressional vote and this was
particularly true among Democrats so 40%
of Democrats and democratic-leaning
independent voters said the Trump was
the single most important issue in their
vote that compares to roughly 15% of
Republicans who said the same
interesting so a check on the president
being an important issue these voters
Scott Clement Washington Post polling
director I always love talking polls
thank you very much for being here
tonight sure thing
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
