political reports the president has been
Groppi griping groping griping to
associates that Rudy Guiliani has failed
the shutdown the stormy Daniels
hush-money Saget that's according to
White House aides the report adds that
the president has expressed frustration
the Giuliani's media appearances are
raising more questions than they were
answering aides quote expect the
president fired Giuliani if his behavior
doesn't change from where I'm from by
Sam Stein politics that are at The Daily
Beast an MSNBC News Katrina and Mimi
Roca who's a former federal prosecutor I
gotta go to Mimi on this just start what
is Rudy up to is he up to something that
where is it easy clever like a fox
why would that why did he say there may
have been other cases where there was
coverup money paid hush money paid to
women to cover up relations they had
with this president why'd he do that
well I think the strategy is this he's
trying to say that there's a slush fund
of money that Trump you know gave to
Kohinoor authorized to Cohen and Cohn
used it to deal with problems as they
came up including you know women
problems and that would give Trump some
deniability about knowing what the
payment was for so I know I know you
have this money I know you use it to
deal with problems but I don't know
exactly what kind of problems and I
don't know if it really was during the
campaign so he's trying to distance
Trump from that payment the problem with
that is first of all you know as we know
politically and to the public the story
keeps changing it looks really bad
there's a credibility problem but also
under the law there's a saying that you
can't stick your head in the sand and
therefore you know be free of whatever
crime you're being charged with
he can't just say I didn't know what was
going on you know I closed my eyes stuck
my head in the sand here it's it's
really plausible that he did know what
was going on
either in this individual payment or in
multiple payments well if he always paid
off women for past relationships as a
norman MO as they say in power in the
law visit does that deny the fact that
he did it in this case because he's
facing the election before the American
people the next week
does it some hey if he just says I do
this all the time it's not
do an election Sam and me about the
public and the public if you like Trump
40 some percent would say yeah he always
does this he's had affairs with women
for you always does pay you off these
bouquet
sure I mean they it's a Queen sacrifice
let's grant them this there is an
amazing there is a logical hole here
though okay that no one is pointing out
how does Michael Kohn know who to pay at
some point Trump has to say please take
care of well they said they thread them
so everyone who comes with the threat
gets paid that's a stupid system that
makes no sense logically obviously at
some point in their weird concocted
excuse Michael Cohen has to be
approached by Trump Trump hostage Stoica
Cohen hey just go up and say give me 50
K well and if that's the case then this
is very nice Martin that means make your
bank so let me just say this Rudy went
out and said essentially I spoke first
and found out the facts later sometimes
you have to step back and wonder what's
going on here he literally amended he
spoke maybe he's also here talking about
a gentleman here well maybe a
gentleman's too nice to word president
Trump who is notorious at not paying
bills he just likes to no delay the
payment as long as possible maybe get
out of paying them they can just move on
to other people to do business with
different other people
another vendors so in this case why
would he ready to check for $130,000
authorized that so easily without even a
conversation in fact even say yes he
claims he never said yes pay the pay the
woman in question stormy day and that
and that's the kind of evidence that
prosecutors and investigators are
looking for right now and may may
already have if it exists you know
through the search of Cohen's office
they're looking for communications and
other kinds of documentation that show
that despite what Trump says now he did
indeed know and also if what Giuliani is
saying and it's a big if is correct that
there were other payments to other women
where that money come from
right because Cohen now we've heard some
conflicting stories but Cohen said he
took the 130,000 took a home finance
loan which you know I I don't know if
that's going to turn out to be accurate
or not and there may be some possibility
of fraud in that loan if you say I've
heard people going to the Superbowl and
home finance money I mean
really be a punishable crime is it the
people actually go to jail because they
used money to go to a Superbowl that
they were supposed to use to fix the
garage yeah not not standing alone but
you know standing alone meaning if that
was the only thing he did but if it's
part of a bigger scheme and you lie on a
you know loan application and the point
is that if there are lots of other women
being paid where is that money coming
from I mean as you say women I've
watched politics for so many decades and
I've never really I know you're supposed
to obey the finance rules and you should
but I never heard of being treated as
felonies now how does it become a felony
because he didn't record properly the
payment because it was actually a
campaign payment I saw it AdWords it's
the jury couldn't decide that we get
these cases I just isn't there isn't a
reasonable doubt there that it was not
really for the campaign you can find one
out of 12 jurors listening that is what
they're that Giuliani's point is
essentially he had nothing to do the
campaign it was about protecting the
reputation of the family it was about
making sure that Melania wasn't hurt yes
that is defied by this notion of both
the timing of when it happened the fact
that was so far removed from when the
actual affairs own place allegedly and
also the fact that there's a slush fund
involving other women I mean these two
things can't possibly coexist Trump
could not Trump had to have known that a
payment was being made she will not how
would stormy Daniels have known to go to
Michael Cohen say this happened five
years ago I'm now coming out I know
Trump has no involvement of this no
knowledge this but I know that you
control the slush fund and therefore you
make a strong point out on Dershowitz
who has formerly infinitely been
counseling the president was asked about
the mayor's strategy on Sunday that's
yesterday this moving fest
here's what Durst would said is this
legal strategy that mr. Giuliani is
pursuing here is this been well thought
out over the last few days no I don't
think so I think this was a very bad
week for the Trump team why don't we ask
one lawyer the other lawyer is how well
the other lawyer is I'm telling you I'm
sorry maybe I'd take that with a grain
of salt I think if he were the lawyer
defending it
be very good at it your thoughts his
Trump Cuddy what's the worst thing you
could have the Donald Trump and this
whole stormy Daniels mess he's
embarrassed not really because they keep
getting he keeps getting Mulligan's from
the cultural right the religious right
in this country and Republicans
generally they don't even seem to mind
to say this happens all the time with
him
that doesn't seem to hurt them it hurt
him politically so what's the legal
threat to this president that might
cause him to be indicted or face
impeachment or what or is it just a
malarkey just stuff and it's gonna be a
problem for Michael Cohen he's going
away for 20 years but not the president
well what's interesting Chris is part of
why Giuliani came out and their story
keeps changing is in reaction to Michael
Cohen also having come out a little bit
and said you know this is the Giuliani's
messing this up he doesn't have this
right and then Trump came out and said
okay we're you know Giuliani doesn't
have a right we're gonna fix this so I
think they are running scared from
Michael Cohen because he knows the truth
he's the other person in this whole
scenario who knows the truth and that's
who may be prosecutors are going to talk
to and they're digging through the
evidence and look we don't know all the
crimes right now because we don't know
all the evidence but it does look like
there's potential criminal some kind of
campaign finance there's potential bank
fraud I think we don't know yet what
about Trump you think Trump might be
guilty of something here in this case
well it's going to really depend on his
level of knowledge and that will come
from either Michael Cohen talking and or
through communications and investigators
get in that search I will say that the
Southern District of New York in the
brief that they filed in response to the
TR o that Cohen filed there was a whole
section to round out a temporary
restraining order sorry back in the
Cohen case the Southern District filed a
brief and there was a whole section that
was blacked out about why they were able
to get a search warrant
yeah that's right that's gonna be yeah
that's gonna do story troopers they were
doing their job if so they had they had
a warrant to go there hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
