now is Republican strategist Josh Holmes
he's a former chief of staff and
campaign manager for Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell who Blankenship
has been attacking relentlessly on the
campaign trail Josh welcome thanks Kenny
how worried are you that Blankenship's
gonna win tomorrow well I mean I think
any Republican should be worried that
he's even in the conversation right I
mean we've got two really well-qualified
candidates with Devin Jenkins and
Patrick Morrissey who take that race
from a mid tier target to the top of the
line if they get through this primary
that the problem of course is Don
Blankenship who not only makes it more
challenging probably makes it impossible
for Republicans to compete in November
in a seat that quite honestly is really
critical to keeping the majority in 2018
as Donald Trump's lack of endorsement is
his tweet today saying to West Virginia
voters don't vote for Blankenship is it
gonna matter I think it does matter I
mean what are we speaking to there is
his base in his base are the people who
are gonna be voting tomorrow I mean he
said that about Roy more and more and
more didn't matter I mean he's still won
the primary he sure does I think the
difference is you now have a body of
evidence we saw what happened with Roy
Moore the president right rightfully
warned Alabama voters that Roy Moore
couldn't win a general election even in
the deepest red state in the Union and
in the end he was absolutely right he
couldn't win he got he he was beaten
soundly and he should have been he was a
terrible candidate who was not fitting
for the Republican brand and we have a
similar situation in West Virginia so I
think voters are more likely to respond
to the president's tweet here than they
were just six seven months ago Moore was
the candidate that the primary voters
wanted in that state in Alabama because
he was somebody who was portraying
himself as as the Donald Trump of
Alabama a very Trumpy sort of candidate
willing to say and do whatever he needed
to do to win he pulled a gun out on
stage Blankenship is doing very much the
same thing he's running against a swamp
he's saying he's even Trump e'er than
Donald Trump that was his response to
Donald Trump's tweet today and he's
going after your former boss Mitch
McConnell hard and in very personal
terms much in the same way that the
president when he was the candidate went
after I don't know people like Ted Cruz
or other candidates that were running
against him
bush well look I think the president's
situation and the situation with Don
Blankenship are entirely divorced I mean
the president certainly never engaged in
abject racism involving Asian Americans
or African American he involved in where
he was engaged in racism when it comes
to Mexicans and comes to Muslims you
really totally did look I think this
primary is demonstrating a couple of
things and I and I think when we're
looking at it at a candidate like Don
Blankenship this is somebody who not
only is objectionable in terms of his
language and whether it's appropriate in
this century let alone you know ever he
also somebody who presided over a mine
that killed 29 miners and and I think
even more concerning than the fact that
he doesn't want to take blame for it is
the fact that he just sort of
nonchalantly addresses this issue every
time it came up I mean this is this is a
big issue in West Virginia it's
something that that honestly I think
should have been a bigger deal than what
Republican leader that he's attacking he
knows Don Blankenship knows how to get
the attention of the national media and
he knows by attacking Mitch McConnell
and his family that people are gonna pay
attention to it but he's also running
ads on jobs and everything else and
trying to distract from who he is and
who he has been which you know if he's
effectively done because he's in the
conversation we are all just hopeful he
doesn't win you think that the rhetoric
that Blankenship Lincoln ship is using
is is different than the rhetoric Donald
Trump used Katie he's calling people
China people I mean this is not somebody
who said Mexico sending rapists over the
border the Muslims are trying to kill
you and he wants to keep them all out
well I understand what you're suggesting
here is that there's a father we might
have been involved in the assassination
of JFK yeah no I look you can run down
the litany I get it I know I was wrong
in Paris II you want to draw a
comparison there is actually no
comparison to from Donald Trump to a guy
here who has presided over a mine that
killed 29 miners a guy out of nowhere
out of nowhere starts attacking this the
sitting secretary of the Transportation
for being a quote-unquote China person
which is of course just completely out
of the realm of of anything that's
decent in today's
the reason I bring it up is Tim Miller
former spokesperson for Jeb Bush tweeted
this today people in politics think
Trump half-heartedly endorsing strange
dinging blankenship matter because they
have deluded themselves about Trump and
the base Trump unleashed a noxious
hateful monster and the voters who liked
it can Smith who is who is his real heir
endorsement or not yeah look I know Tim
Tims a good friend but he certainly has
a extremely significant opinion about
this president that I don't share and I
imagine that most Republican voters
don't share but I think that when we're
talking about don blankenship we're
talking about something that's entirely
different something that we saw manifest
itself in Alabama just six months ago
and which lost a should have been put
away win for Republicans in that
election and so I think that the
majority is very much in peril here if
we nominate people like Don Blankenship
and frankly I think the president is on
the right side of history by supporting
the other two candidates so you don't
think the president helped create a
situation where Blankenship has a viable
candidate
honestly kid if you look at this the the
the history of Republican primaries pre
this pre data this issue predated the
president by six or seven years I mean
this is something that we dealt with
member Christine O'Donnell yeah in 2010
or Sharron Angle in 2010 or Todd akin or
Richard Murdoch I mean certainly the
president is responsible for people that
came through four or five or six years
before his presidency which is again
it's coming up again and this in this
primary and it's unfortunate Josh final
question car host of the New York Times
tweeted that he knows from a number of
sources I know you're laughing think you
know what's coming because that Mitch
McConnell is answering the phone cocaine
Mitch as I presume a joke because
Blankenship accused him of that is he
doing that well I you know I don't know
he's doing it or not but I could tell
you that he's got a better sense of
humor than most people would think and
so when surprised me it's not out of the
realm of possibility that's certainly
not a tendency of finding humor in the
dark places John Holmes Josh thank you
so thank you appreciate it
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet to
press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
