walk me through what the President and
Rudy Giuliani's game plan is here
because it's naive of us to say they're
just making a mess they don't know what
they're doing they know what they're
doing really John Giuliani is the former
mayor of New York City and Donald Trump
like him or not
is the president of the United States
that's that's all true and I agree that
it would be foolish just to say they're
clowns and they don't know what they're
doing at the same time I'm not sure that
they're executing their plan in exactly
the way they would have hoped so what do
I mean by that so there was a one of
your comments before was they needed to
get a head of the Southern District
investigation so they clearly believe
that there are some facts known to the
prosecutors in the Southern District
that will in the fullness of time come
out they've obtained documents from
Michael Cohen's office and they believe
in light of this that in the long term
it's not sustainable for President Trump
to say I had no idea about the the
payments Giuliani continues to say we're
working on facts I don't understand how
a fact is worked on a defense has worked
on coming up with a story's worked on
but a fact is a fact that's right and
the facts at this point are a mess
because there have been so many
different renditions of the story about
he knew he knew eventually it had
something to do with Kemp the campaign
it didn't have much to do with the
campaign it keeps going back and forth
that I think at this point it's hard
really for anyone watching this to say
with confidence this is what happened
and I can say this based on the
president's statement say this all of
this a bait-and-switch
Rudy Giuliani did not need to go on TV
and talk about any of this chaos he
chose to so what we say he's stepping in
it Robert is he Rudy Giuliani is leading
this narrative he wants to talk about
this no he definitely does and I think
as we just talked about I think one of
the things they're actually trying to
intentionally do is muddy the waters and
confuse and cloud the issues a lot of
what they're talking about in the
campaign finance part of the case
whether it's personal funds or funds
from a lawyer whether there's different
things that the president's are saying
which is contradicting earlier
statements
I think this is all really part of
probably a well orchestrated plan to
cloud and muddy the waters when it comes
to these investigations they're also
pushing this narrative Robert that this
is a phony witch-hunt and they're going
on and on saying this has gone long
enough and they're putting pressure
saying that Muller is up to no good but
Matthew Dowd pointed it out yesterday
the Benghazi investigation took four
years no indictments Hillary Clinton's
email investigation two years no
indictments this investigation has taken
14 15 months and there's 21 indictments
yet the president is getting traction if
you pull people around the country
they'd say yes this investigation is
taking forever it's not by comparison
well no not at all and matter of fact I
think because some of the questions
potentially were leaked the other day
that Bob Mulder and his team are looking
at potentially actually questioning the
President on depending on the legal side
of this plays out I think it shows you
how close they are towards the end of
this thing usually any long-term
sophisticated operation or investigation
like this you're never going to talk to
the individual to the very end of it
when you have all the answers so from my
side I think they're closer to the end
and people realize you me take us inside
the White House Rudy Giuliani nobody's
happier to be in front of the mic than
he is the president is happy with what
Rudy is doing for him but last Thursday
Friday humiliating for the White House
specifically Sarah Huckabee Sanders
their heads are spinning with all this
take us inside what's going on there and
are those people gonna stay in their
jobs remember they may not like what's
going on but they're choosing to
voluntarily go to work every day and
Sarah has proven that she gets up there
at the podium destroying her own
credibility by lying well I'll say two
things the first is that I remember
calling up a because several White House
officials when Rudy Giuliani started
talking about the fact that the
president reimbursed Michael Cohen and I
asked them did did you
does the president happy with the way
that this is going is the president
happy that he now has to clarify and
there all these things and my
understanding is that the president
still very much happy with the way that
Rudy Giuliani is doing his job he
brought him in not as
illegal mine too to really head up the
case but really as a league as a
spokesperson to talk about in media to
go through all these different
interviews and what's really important
is that Rudy Giuliani was brought in to
deal with Muller and one of the first
things that you started talking about
was the stormy Daniels payment which has
nothing to do with Mahler on the surface
the second thing I'll say is that as of
now Sarah Sanders is what was blindsided
of course by all of it that Rudy
Giuliani was talking about but there are
two ways to look at it the first way is
that of course the White House
communications office is completely out
of the loop
Sarah Sanders could be maybe upset or at
least embarrassed by the fact that she's
having to answer questions about things
that she doesn't know the answer to
because she's not really being told the
facts the second question the second way
to look at this though is that the that
Rudy Giuliani is not supposed to be
talking to the White House
communications staff that they're
supposed to be two separate entities
that they're supposed to be his personal
lawyer there he's not a Rudy Giuliani
does not work for the White House so in
some ways you could say okay well Sarah
Sanders is being kept out of this whole
fiasco to kind of in some ways to
insulate the White House from what might
be coming or what might happen with the
payments to stormy Daniels and camping
in violation investigations and other
things so there's a way to look at it as
though Sarah Sanders is purposely being
kept out for the good of the White House
oh heavens
Harry Giuliani says the president does
not have to comply with a subpoena
citing other presidents but other
presidents who have been served with a
subpoena have either eventually given up
the information or resigned that's right
and the two cases that are most relevant
here is one involves President Nixon who
was given a grand jury subpoena for
documents namely the tapes and the
Supreme Court said no president is above
the law he had to turn over the tapes in
a civil case brought against President
Clinton in 1990s in the Jones V Clinton
case supreme court there said president
can't avoid sitting for a deposition so
while it's true that the specific
question of can you be compelled to sit
and give testimony and grand jury has
never been answered by the supreme court
these other precedents give us a pretty
good indication that the mother team has
a very good job of enforcing it now the
catch is this this will take a long time
and if Muller wants to finish his
investigation before the elections as we
saw some reporting the
morning that he doesn't want to be
announcing major investigative steps in
a way that would influence the midterms
it's going to be hard to get this
resolved with the Supreme Court during
that time period Robert does Muller have
a lot of time that judge on Friday in
Virginia who was overseeing palmata
Ford's case he had some pretty tough
rhetoric not from metaphor but from
Muller and his team there's no doubt and
I've personally been before that judge
many times over the years and I think he
was laying down some ground rules to let
him know hey listen this isn't an
open-ended scorecard I'm gonna keep you
on track and keep you looking down the
road where you need to be and not strain
off to one side or the other
investigation I do think though towards
what we've been talking about here a few
minutes ago I do think he'll be very
cognizant of the midterm elections there
is extreme guidelines around this
regarding DOJ and FBI procedures so I
think whatever's going to happen is it
going to happen way before those
elections or be held off until
afterwards well the midterms are coming
soon you know the president you Miche
has been one to not necessarily stand by
his word but it was stunning to me that
Rudy Giuliani is sort of opening the
door that Trump could plead the fifth
let's take a look at what he has said in
the past about doing just that he
pleaded the fifth a very wait what are
we gonna do with this guy what happened
he pleaded the fifth right he pleaded
the fifth where is he Fifth Amendment
Fifth Amendment Fifth Amendment horrible
horrible pleading the Fifth Amendment in
front of Congress you saw that today
yesterday Fifth Amendment when you have
your staff taking the Fifth Amendment
taking the fifth so they're not
prosecuted taking the Fifth Amendment
how about that you see the mob takes if
it if you're innocent why you taking the
Fifth Amendment I hear that I agree with
that mr. president now that the door has
been opened
you Miche by Rudy Giuliani how on earth
is the White House going to handle that
question because I
No they're going to be asked that in the
press briefing room well there's one
thing one rudy giuliani has been
speculating about all sorts of things so
I think we should all take with a grain
of salt whether or not he's he
understands or will or no it's whether
or not the president is actually gonna
do that but if the president actually
does take the fifth in some ways the
president has shown that he can go back
on its word he didn't change his story
he can do all that he wants to do and
still remains Teflon he said that on the
campaign trail that he was that he could
basically do almost anything and he's
right he'll stick with him
and he's probably right and it's and
he's got he's got into the White House
by doing this so to me as a reporter he
just does what he does and then if its
supporters back him up and they continue
to back up all right then quickly his
supporters go nowhere there's no
political consequence herright legal
consequence he pleads the fifth no big
deal well here if he pleads the fifth
the government then has a choice even
someone who asserts the fifth can be
compelled to speak if the government's
willing to immunize them in other words
to say that whatever President Trump
says won't be used in a prosecution
against him but could be used in a
prosecution against others and so
there's the question then of will the
Muller team seek to immunize him in
order to pursue other investigative
leads or will they simply allow the the
invocation to stand and then move on and
finish their investigation
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
