so let's take a look at the tape let's
listen to what the president told us to
do it was just over a month ago April
5th when the president denied knowing
anything about Michael Cohen's payment
to stormy Daniels or where the funds
came from after reports Cohen had
complained about not being reimbursed
we have to ask Michael Kohn Michael's my
attorney and you'll have to ask Michael
Kahn
that explanation stood for about 27 days
until newly hired lawyer and longtime
friend of the president Rudy Giuliani he
went on a media blitz beginning last
Wednesday night to May 2nd when he told
Sean Hannity
Cohen had been paid back by the
president that money was not campaign
money sorry I'm giving you a fact now
that you don't know it's not campaign
money no campaign finance violation so
they funneled it through the law firm
funnel law firm and the president repaid
it the next morning May third trying to
smooth things over he doubled down on
the president's repayment then even gave
the money a campaign connection he was
definitely reimbursed there's no doubt
about it
imagine if that came out on October 15th
2016 a little of the you know last
debate with Hillary Clinton making it go
away
they they made this hole he didn't even
ask Cohen did Cohen made it go away he
did his job in the middle of the last
debate remember that debate where the
Trump team brought Bill Clinton's
accusers the irony later that same day
press secretary Sarah Sanders backed off
Giuliani's narrative and what she said
earlier five when did you specifically
know that the president repaid mr. Cohen
for the $130,000 you personally the
first awareness I had was during the
interview last night on Friday morning
May 4th the president was asked about
the changing stories telling us take a
look at what he said adding to the
record Saturday night Giuliani again
went on Fox News again implying campaign
connections even if it was for campaign
purposes if it was to save his family to
save embarrassment it's not a campaign
donation then yesterday morning he
flipped that rationale still making the
campaign connection even if it was
considered a campaign contribution it
was entirely reimbursed out of personal
funds so the President did know about
this after the campaign I can't say that
I mean I at some point yes but it could
have been recently it could have been a
while back those are the facts that
we're still working on all of this a
dark day for the country last night in a
phone
interview Giuliani said he revealed the
president's repayment of Cohen to get
ahead of the special counsel in Southern
District of New York where he will be
and what he'll say today only Rudy knows
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
