filled to you I want to share what
Giuliani told your paper The Washington
Post quote we all feel pretty good that
we've got everything kind of
straightened out and we're setting the
agenda everybody's reacting to us now
and I feel good about that because that
is what I came to do what exactly do you
believe Rudy Giuliani's goals are
because I spoke to people inside the
White House over the weekend who said
Sarah Huckabee Sanders and the
communications staff are embarrassed and
devastated yeah well what Rudy Giuliani
is doing is he's very much acting as a
rogue agent in coordination with the
president the two of them are discussing
these talking points discussing this
strategy of being out in the media all
day every day for a week on end but
they're not coordinating at all with the
White House staff the the you know
people in charge of communications at
the White House have literally no idea
what Rudy Giuliani is going to say at
any given moment he keeps changing his
story he keeps introducing new
information like yesterday when he
suggested that there could possibly be
additional hush money payments to
additional women and described $130,000
to stormy Daniels is sort of normal in
this sort of a circumstance and and it's
troubling inside the White House because
they have really serious issues they're
trying to talk about they're trying to
deal with North Korea they have a big
decision coming up that the president's
gonna have to make on the Iran deal and
all sorts of other concerns they've got
an embattled CIA nominee in Jena Haspel
who's going to have to face a
confirmation hearing this week and this
is really a distraction from the
president's at least governing agenda
although clearly he has another agenda
to which is dealing with what he calls
the witch-hunt
all right well it might not be working
for the communication staff in the White
House but Giuliani seems to think it's
working Caitlin I want to play more of
what he said on ABC and see if you can
follow you said Cohen met with Trump and
told him and Giuliani said that will
cover your expenses they worked at this
$35,000 a month retainer after that so
so the President did know about this
after the campaign I can't say that I
mean I at some point yes but it could
have been recently it could have been a
while back those are the facts that
we're still working on and that
maybe in a little bit of dispute this is
more rumor than it is anything else you
said that to BuzzFeed but here's the
yeah I mean that's that's one of the
possibilities and one of the rumors the
reality is you stated it as fact well
maybe I did but I was right now I'm at
the point where I'm learning and I can
only I can't prove that I can just say
it's rumor I could prove its rumor but I
can't prove its fact he's learning Rudy
Giuliani has said he's focused on the
law and conclusions but not facts I'm
confused by that but is it working for
him I'm confused by a - and the
president even said which was a stunning
admission on Friday that oh how could
his facts straight later on so you have
the lawyer for the president out there
giving interview after interview after
interview showing no signs of stopping
his plan to talk to the press if his aim
is to one fight this Muller
investigation head on and close some of
the questions surrounding this payment
every time he does an interview he opens
up more potential legal liability for
the president and more political
problems of course remember he
introduced the the stormy Daniels bit of
this in that first interview with Fox on
Sean Hannity saying that this wasn't a
campaign violation and subsequent
interviews he's kind of muddied the
waters on this so if this is a goal it's
really difficult to see what steps
they're to getting out of this moving
this forward when there just are more
questions after this or is it working
because the media is obviously following
every word he says and every lied that
you seem to find them in yet the average
American out there are confused by all
of this is there is there a chance that
Rudy is successful that your average
voter who just wants their life to be
better is saying this is so confusing
call me when somebody gets indicted well
I'm guessing yes we know there's been
quite a few of those right I think that
what Rudy is trying to do is to protect
Trump from the bigger story the bigger
that the story really is it stormy
Daniels and whether or not somebody has
committed
campaign-finance fun right that's not
the deal the deal is this investigation
started with Muller and collusion with
Russia we can probably take a big guess
that this thing is going in a whole
different direction and focusing
probably on Trump's business practices
before he even took office all right so
you know looking at a lot of the
characters and I'm calling them
characters that are around Trump
you've got Roger stone it's character
one you've got mana for character too
you've got a lot of people that are
already getting in trouble for their
business and they're lying in their
stuff but then there's trunk right here
and he's protected by you know because
he's president so there are certain
protections in place I think what Rudy
Giuliani is doing is coming out and
saying okay here's what this is here's
what this is this is a campaign election
law trying to shut down the main
argument well everybody's you know
concerned about stormy Daniels there's a
much bigger deal CY okay that much
bigger deal they don't want you know
transmog out there saying I I'm fine to
go with Muller I'm good to go with Mel
I'll question all day long Trump's like
oh hell no I mean Giuliani was like oh
hell no you don't need to go before
Muller because let me tell you what's
going to happen they're gonna start
asking you questions on your business
dealings and you don't want to go there
and so I think that you've got
conflicting information you've got Trump
out there with his base he's like yeah I
know I'm not fearing Muller and you've
got Rudy going you need to feel her
Muller and so we're gonna go out here
we're gonna talk stormy Daniels campaign
violation law and that's why it's
loosey-goosey and you got Emmett flood
working behind the scenes and I'm
guessing around the clock phil jonathan
turley wrote an op-ed in the USA Today
says Giuliani may have made Mulder's
obstruction case in relation to stormy
Daniels not Jim Comey quote if the
president was involved in sending out a
false public account by both his private
counsel and White House staff it could
be treated as a potential criminal
matter likewise any evidence that Cohen
was warned or in any way protected by
government officials before the raids
could prove incriminating it's pretty
clear now that the president lied or had
his staff lie again
is this the cover-up that could be
bigger than the real problem or -
Noelle's point we're all just getting
confused looking at this campaign
finance issues when Muller is working on
much bigger stuff yeah that's right
stuff it's a problem and look it's not
the first time the president's lied the
Washington Post fact checker checker has
counted more than three thousand
instances of lying or false statements
since he took office but this in
particular instance is a problem because
it points to some sort of motive to
cover up what had happened to cover up
that payment we're starting to hear more
of the truth now I think what Rudy
Giuliani is trying to do frankly is is
create a lot of noise that muddies the
water that that helps you know galvanize
these Trump supporters to oppose the
Muller investigation that that makes
people look at in a different direction
when we know Muller is digging in on
issues like obstruction of justice which
is a very real threat to the president
given all of his actions in office to
try to thwart this Russia investigation
Caitlin you wrote that this all could
help Republicans in the midterms why
well it's interesting we have two big
primaries tomorrow in West Virginia and
Indiana and all of the candidates in
those Republican primaries are using the
similar language that Trump uses to
describe this whole mulher probe they're
calling it a witch hunt they're telling
voters that look the this has become
beep bigger than its original mandate
this is becoming voters are feeling on
the Republican side at least that this
is an attack on them and what they voted
for and they see this the way the
President sees this and you see in
polling that attitudes towards mulher
among Republicans have become
increasingly negative and you've also
seen some of that among independents a
little bit - and a tiny dip but a dip
nonetheless in the broader public's view
of this investigation so strategists
I've been talking to are saying look
this does have the potential the longer
that it drags out for people to say look
you know I I want to focus on the
economy myself I want to focus on you
know my bottom line and what I'm doing
every day and this is just becoming
something bigger than we can understand
or that's relatable to our lives so that
is just something to watch for at this
point we don't know exactly how
but no well it's become bigger
potentially because there's a lot of
dirty business that has to get dug into
so why is it that that it's just hurting
Bob Muller and not necessarily the
president well because it's forcing you
know much to your point it's actually
forcing a lot of Republicans to take up
for the president and be on his team be
soldiers
in this army against them but it but it
also forces a Democrat to adopt the
narrative of you know impeachment
impeachment impeachment that's now
become there a lot of their narrative
where the Republicans when you look at
what the Republican Party keeps putting
out it's the economy the economy the
economy so you've got the Republicans
talking about the economy look at this
look at that how wonderful there's a tax
cut or working corporate tax have mobile
wall it was great and you've got the
Democrats focusing on this old narrative
of impeach Trump much like the
Republicans focused focused on a
narrative of you know Obama is a
horrible person and a bad met president
so we just switch to narratives in this
election
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
