welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios a.m.
national political reporter for Axios
Jonathan Swan Jonathan good morning to
you happy Monday talk to us about Axios
is one big thing this morning White
House stuff that we're talking to do not
believe Rudy Giuliani's reign as Trump's
TV lawyer is sustainable he he it's not
only that he's doing cleanup on his own
cleanup on his own cleanup on the legal
side of things but he's also continuing
to make pronouncements on policy with
which he has no actual involvement or
knowledge so firstly it was the North
Korea and now when he said you know made
a announcement about hostages before the
White House or the Trump administration
was ready to make that announcement
that's very high stakes situation when
you're dealing with Americans imprisoned
in North Korea and then he made another
one over the weekend about Iranian Iraq
regime change I spoke to a White House
official and it's just widespread very
concern inside the building yeah and to
that point Jonathan I wanted to ask you
I've heard some monastics suggest that
Rudy Giuliani has been hired to be kind
of a media lawyer to be out there being
the public face of the president's legal
fight against the special counsel Bob
Bob Muller not necessarily the courtroom
lawyer which is for somebody like I'm at
flood what do you make of that
distinction is that something that is
actually playing out or is Giuliani
expected to be the man leading the fight
against special counsel Bob Muller no
that's 100% true
I mean people people who have said I've
heard people say on television that that
they're profoundly changed their
strategy they haven't their legal
strategy is much the same it's their
political strategy has changed rule is
Rudy's job is to is to muddy the waters
and to attack Mahler and discredit the
whole investigation but the problem is
he's doing a bad job of it that's the
problem I know that you have some
reporting from inside the White House
Jonathan that suggests that people are
comparing Giuliani to scare Moochie he
only lasted about 11 days I believe
inside the White House's White House
communications director what are you
hearing on this comparison that people
are making well it's more than they're
comparing him it's it's the experience
of being a senior White House staffer
and watching it unfold on TV like a
spectator not having any clue you're
white you're Sarah Sanders the White
House press secretary and you're
literally watching it unfold on TV no I
have no earthly idea what he's gonna say
next
and I'm gonna have to deal with it today
at my briefing yeah you really got that
sense on Friday when Sarah Huckabee
Sanders did not know what Giuliani was
saying especially about making that
payment a stormy Daniels is Republic
let's talk about some other things that
you've got reporting on and this has to
deal with tomorrow's West Virginia's
Senate primary and the real concerns
Republicans are having in that state
what exactly are they worried about with
dan blankenship so Don Blankenship coal
Baron who's run a demagogic campaign
racist campaign he's been attacking
Mitch McConnell's wife her Chinese
heritage look I'm talking to sources who
are involved in some of the his
opponents or in the Republican
infrastructure the polling shows he is
surging towards the end and could
actually and could actually win the
primary this is a potentially another
Roy Moore situation where you have a
very very damaged Republican leading
into the election against joe Manchin a
very winnable election by the way okay
so I want to switch gears here I know
that our own Carol Lee is guest writing
for you guys I'm what she calls a
defining week for the Trump doctrine
what exactly is she saying why does she
think this is such a big week for the
president well Carol has a great piece
that leads off this morning in acts esam
and she really wraps together all of
these huge foreign policy announcements
that are coming we've got Trump on
Saturday deciding whether he's going to
effectively pull out of the Iran deal
they've got the Jerusalem embassy
opening that's coming up shortly
thereafter which is going to again put
more focus and and heat into the Middle
East and then we've also got we're
probably going to find out the day
location of trumps North Korea meeting
with Kim jong-un so all of this is
happening at once and very very high
stakes issues all coming together high
stakes in the Johnson Swan live for us
in Washington DC we're gonna be reading
access salmon just a little bit in to
all of our viewers out there as well of
course you too can sign up for that
newsletter by going to Axios com alright
that goes for us on this Monday morning
I'm Yasmin Vesuvian alongside Amy
Mohideen Morning Joe starts right now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
