Kanye West must have some power because
you probably saw I doubled my
african-american poll numbers we went
from 11 to 22 in one week Thank You
Donald Trump in his fellow Republicans
are still reveling in the love they're
finally getting from a celebrity whose
fame blossomed in the 21st century
rapper Kanye West but many people are
shaking their heads after Kanye called
400 years of enslavement a choice by
African Americans during a right-wing
rant on TMZ earlier this week the Trump
and Kanye bromance shows no signs of
slowing down with Kanye doubling down on
his manga support and Trump reportedly
looking to host Kanye at the White House
his own version of a beer summit which
Trump at his advisor Cleveland pastor
Daryl Scott reportedly envisioned
including chance the rapper Colin
Kaepernick and other celebrities who
take part in a quote race summit someone
really wants to be around famous people
like President Obama was Daniel Moody
Mills and Sir Michael singleton are back
with me enjoying the table now to
discuss our Turay are our cardiologist
sure a host of the trade show podcast
and we're right rigueur assistant
professor of public policy at Harvard
okay y'all de Merville just to did the
bunk on something that Donald Trump said
he did say that you know his support
among African Americans doubled to 22%
he's quoting a reuters/ipsos poll
apparently that says that his approval
among black men had gone from 11% to 22%
so that's you know and whatever and it's
a methodology for that poll that a 2014
Pew Research study found that it doesn't
necessarily a presenter utley represent
African American so that aside because I
don't feel so this is let's play for
everyone who hasn't been up on this
kanye's slavery sounds like a choice
bite from TMZ and this was on Tuesday
you hear about slavery for 400 years for
400 years that's not like a choice like
he was there for 400 years and it's all
y'all professor Blair Kelly debunked
that very thoroughly but let's
a van Lathan from TMZ responding to
those comments on TMZ Kanye you're
entitled to your opinion you're entitled
to believe whatever you want but there
is fact and real-world real-life
consequence behind everything that you
just said and while you are making music
and being an artist and living the life
that you've earned by being a genius the
rest of us in society have to deal with
these threats to our lives we have to
deal with the marginalization that has
come from the 400 years of slavery that
you said but our people was a choice
frankly I'm disappointed I'm appalled
and brother I am unbelievably hurt by
the fact that you have morphed into
something to me
that's not real turay what is going on
here what it has Kanye morphed into
something or is this just him and we
just didn't notice that this is who he
always has been you know I I don't know
I mean like you know for one thing we've
always thought of Kanye as a genius and
he presents himself as a genius and we
find out he's actually really dumb and
like really does not know a lot of
things about the world I mean I assumed
he was a reader because he said his
mother was a PhD he's always presented
himself as an intelligent person and now
he's sort of bragging about that he does
not read I mean how can you be a free
thinker and not read I mean it's just
this mish-mosh of hurtful right-wing
rhetoric with no actual understanding of
conservatism it's yes yes he's promoting
an album but he's going about it in the
completely wrong way i I can't walk down
the street without people going what is
going on with Kanye is he just promoting
an album say it isn't so and I don't
think he really believes this stuff but
he is saying it you don't think he
believes it let me play on use on
Charlotte Charlamagne tha God on Tuesday
and this is a for those who may not
listen to it will just listen to it he's
a radio host here in New York and this
is what he said because I'm not sure he
doesn't believe it this is Konya talking
about his support for Donald Trump when
he was running it's like I felt
something
it's like the fact that he won it's like
it proves something it proved that
anything is possible in America that
Donald Trump could be president of
America I'm not talking about you know
what he's done since he's been in office
but the fact that he was able to do it
Lee I mean it sounds to me like this is
genuine the Donald Trump is sort of a
stand-in for Kanye West in his own mind
absolutely so I do think that there's
something about the aesthetic of Donald
Trump that Kanye is attracted to deeply
attracted to in that part of his
contrarian nature is you know also
really interested in ideas of celebrity
but I don't think that this idea that
you know of being a free thinker means
trashing black folks in a you know in
the pursuit of upholding white supremacy
so and that's what he's doing so so
there is something else going on there
but it's also very much rooted in kind
of echoing or repeating tradition on the
harshest of right wing talking points
yeah but then connecting it to some kind
of aesthetic about Donald Trump and his
victory yeah and Daniel you know there's
something else it might be remember all
the talk of Kanye 2020 there was like
hashtag Kanye 2020 they sort of did come
from Donald Trump winning and and I mean
you know Kanye obviously has an album
coming out in which he quotes Donald
Trump in it so maybe he's just promoting
it but there also might be that he
shares with Donald Trump this anger at
Barack Obama this sort of resentment of
Barack Obama he seems to share it this
is Kanye talking about being
disappointed by President Obama also to
Charlamagne tha God so Obama it's like
yeah he's like my favorite artists I
want you to support running for office
my god this is dope then when I went on
stage and it would be good if this video
didn't get out but you saw the video we
called you Jacka yeah you know he never
called me to apologize now all of a
sudden Kendrick and Jay and all these
all the people you invite to the White
House like now these yo favor rappers
now and I I gotta follow what these
rappers but you know I'm your favorite
but I'm not safe I mean it feels like a
sense of entitlement have the President
of the United States call him and take
back what you know that he said he's
behaving like an idiot and then wooden
are you like these rappers better
kendrick lamar is this envy of them or a
you know i don't know it feels like a
very trumpian reaction to president
obama
what is so disturbing about Kanye is the
bubble in which she exists him where he
thinks that he is literally the Sun and
everything else revolves he is
terrifying to me that clip it just looks
so sad he is so desperate for attention
for love for connection for significance
and so his idea of saying oh I'm a free
thinker it's it's the he wants to be a
contrarian he wants to seem as if he is
esteemed and thoughtful in some way so
that he can push back against the grain
because guess what Kendrick and J and
chance and all of those people John
Legend his friend they have all assumed
the role of resistance they have all
assumed the role of being warriors for
the resistance of its using their
platform Beyonce this is what's but what
I find interesting about the two of them
Beyonce and Kanye West right now is that
Beyonce has gotten to a place where she
can fully embrace her blackness her
woman√≠s her feminism her ideology in a
way that is advancing our community
right it took her multi-platinum albums
to be able to do that Kanye West however
that space is cramped he feels and he
wants to stand out so let him then go
and embrace the man that no one wants to
stand next to that everyone is literally
running from the White House from and so
he can stand up and be like oh look at
me he thinks I'm importing look at my
hat it was signed he sees me it is I
mean it is so sad like it's it's
terrifying and I want to make sure
Michael in because on the other side of
that there is and you as a Republican
you know as a young black male
Republican you must feel inside of the
party this sort of yearning to have the
gaze of Hollywood of popular culture on
them in a positive way right that there
always is the sense that the culture
despises conservatism or derides
conservative
and so that you're stuck with you know
the Kid Rock's of the world or that
what's-his-name Ted Nugent and that you
can't really get like the popular
current sort of pool kind of world of
celebrity because it's so liberal well
yeah they do have James Woods and you
know Pat and willory you know Chuck will
the real baby but it's like not but you
know but this is the rush of people to
just be giddy after saying we don't want
the culture but then when you have Kanye
on the side of Trump the giddiness that
now is erupting into this idea of having
a summit Darryl Scott who once said that
he could get the gang members to talk to
Trump now says he wants to bring Colin
Kapernick chance the rapper apparently
he's working with Andrew Giuliani Rudy
Giuliani's son who works in the White
House to try to create this summit with
Kanye what do you make of that that
reflected sort of need that you're
seeing among Republicans to have someone
like Ron game personally joy I don't
really care about having so celebrity
like you know celebrity ism if you will
that's that's not important to me I mean
as a conservative and as someone who
really thinks about a lot of things from
a policy perspective in regards to how
they impact African Americans and other
minorities in general I'm more concerned
with trying to figure out a pathway
forward for people who are really
struggling but from a white conservative
a disposition I I guess I understand why
they would like to fill in Bolden from a
quote-unquote celebrity like Kanye West
and I've written about this I've tweeted
about this I personally sort of separate
what I would deem black conservatism
from mainstream conservatism because I
see conservatism through the lenses of
an african-american from my perspective
from my experiences and I think that is
far removed and detached from the
perspective of white conservatism and so
I want to make that clear delineation
between the two now going back to Kanye
I don't think he realizes the fact that
he is being used
I don't think Kanye West has any pistol
more logical understanding of what
conservatism is or even liberalism for
that matter and so as an intellectual
there's no way I can take anything that
he's saying seriously because I don't
think he's taken the necessary amount of
time to become versed on all things both
big and small as relates to either of
the two ideologies so if he wants to go
out there and say ridiculous things that
aren't based off of someone who's well
versed on history
etc then that's his business it's I'm
sorry it's pretty he said that tiny sake
ridiculous things we all know yeah
repeating right-wing rhetoric so you're
suggesting Sir Michael that right-wing
rhetoric difference between black
conservatism and white conservative and
I would wait for the day that the black
right explains to the black left what
they are welcoming us to they love to
say you're on the plantation so you're
criticizing our choice what are you
welcoming us to and what is the racism
in the GOP that you are fighting against
and you want us to join we're gonna have
to go I'm getting the gotta go gotta go
but I would love to have you guys do a
little post show on this maybe we'll get
our social media folks to come out and
do a little so you guys can do more
thoughts
Danielle moody Mill's turay Leah right
rigueur ashore Michael singleton thank
you guys very much and coming up at the
top of the hour new details on how the
midterm elections could impact the molar
probe but up next Paul Ryan versus the
House chaplain stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
