a strangest meeting in history between
president and a Deputy Attorney General
took place today on Air Force one it was
a meeting that President Trump scheduled
specifically to set up a competing
television event on the day that
Christine Blasi Ford presented her
accusations about Brett Kavanaugh to the
Judiciary Committee that's what was
originally scheduled the strategy seemed
to be to try to draw cameras away from
what the White House expected to be a
damaging hearing for Brett Kavanaugh but
there was a genuine sense of urgency
about the meeting the president wanted
to have with Deputy Attorney General Rod
Rosenstein because rod Rothstein was
then publicly struggling to deny a story
in The New York Times saying that early
in the Trump administration rod
Rosenstein discussed trying to assemble
evidence to be used in convincing the
vice president and the cabinet to remove
President Trump from power by using the
process authorized in the 25th amendment
and Rudd Rosenstein in that story was
quoted as being willing to wear a wire
possibly himself to record the president
to gather evidence against the president
speculation was then running high that
the president would use the meeting that
was scheduled for the same time as the
Cavanagh hearing to fire rod Rosenstein
and force TV attention to shift to the
theatrical drama of Rudd Rosenstein
arriving at the White House and then
leaving the White House in perhaps the
president then making a statement about
the firing but the president canceled
that meeting and decided to watch the
hearing on TV like the rest of us the
meeting was rescheduled for today on an
airplane which couldn't be more ironic
because of this Bill Clinton gets into
the back of an airplane for 39 minutes
just prior to a determination being made
but gets on with the Attorney General
because he happened to be in Arizona
playing golf was 110 degrees out right
nobody saw him in the golf course just
happened to be there oh there's the
Attorney General let me get back on the
plane so they spend 39 minutes in the
back of the plane they talked about two
things golf and grandchildren
39 minutes so I give the grandchildren
five minutes I give the golf three
minutes right what else do you think
might have been talked about well you
know the president didn't talk about the
grandchildren today as a candidate for
president Donald Trump and every
Republican considered it an outrage that
a former president of the United States
would meet with a current Attorney
General over whom the former presidents
had absolutely no power and they found
something extra conspiratorial in the
fact that the meeting occurred on an
airplane and the fact that Bill
Clinton's private plane landed in the
same place as the Attorney General's
plane today Donald Trump met on an
airplane with the Deputy Attorney
General who is investigating him
investigating him Ron Rosenstein is the
supervising special prey he's the
supervisor of the special prosecutor of
the supervisor of Robert Mulder's
investigations so Rudra's design is in
effect the highest level working
prosecutor in the Justice Department
he's supervising the prosecutor who's
investigating the President of the
United States so the Justice Department
fish Lou has the ultimate control over
the investigation of the president met
with the president today to try to
convince him that he was not part of a
plot to use the 25th amendment to remove
him from power and that he didn't
suggest the possibility of he himself
wearing a wire to record either demented
or criminal language by the president
that could then be used to convince the
vice president the cabinet to remove the
president from power that is the
strangest meeting that has ever occurred
in the history of the United States of
America between a president and a member
of the Justice Department here's what
reporters got from the president about
that meeting after Air Force one landed
today the press wants to know why did
you talk about
but we had a very good talk I will say
it that became a very big story actually
folks we had a good talk we just had a
very nice talk we actually get along and
a really good talk
yeah I'm not doing anything
so I'm not I don't want to do anything
about that I'm not making any changes
you'd be the first to know I'm not
making any changes they're not making
any changes is when he was asked if he
was firing we're at Rosen Stein or
anyone else in the Justice Department
the president decided today that
defending his campaign and himself
against the charges of colluding with
Russia was not enough it was time to
accuse the Democrats of colluding with
Russia everybody understands there was
no collusion there's no Russia it was
all made up by the Democrats they're the
ones that colluded with Russia the
Democrats colluded with Russia as the
president was telling that lie the New
York Times was reporting new details on
the Muller investigation The Times
reports a top trump campaign official
requested proposals in 2016 from an
Israeli company to create fake online
identities to use social media
manipulation and to gather intelligence
to help defeat Republican primary race
opponents and Hillary Clinton according
to interviews and copies of the
proposals the Trump campaigns interest
in the work began as Russians were
escalating their effort to aid Donald J
Trump though the Israeli companies
pitches were narrower than Moscow's
interference campaign and appear
unconnected the documents show that a
senior Trump aids saw the promise of a
disruption effort to swing voters in mr.
Trump's favour investigators working for
Robert s smaller the third have obtained
copies of the proposals and questioned
the Israeli companies employees
according to The Times the Trump aide
who requested the proposals was Rick
Gates who pleaded guilty in the Muller
investigation in February and has been
cooperating with prosecutors and The
Wall Street Journal is reporting that a
Republican operative secretly raised a
hundred thousand dollars from donors in
an effort to obtain what he believed
were Hillary Clinton's emails before the
2016 election what The Wall Street
Journal called quote activities that
remain of intense interest to federal
investigators working for a special
counsel Robert Miller's office and on
Capitol Hill and with only 29 days to go
until Election Day
Axios is reporting chief of staff John
Kelly recently formed a small working
group to
preparing for the possibility that
Democrats will soon put Congress top
investigators on Trump world senior
White House staff have an off site
weekend retreat scheduled for late
October the agenda is expected to
include a discussion of Investigations
under a Democratic controlled house
during our discussion now Joyce Vance
former US Attorney for the Northern
District of Alabama and a professor at
the University of Alabama School of Law
also joining us David Fromm is senior
editor for the Atlantic and author of
Trump Achra see the corruption of the
American Republic and max booth senior
fellow at the Council on Foreign
Relations and the author of the new book
the corrosion of conservatism why I left
the right and max I'd like to start with
you tonight with the president deciding
to it's time to just change his defense
from there was no collision to the
Democrats colluded with Russia this is
the old no puppet you're the puppet
defense I mean it's preposterous
Lawrence it doesn't make any sense and
yet it has been strangely convincing to
a large section at least of the
Republican electorate I mean the way
Republicans have gone along with these
fairy tales that Donald Trump tells his
office keishon his attempts to obstruct
justice I mean this is one of the major
reasons I'm not a Republican anymore I
mean I can imagine Republicans making
compromises with Trump on certain areas
and saying okay I'm gonna overlook a few
deranged tweets if I'm gonna get tax
cuts or Supreme Court justices but how
do you overlook the fact that he fired
the FBI director and has been engaged in
non-stop obstruction of justice even as
senior aide after senior aide has been
found guilty of felonies
I mean imagine what these Republicans
would be saying if this were happening
to Hillary Clinton it's outrageous and I
don't know who to be more outraged about
whether it the fact that you're seeing
this kind of behavior from Trump or that
all these Republicans who claim to beat
the law-and-order party they're excusing
it and they're enabling it it's just
disgusting
I mean I've said it's it seems to me
that the outrage should be maybe double
for the people who are enabling it
because Donald Trump was only one person
juries fans I want to
the rick gates element of the news
tonight which is so fascinating is we
see in this the Trump campaign trying to
make some explorations earlier
explorations possibly this time
involving Israelis about how to
manipulate social media how to work this
this part of the world to their
advantage and Rick Gates seems to be the
person who knows that story this is an
interesting development and Muller seems
to hold a lot of cards here because he
has Rick Gates as his cooperating
witness someone who can lead him through
the story you know on its face this is
not what we think of as an illegal
campaign contribution this if the
reporting we're to be borne out would be
the Trump campaign engaging paying for
the services of an Israeli company and
although it could possibly be illegal in
some way it's not a campaign finance
violation but we know that Jorge nadir
who is acting as an emissary for the
Saudi princes made a two million dollar
payment to Joel's Amal who ran sy group
the Israeli company after the election
and if it turns out that that was a
payment that was made for the campaign
then all sorts of campaign finance
violations could be possible and Rick
Gates who was right in the middle of it
can tell Bob Muller exactly what
happened and David Frum in the midst of
all of this of course there's the New
York Times story about the Trump family
tax schemes and tax evasion schemes
intergenerational overtime I want to
listen to something the president said
about that today when he was asked
because he has famously declared that at
some point in his adulthood his father
gave him a million dollars and that's it
that was his meager start in life and
we've since discovered that he had been
given a million dollars by his father
when he was a little boy but let's
listen to what Donald Trump said today
in in when he faced questions about this
very well done
it's been documented for many years very
well all public documents
not at all David from the answer has
gone from oh he gave me a million
dollars wants to just refusing to answer
the question and pretending it's been
very well documented it's gone from
defamatory libelous to inappropriate to
old news to no big deal at all
as we listen to all the stories you
remember that children's game duck duck
goose where you tak go around the tape
of kids with so many areas of Trump
there's possible crime possible crime
possible crime here this is goose it's
actual crime if you falsify invoices in
order to deceive tax authorities that's
a crime and that's what the time so
credibly reported that the Trump family
has done now in this case that happened
outside the statute of limitations and
maybe they did it for half a century and
then stopped and never did it again but
maybe not maybe the patterns of half a
century continued and I think you know
as front I think many people watch your
program I think all of us who appear on
and get frustrated that things happen
things happen and we seem to be in a
world of spin and not realities but when
you have in the pages of America's
leading newspaper a very credible
allegation of an actual crime and when
there's a new house that seems the work
of investigation
I think suddenly we meet realities
there's going out to be a special
council to look at the question is the
president I say it's at present
committing tax crimes yeah and and max
the the president was asked recently of
why does person resist is he still being
audited because that was the big lie
during the campaign Neverending I can't
show you the returns they're being
audited that was of course a lie that
was they never showed the evidence that
he was being audited which he could have
everyone who's being honored and gets an
audit letter he refused to do that and
so the the president I'm sure was kind
of thrilled with a couple of weeks where
all the attention was on someone else
all the attention was on Brett Kavanaugh
and I think he was also thrilled that
all the attention was on sexual assault
allegations against another man right
who he was hoping would survive those
and and and yet every time something
like that happens every time there's a
big
turn in the news on something as soon as
it's over it's back to the potential and
past crimes of Donald Trump and there's
a good reason there's a good reason for
that Lawrence which is that Donald Trump
is the most unethical and dishonest
president in the history of the United
States in every single week we get more
details about just how unethical and
dishonest he is including that I mean
let's focus on the fact that just in the
last month or so we have learned of two
instances very credibly where he in all
likelihood violated the law in a fairly
massive way one was this tax fraud that
was documented by the New York Times the
other was the fact that Michael Cohen
his personal attorney implicated him in
the commission of two federal crimes
violating federal campaign finance laws
and we're very blase about that but this
is an unprecedented situation we have a
president who is essentially a crook
something we have not faced since the
days of Watergate but what makes this
even more astonishing and dismaying is
that there are no honest Republicans any
immoral as there were in the days of
Watergate who would hold this president
accountable and that leads me to
conclude and this is a point that I make
in my book as a somebody who was a
lifelong Republican up until 2016 the
only way Lawrence we are gonna get any
accountability in Washington is if
everybody who watches this show votes
straight ticket Democratic I have
differences with Democrats but we need
to have accountability we need to have
checks and balances we're not going to
get it out of these Republicans who are
Donald Trump's enablers we need
Democrats that get to the bottom of this
and do things like for example getting
his tax returns which the chairman of
the House Ways and Means Committee can
do but there is no way in hell that the
Republican chairman is ever going to do
that and race fans I want to get your
reading of the long awaited meeting with
rod Rosenstein today which as it
happened took place on Air Force One
interesting context as you pointed out
given former attorney general Loretta
Lynch's well-known airport tarmac
meeting with Bill Clinton
this meeting was nuanced a little bit
differently and of course Rosenstein
reports directly to the President on a
number of matters but it's hard to know
what to make of this was it all theater
designed to create some tension during
the Cavanagh process or was the
president really interested at one point
in firing Rosenstein but then pushed
back from that i think that that latter
can explain is more likely because for
this president firing Rosenstein and the
impact that that could have had on
narrowing and constricting the molar
investigation could easily have been
perceived as evidence of the intent to
obstruct justice seems like the safer
course for him is to make his peace with
Rosenstein and work through it and david
from the president at minimum got to
show Rosenstein who is boss
theoretically by ordering him to come on
this plane ride with me and spend some
time talking to me there but it could
just be that the president is waiting
until after election day to fire him
right because there's not a lot that
Donald Trump wants Rob Rosenstein
affirmative Lee to do their things he
wants him not to do and and so the test
the thing that the pulse check is is
this the day when the president is
pressuring robber Eisenstein either shut
down mother or quit and that or be fired
by someone who will and that didn't
happen today and every day that that
doesn't happen is a good day David from
max boot Jace Vance thank you all for
joining us tonight thanks for checking
out our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
