I would love to speak I would love to
nobody wants to speak more than the
effect against my lawyers because most
lawyers they never speak with anything
because we've done nothing wrong if I
thought it was fair
I would override my lawyers welcome back
to am joy this week dozens of the
questions Special Counsel Robert Muller
presumably wants to ask Donald Trump
were leaked to the New York Times
meaning the White House has its own
question to grapple with will Trump
comply if Moeller asks to interview him
or not as a Friday Trump insisted he was
open to it remarks that come as he is
now being advised by former New York
City Mayor Rudy Giuliani
who has warned Trump against sitting
down for a Muller interview even as
Muller considers using a subpoena to
force Trump to testify before his grand
jury now if team Trump plans to fight a
potential subpoena that fight could take
months and go all the way to the Supreme
Court three presidents have been
subpoenaed in the past Thomas Jefferson
for documents Richard Nixon for tapes
and Bill Clinton for testimony in a
civil dispute Jefferson partially
complied with his subpoena and Bill
Clinton's was dismissed when he
volunteered to testify in a sexual
harassment lawsuit filed against him by
Paula Jones but as for Nixon he refused
to comply for the subpoena with the
subpoena until the Supreme Court in a
unanimous decision forced him to obey by
releasing taped White House
conversations including the smoking gun
tape about Watergate that led to his
resignation
so if molar subpoenas Trump and Trump
refuses the Supreme Court could find
itself deciding whether a sitting
American president could be forced to
cooperate in a criminal investigation
involving his own conduct joining me now
is Joe Coniston of the National memo
Maya Wiley of the new school jill wine
banks former assistant Watergate special
prosecutor and matthew miller justice
and security analyst for MSNBC this is
an all-star panel great panel and joe
you're where the very people i would
want to talk to about this because in
the clinton case you wrote the
definitive book the hunting of the
president you and jean lions that talked
about the sort of lengthy
get Clinton kind of campaign but in the
end it was this civil deposition in
which he was forced to do right by the
courts right but we don't know whether
or not that would apply in a criminal
court right at the time was there any
distinction being made that this is only
unanimous because it's a civil case
where there's no criminal penalty is the
opposite joy the the fact that it was a
unanimous decision by the court that you
could bring a civil case against the
sitting president meant that if there
were a criminal investigation of a
sitting president certainly you would be
able to subpoena the president for that
right not only that but you know Clinton
was actually subpoenaed by Ken Starr
later in the Monica Lewinsky case after
resisting invitations to come in for
several months Starr finally dropped a
subpoena on the White House and they
negotiated his appearance through the
subpoena after his appearance was
negotiated because Clinton's lawyers
knew that the court would rule that the
president had to answer that subpoena in
a criminal case yeah in my lips let's
read I'm gonna read a little bit from
the court filing in Clinton v Jones this
was on May 27th 1997 from the opinion it
said the president like other officials
is subject to the same laws that apply
to all citizens that no case had been
found in which an official was granted
immunity from suit for his unofficial
acts so can you square this for us you
can subpoena president's documents
that's Jefferson you can subpoena of
president's tapes
that's Nixon and you could subpoena his
presence in a civil trial what we don't
know is whether all that means you can
subpoena a sitting president when it's a
criminal case it will be astounding to
me if a president could argue that he is
above the law when it comes to potential
crimes when because of his executive
privilege or because it would distract
him from his job or any of the things
that we heard for instance Rudy Giuliani
saying in the Hannity and right now if
he can be so if he can be forced to
either provide documents or be forced to
testify in a civil case there's simply
no logical reason
yes then distinguishing those but there
is no case directly on point which is
why we see so many people coming out of
the woodwork saying over and over and
over again the president executive
privilege this is kind of the public
relations drum beat the sound of trying
to muddy the waters about the actual law
right but I mean the only logical reason
for them on the side of the Trump side
Jill why makes them come to you would be
because in this case you're not talking
about civil damages for a sexual
harassment lawsuit you're talking about
potential crimes for which someone could
in theory be jail and you're talking
about the president it√≠d States so one
could see the partisan logic on the
court for saying well it's a little
different but I wanted just for a second
there's a court order this is now July
24 1974 you will be very familiar with
this chill line banks from the court's
opinion the president's generalized
assertion of privilege as my I just
mentioned must yield to the demonstrated
specific need for evidence in a pending
criminal trial and the fundamental
demands of due process of law in the
fair administration of criminal justice
and now let's really quickly play 15
seconds of the tapes that they released
that literally zeroed in on the
obstruction potential criminal case that
Nixon was facing
taking care of people out there who were
guilty promised
okay so chill he's talking about
blackmail and obstruction of justice the
court says he cannot withhold
information that could potentially be
relevant in a criminal trial in your
view Jill wine banks having gone through
the whole Watergate thing could Donald
Trump assert that he cannot be forced to
testify before that grand jury because
this involves potential crimes the
simple answer is no he cannot avoid it I
think that all logic and all legal
precedent say that he will have to
comply whether his testimony is
necessary is a different story his
intent has already been made quite clear
in his public statements in his tweets
in his interview with Lester Holt so I
don't think we need his evidence to go
forward with any kind of obstruction
case and I think he will find it
irresistible to want to testify for a
couple of reasons one because he's
arrogant and he thinks he can persuade
the grand jury that he's innocent he
will go ahead because he believes that
and he doesn't know though what
documents and what testimony
moer already has that will contradict
him so he will be stepping into
dangerous territory if he lies if he
tells the truth he may also be in
dangerous territory because that may
involve admitting things that he has
previously denied the same is true with
the hundred and thirty thousand dollars
did he or didn't he know about it he
said he didn't then he said he did now
he's walking back back he can't do that
in a grand jury he will be pinned down
in a grand jury and in Matthew one thing
that Donald Trump does know or at least
his lawyers know is that there is a
Justice Department finding that you can
on indict a sitting president right so
that in a sense the Justice Department
has already pre decided that even if
crimes are found by the Malheur grand
jury they can't indict him at least
according to those findings in that case
then could the Justice Department
essentially say there's no indictment on
the table so you have to go and testify
yeah that may be the Justice
Department's argument and you've seen
the president's lawyers out trying to
make the Artic for some time that if he
can't be indicted you can't be
subpoenaed which is a little bit absurd
I'm gonna take the inadvisable step of
just disagreeing a little bit with
something Jill wine bank says I I don't
think the president wants to testify I
don't think he is willingly gonna
testify if he ever does it'll be under
compulsion I think he's a little bit
like the Cowardly Lion here you hear a
lot of bluster in public about how much
he wants to come do this when in fact I
bet he is terrified to come down and
talk to Bob Miller knowing the potential
criminal liability has not just for
making false statements but if he does
tell the truth and he has to talk about
why he asked the FBI director to back
off of Mike Flynn why he fired Jim Comey
maybe even some of his actions during
the campaign I think there's a great
deal of criminal jeopardy for them and I
think if he really wanted to do the
interview they'd be already arranging
that it wouldn't be coming out making
excuses publicly all the time I suspect
you know I don't know if Bob Miller will
eventually subpoena him or not but one
thing I feel pretty strongly about is
that the president will never willingly
sit down and Tut and and cooperate well
I want to let Jill why make force on me
we can't we don't know what's in his
head right we don't know if he's afraid
if he's not we don't know but it Jill
wine banks I wonder if his lawyers
should be vigorously fighting him going
in and testifying to Muller because you
just made the case that either way he
could be in legal jeopardy whether he
tells them the truth or not
I think his lawyers should not be
advising him to do it I don't think
there is an option if there was a
subpoena he could claim the Fifth
Amendment he could claim executive
privilege the executive privilege will
fail I do not believe that there is any
chance that that hasn't already been
decided by the Supreme Court you have an
a fraud and crime exception and so that
there's not going to be any chance that
that will succeed and I sort of agree
with Matt that there's he he keeps
saying oh I would do it if my lawyers
wouldn't you know or if Muller would be
fair like right sure of that
well Muller is being fair the subjects
that he wants to ask about our well
within his scope of authority and the
questions that were drafted by his
lawyer as possible questions he'd have
to answer are all very fair questions
yeah so he is using excuses I agree with
Matt on
and he could if he wanted to he
ultimately makes the decision yeah so I
wonder if just really quickly Maya if
there's a precedent that one shouldn't
proceed with whether it's an indictment
or a final report without an interview
that maybe Muller actually needs to
interview him first he doesn't need to
interview him first that really is a
question that it depends on the evidence
that he's already amassed and remember
these questions came before the raid on
Michael Cohen's office right so there's
also a lot of additional evidence we
don't know what that evidence says it's
certainly any prosecutor would want to
have the benefit of the interview for a
couple of reasons one to assess
credibility although I think we already
know from the public record Trump has a
very large credibility problem but also
that they want to be able to test some
of what they've heard and see what the
other side of the story is going to be
and you would never want your client to
be interviewed by a prosecutor without
yourself going through all the documents
all of the evidence you think that
prosecutor might have that's a lot of
information to go through with the
client there's no way you'd want your
client really go to Matt for just a
second because the the rod Rosa sign has
been put in a very interesting position
here he's this week saying we're not
gonna be bullied he's being bullied by
the White House so has Donald Trump in a
sense worked himself into a position
where the one person who really could
throw a wrench into the Moller
investigation absolutely is now his
adversary and that would be Rod
Rosenstein yeah that's exactly right I
mean Robert Rosen Stein it seemed I
think everyone read those remarks as
being pointed at the people in the house
that have been criticizing rod Rhodes
since I think he was at very directly
sending a signal to the president United
States who is publicly and privately
been pushing the Justice Department to
back off this investigation yeah and
what and and you know III think Rosen
Stein is making pretty clear it's not
gonna work but one other thing I want to
say about this question of will he or
won't he sit down I'm sure his lawyers
are gonna advise him against seeing down
but you know what the American people
didn't elect Donald Trump's lawyers
president United States they like to
Donald Trump president United States
yeah if he wants to take the Fifth
Amendment every American has the right
to do that as a private citizen sure but
we expect something different of federal
employees if I had refused to cooperate
with a lawful investigation when I work
with the Justice Department or if other
federal employees did they can do that
as a private citizen but they're fired
they have to leave the federal
government we should not we should not
expect anything less we shouldn't
a lower standard for the person that
sits atop the government is charged with
the Constitution with faithfully
executing all laws yeah I wonder one
last letter and we are at literally out
of time but Joe Khanna said because we
were talk about this in the break let's
say this goes to the Supreme Court why
should the American people expect a
court not the same makeup but a court
that did Bush v Gore that made what
seems to a lot of Americans have been a
partisan decision to choose the
president they prefer the majority
preferred why should the American people
then expect that this court which is you
know full of a lot of partisans would
not simply protect Donald Trump
regardless of precedents well they swore
an oath they swore an oath to uphold the
Constitution joy that's what they're
supposed to do whether they're
Republicans or Democrats and it's very
clear that the Constitution requires
that the president be subject to the
same laws as the rest of us so any
Supreme Court justice who votes to quash
the subpoena after by the way molars
been entirely fair about this he's
conducted this the same way started
which was to invite a negotiation about
how the president would appear so
justice who ruled in favor of Trump
under those circumstances to allow him
to escape accountability for all of
these alleged and suspected crimes would
go down in history as somebody who had
supported despotism and violated their
oath in the most egregious way all right
well sobering words from Joe Coniston
who will be back Maya Wiley Jill wine
banks Matthews you look really quick
what's it been it's a constitution so
Joe just made it extremely relevant to
this discussion so appropriate thank you
very much thank you and up next yes Oh
the Constitution's on the tie to
remember Joe Arpaio he may be coming to
a US Senate seat near you true story
don't go away
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
