joining me MSNBC contributor natasha
bertrand MSNBC legal analyst katie fang
and former federal prosecutor liam
brennan with a welcome to you both Liam
I'm gonna reach out to you who you hear
first because if the negotiations with
Giuliani were to go south do you think
Robert Muller should subpoena the
president and if he does should the
president plead the fifth those are very
big questions Alex
there is a question legal question as to
whether Robert Muller can actually
subpoena the President to testify in a
grand jury during an investigation but
even in any criminal investigation if
mr. Muller wants to ever possibly bring
charges against the president subpoena
him to a grand jury to testify is a
dangerous move it could risk the whole
investigation in any subsequent
prosecution because if you force someone
to testify under a subpoena and then you
use that evidence then prosecute them
you've forced them to give evidence
against himself and that's a
constitutional violation hmm so
generally prosecutors don't subpoena
people that they think they may bring
charges against in the future
huh interesting Katie the list of
questions for Robert Muller what he has
for the president it was leaked this
week and it includes five questions
about Michael Flynn 21 on the former
firing I'm finding rather a former FBI
director James Comey he got nine
questions about Jeff Sessions 14 about
potential coordination with Russia
so you add it all up what do you think
Muller is going with these questions
well you can tell that there's obviously
a pretty wide net in terms of what he's
cast in terms of the information he's
seeking but the fact that we've seen
that there's a focus on those particular
individuals the transactions
interactions communications with those
particular individuals suggests that of
course it is whether the obstruction of
justice case or the obstruction of
justice investigation is going to be
pursued as hot and heavy as everybody
seems to think it is because remember
Alex every week we kind of go back and
forth
it's either the obstruction or it's the
collusion or the conspiracy to have
Russia basically be involved in the
presidential election but what's key
also Alex about those questions and
about the stuff that you just says liam
is the fact that we now know that Ty
Cobb is al or
we'll be out and Emmett flood is in and
that flood was the lawyer who
represented Bill Clinton during his own
impeachment proceedings
Emmett flood and his team went toe to
toe with Special Counsel Ken Starr and
we know that Emmett flood is a big fan
of the executive privilege which is
often invoked by the president his
office to be able to prevent subpoenas
disclosure of information and so if
Emmett flood takes more of a hard line
in the sand with Muller and his team
Giuliani as the surrogate for Trump and
the language that he uses when he does
his media circles I mean we're going to
see perhaps a more adversarial approach
to the Muller investigation from the
Trump administration that we saw before
well there's something else to consider
Natasha because Giuliani has said that
Muller definitely should back off on
Ivanka don't involve her in this Russia
probe first of all do you agree with
Giuliani and what are you hearing about
the strategy from Muller so far as the
the Trump family in general is concerned
he's saving them for last because he
knows that if he starts to go after
Trump's children now it's going to
really really annoy the president and it
could completely derail any kind of
negotiations that they're having now for
him to sit down for an interview if he
goes after Ivanka Jared of course as
Giuliani said is disposable but if he
goes after Ivanka he knows that that is
going to really really anger the
president now she absolutely deserves
scrutiny here because she was present
for some of the most significant events
that Muller is investigating of course
she was there when the president decided
to fire Jim Comey she was a witness to
the drafting of this misleading
statement about the Trump Tower meeting
so she is she's at the center of all of
this so for her to avoid scrutiny by
Muller is not for now is not a sign that
she will never be questioned by him but
everyone that I have spoken to you is
said Muller is just being very strategic
about this and making sure that he
doesn't burn his bridges now when he
needs to speak to the president so
Ivanka of course she is not you know she
doesn't deserve to be out of the
spotlight here because she is not just
the president's daughter she's also his
advisor she has a White House position
so this is not a typical situation in
which Muller would just be going after
the family he's going after a strategic
adviser to the president it asked all of
you about the back and forth between
Giuliani and his statement of
the president's knowledge of
130-thousand payment of stormy Daniels
and the president backtracking just your
interpretation of all that and what it
indicates Liam you first you know when I
first heard this it seemed like a
full-on assault on our campaign finance
laws the Giuliani has not though given a
clear explanation of what the president
knew and when he knew it and the
president has muddied those waters as
well to say that he knew and reimbursed
these payments and then to go on Fox and
Friends and say that the what if this
came out during the debate with Hillary
Clinton
that is what disclosure laws are for if
you are making payments to further your
campaign the public has a right to know
and so if this was meant to hide that
and to keep it outside of public
disclosure if it was to Ford the
campaign it does not matter whether or
not it was campaign funds or not it is a
campaign expenditure or campaign
donation and it's supposed to be
publicly reported and so they've created
a very real legal problem for the
president and the last piece of
important evidence there though is what
did the president know and when he knew
it yeah and Tasha what would this amount
that we know a hundred and thirty
thousand for stormy Daniels but monthly
to Michael cone over four hundred
thousand dollars for incidental expenses
the kinds of things he incurred during
the campaign what in the world right we
really have no idea as of right now I
mean the Wall Street Journal reported
last night that he had almost a million
dollars to play with kind of a slush
fund from the president in order to fix
any problems than candidate in order to
fix any problems that may have arisen
during the campaign of course Michael
Cohen has always been Trump's fixer so
to speak and he was hired essentially to
fix these problems that may have arisen
such as women coming forward accusing
the president of sexual assaults of
accusing him of having affairs during
his marriage so this is this is
definitely something that's within
character for Michael Cohen to to have
done it makes sense but we don't know
exactly what the money was used for and
of course that is going to be of deep
interest to the special counsel
especially as he investigates Russia's
election interference and whether there
was any coordination between the
campaign and Russia because as we know
Michael Cohen has been accused in that
dossier of being a fixer essentially to
paying off the Russians to keep
everything quiet so if this was part of
a
pattern in which he had almost a million
dollars to play with during the election
what else did he used that money for
yeah and Katie I mean does this all
hinge upon the fact that the president
may not have known why he was paying
over four hundred thousand dollars a
month to Michael Cohen
I mean how plausible is that so two
points to respond to that question Alex
one as a lawyer
we're not given slush funds of a million
dollars to go take care of stuff we just
were not I mean you're not acting as a
lawyer when you're doing that you're
acting as a fixer and I think that's
important for the attorney-client
privilege analysis that is being invoked
as a sword in a shield in the Southern
District of New York criminal case
that's pending against Michael Cohen or
in terms of the investigation to the
Special Master in that Southern District
of New York case is going to be going
through those documents that receives in
the rain and Michael Cohen's home motel
room in office we are gonna find out
imminently what that money was used for
and if we don't get those answers from
that then guess what
Trump's gonna have to answer them
himself in a deposition in a civil
setting not maybe with the Muller
investigation who knows what happens
with that but specifically with regards
to questions in a deposition during the
course of discovery perhaps and stormy
Daniels perhaps in some other case
remembered stormy Daniels brought a
defamation lawsuit this week in the
Southern District of New York
and so Trump will have to answer why did
he pay it when did he pay it and what
did he know about it and you know what
that's not gonna be a good place for him
to be in okay excellent analysis from
Albany etosha Katie Liam thank you so
much hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
