our Friday night look at Trump's tangled
web continues and perhaps no areas more
tangled than just trying to follow the
Trump administration employment chart
all you have to do is look at how
Rachel's wall has grown over the course
of the trump presidency trying to keep
track of everyone who's been fired look
at that wall when the boss Donald Trump
praises you it's not necessarily a good
thing here he is today
I want to just tell you something
general Kelley is doing a fantastic job
there's been such false reporting about
our relationship we have a great
relationship he's doing a great job as
chief of staff I could not be more happy
so I just want to tell you that now in
March it was Trump's legal team that was
doing a great job he tweeted the failing
New York Times purposely wrote a false
story stating that I had unhappy with my
legal team on the Russia case and I'm
going to add another lawyer to help out
wrong I'm very happy with my lawyers
John Dowd Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow they
are doing a great job well we all know
how that turned out
John Dowd and Ty Cobb are out Donald
Trump hired the lawyer that he said he
wouldn't hire Emmett flood and today
Donald Trump said White House chief of
staff John Kelly's doing a great job
praising him after a week in which NBC
broke the bombshell news that Kelly
referred to Trump as quote an idiot
multiple times the new york times added
yesterday that kelly and trump quote
have grown tired and irritated with each
other and political reporting say that
Kelly has been marginalized by some
White House staff and by the president
according to ten sources but despite the
private tensions John Kelly is still
willing to publicly flatter the man he
reportedly thinks is an idiot here's
Donald Trump giving John and Kelly the
chance to publicly declare his
admiration for the president the New
York Times has falsely reported they've
said things that are absolutely false so
I just want to tell you that and
generally you may have something I would
just say it's an absolute privilege to
work for
that it's gotten the economy going we're
about to have a breakthrough I believe a
not Korea the jobs report today I mean
everything is going phenomenally well
attacking the opioid crisis it's nothing
less than brilliant what's been
accomplished in 15 months I believe so
what happens now to the man who called
the president an idiot
that's next he's doing a great job as
chief of staff I could not be more happy
so I just want to tell you that it's
nothing less than brilliant what's been
accomplished in 15 months I believe we
are back with our panel Ruth Marcus
Eugene Robinson and Jonathan alter Ruth
helped me unpack the nothing less than
brilliant the there is no White House
communications director the president we
don't see his chief of staff with him
all that often we saw him today the
president very clearly didn't tell the
White House press secretary about
Giuliani's plans Emmitt flood the the
the lawyer that the president has now
hired who represented Bill Clinton in
his impeachment didn't know the Giuliani
was going on TV but it's brilliant
nothing less than brilliant there's
something more than brilliant I'm gonna
go for a really highbrow literary
reference here and I'm gonna say this is
the Cat in the Hat presidency you may
recall it The Cat in the Hat comes back
the cat takes a bath in the tub and he
leaves a pink ring and as they try to
clean it up it just spreads and spreads
and stains everything the president
Trump's messes end up on what glad you
liked it president Trump's messes end up
staining everything and they spread and
everybody who associates with him I
can't think of a single exception except
for maybe the defense secretary James
mattis everybody who's associated with
Donald Trump ends up having his or her
reputation diminished as a result and
hence general Kelly exhibit a today
Eugene Neil Cavuto on Fox I think said
that stink mr. president is your swamp
even those in conservative circles are
starting to think this is too crazy to
continue
well it's too crazy to continue looking
you know was referring to all the of a
swamp fishness the very deep in kiddin
deeper water that's around this
administration you look at the per would
situation it at EPA is it's like a new
scandal every day the latest being the
reports that Scott Pruett came in I came
into office and gathered a staff and
said here are some places around the
world I'd really like to see so find me
reasons to go there and that's so that's
how he works out his travel on on the
public dime that's okay in Trump world
apparently if when you appear with the
president you do what what John Kelly
just did which is you know flatter him
with praise that that would you know
embarrass Kim jong-un I mean the dear
leader style praise and that's the sort
of price of staying in the
administration and having power in the
administration and and beyond that you
do it what you want we've seen it in in
in cabinet meetings before but but in
fact to the Scott Pruett point this is
remarkable what Eugene was talking about
evidence that Scott Pruett had a list of
exotic destinations that he wanted to
travel to and inform staff that he
wanted them to find reasons for him to
go to those places but Scott Pruett and
Mick Mulvaney and and others in the
government are doing exactly what Donald
Trump wants them to do they are
dismantling regulations the stock market
though weak recently has been strong the
jobs numbers are still pretty good and
this North Korea meeting if it happens
is going to be an accomplishment the
fact is the president still seems to
think he's doing well fact he had a
bluster and a confidence about him today
that I hadn't seen in a while well
unemployment is down to levels we
haven't seen since 2000 and so he he can
say to his people to his base I am
delivering for you in certain ways
notwithstanding that those are
continuations of policies we've seen for
years right but you know I think that
Ruth was too kind to him with the Cat in
the Hat
you know reference I mean Donald Trump
makes the Cat in the Hat
like Abraham Lincoln with his top hat
you know the the this is a toxic waste
dump and and and I think that Comey who
was wrong in a lot of areas had it right
that it's you know a forest fire so the
best that we can hope for is to start
planning for what we do after whether
it's three years or you know seven years
or whatever but we need to start
figuring out how we restore our
democracy after the damage that's being
done on it literally on a daily basis
and the first thing are these midterm
elections so I'm struck by how there's
really not enough focus yet on how we
remedy this at the polling place
Jonathan thank you Jonathan alter Ruth
Marcus and Eugene Robinson thanks to the
three of you for spending the Friday
night with me hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
