Trump onstage in Dallas at this NRA
convention he didn't mention Rudy
Giuliani or stormy Daniels but as he was
going on stage Rudy in full damage
control mode with a correction from his
bombshell revelation that after all this
Trump actually did pay stormy Daniels by
repaying Michael Cohen 130,000 dollars
here's the quote there is no campaign
violation he argues the payment would
have been done in any event whether
Trump was a candidate or not but his own
boss undercutting him hours earlier
saying he didn't have the facts straight
rudy is a great guy but he just started
a day ago he's gonna be issuing a
statement do but he is a great guy he
knows it's a whit shot that's what he
knows he's seen a lot of them he started
yesterday
you'll get his facts straight he's a
great guy
Giuliani's statements also trying to
clarify the timing of the stormy Daniels
payment he says that it had nothing to
do with the president's knowledge or
understanding of these matters he's
basically trying to clean up this mess
imagine if that came out on October 15th
a little of the you know last debate
with Hillary Cohen made it go away he
did his job imagine if it came out at
that time of course that's one of the
issues that's under investigation what
was the motivation and did the timing of
the campaign have something to do it do
with it stormy Daniels lawyer last night
says now that looks like proof that this
was potentially about the campaign the
correction though does not correct
Giuliani's biggest revelation what's
actually important about all this that
Donald Trump despite many other
statements denials and would now look to
be lies was behind the hush money
payment to this adult film actress look
at this headline Wednesday night for
example Trump acknowledges porn actress
payoff from the New York Times that does
not change with all of today's
back-and-forth Trump standing by his
story though and claims it never changed
we're not changing any stories we're
gonna see excuse me you take a look at
what I said you go back and take a look
you'll see what I said you go take a
look at what we should go back and take
a look you go back and take a look okay
here it is
so that was what he said which is
totally contradicted by the new defense
and then factor in rudy giuliani's
comments from wednesday that still stand
having something to do with paying some
stormy Daniels woman 130,000 I mean
which is gonna turn out to be perfectly
legal funnels all over him and the
president repaid it oh I didn't know
that he did yeah but do you know the
president didn't know about this
I believe I know about the specifics of
it as far as I know but he didn't know
about the general arrangement that
Michael would take care of things like
this he didn't know about the specifics
of it well tonight it's Rudy Giuliani
struggling with the specifics and that's
not a criticism that's just literally
according to Rudy Giuliani I turned to
Joyce Vance a former federal prosecutor
Howell Raines a former executive editor
of the New York Times and Michael
Waldman president of the Brennan Center
for Justice and President Clinton's
former chief speechwriter and a lawyer
as well Joyce what do you make of they
used to call a non-denial denial of this
non clarifying clarification so at the
end of the day Rudy can characterize
these events in these payments however
he wants to it's not a not a criminal
violation as what he's saying but it
doesn't really matter to the
investigators in the Southern District
of New York
they'll look at the fact and they'll
make a decision about whether this is a
criminal sort of a campaign finance
violation or something regulatory that
they should send to their colleagues at
the Federal Election Commission for
regulatory which is not a criminal sort
of follow-up but this effort to
characterize it and recharacterize it
and change the facts really comes to
nothing because the facts are already
baked in it's already happened
investigators will track it down and
this I think will end up being something
of a sideshow it's a sideshow but it
goes to this sort of endless assault on
veracity aka lying all the time that
that really characterizes a lot of
people who work for Trump and the
president himself and Michael Waldman I
want to play for you because we don't
want to just let it go Michael Cohen is
lawyer David Schwartz is Michael Cohen's
lawyer he went out in public settings
recently and stated the opposite which
is how we know several people are lying
take a look
you are claiming that Michael Cohen the
president's lawyer and fixer ray Donovan
character never ever told Donald Trump
about it never never never told them and
Michael Cohen dispensed one hundred
thirty thousand dollars of his own money
and never sought reimbursement for a
hundred percent Michael it's not 100
percent though it's closer to zero now
by their own admissions I'm reminded of
that line from the Marx Brothers movie
who you gonna believe me or your own
eyes the the video evidence of them
lying and lying and lying is funny but
it's not really funny to see this kind
of assault and the truth and an assault
and the rule of law that it under Gerdes
I agree that it may turn out that the
campaign finance violations may not
ultimately be as big as we see them
right now I I've wondered about that
although I will note I read a tweet
yesterday explaining the section of the
federal election law that shows this is
a clear violation and the tweet came
from George Conway Kellyanne Conway's
husband but I think that the the degree
to which people are lying and
tap-dancing to try to deny this thing
does make you wonder what else there is
there was there structuring of the
payments to try to hide it from
regulators what other kinds of lies were
told to banks about what kinds of loans
they would get to create this fund there
may be more here even sexier than a
campaign finance law of a violation well
is anything sexier than AI campaign
finance not evolving though yeah look I
think what you're talking about is the
stream of lies and how a first lie might
not actually trigger a criminal felony
but a later lie might we've reported on
this show why it's unlikely that the
theory that this was a campaign donation
would ensnare these people but that does
not mean as you and other lawyers I
think have discussed that there aren't
these financial issues because lying to
a bank is a biggie
how old rains I want to play for you
another portion of the Fox News Empire
where all these stories
get sort of slowly and painfully
unspooled here's neil cavuto a long time
loyal Fox anchor putting out his
criticism about all this let me be clear
mr. president how can you drain the
swamp if you're the one who keeps
muddying the waters your base probably
might not care but you should I guess
you're too busy draining the swamp to
ever stop and smell the stink you're
creating that's your doing
that's your stink mr. president that's
your swamp how what does that tell you
about the political side and the Fox
media side of this too much for even
some of them well I hope they haven't
let Rupert Murdoch find out that they
discovered journalism over there but I
think it made me sad to see Rudy
floundering on Sean Hannity's show in
1993 I was the newly appointed editorial
page editor to the New York Times and my
colleagues and I decided we could not
endorse Rudy because he was insensitive
and over zealous when it turned out that
a zealot was exactly what was needed to
fix a very broken city so I remember him
when he was successful it's scary now to
think about him in this enfeebled
state it seems to me advising a
president who is frantic and and
unstable to begin with so I think it's a
it defies the description that's trying
to figure out who to choose between
Trump and Rudy as being more dangerous
right now but Trump because the
president obviously is the more
dangerous well choice you hear Howells
prescription there and enfeebled zealot
it does not seem that Rudy Giuliani and
his public performance is respectfully
observed it does not seem that he has a
full mastery of what's happening and how
to execute on it
perhaps the most headline statement that
came out of a former US Attorney's mouth
in the course of this week's event was
when he called the FBI agents who were
working on the case in the Southern
District of New York storm troopers
comparing the people that he had worked
with and served alongside to Nazi
soldiers that was really a shocking
thing to hear coming out of his mouth
and it's consistent with the strategic
missteps he's taken this week he's done
nothing to move the president further
away from criminal danger he's done
nothing to clarify the story if anything
he's just made a more difficult path
forward for the lawyers who will work
with him and who will have to come
behind him and clean up this week's
disarray
how I want to turn to you for a more
difficult question but we know from from
your long service and journalism you're
you're good at this kind of thing I want
to ask you about the negative space in
the painting the thing that's not
happening that we were always told would
happen because the Christian right and
the conservative values organizations
and the evangelical right care deeply
about the personal behavior of
politicians and especially the president
and what might have been missed amidst
all of this super drama this week and
all of the people putting the feet in
their mouth and issuing their
clarifications is the president now has
squarely admitted to paying this woman
in direct connection to the allegations
of this extramarital affair and and I
asked you for your view of why we're not
hearing any outrage from any of those
groups affiliated with Donald Trump in
the Republican Party ari I was thinking
about that today as an Alabama and I
remember when only a small group of
people in Alabama the black preachers of
the state were willing to say that the
South's governments were immoral and
unconstitutional that's now accepted
wisdom but the entire white church of
the south was silenced not to mention
the politicians and the business
community what I'm wondering now the
what I'm not hearing is any statement of
outrage
where are the preachers of America when
morality is legitimately at the center
of our national life and I think
director Comey was correct today on CBS
when he said this is about values and
supporting our institutions and it's
imperative that Americans who believe in
the normal political process and the
rule of law start speaking out and that
must what's missing in the picture to me
Michael yes and I suppose I would say in
addition to asking where are the
preachers on a different plane I suppose
where are the lawyers respect for the
rule of law respect for Michael I see
the lawyers all over the place well
where are the lawyers who are on
someone's payroll speaking out about the
basic issues that we have a rule of law
you had Donald Trump today going before
the NRA trying to change the subject
from the stormy Daniels Michael calling
the issue by attacking robert muller to
the nra - cheers this is a degradation
of the entire view of law enforcement
and of the rule of law which is now
become a political fight it's as if it
is already in the arena of fighting over
impeachment of fighting over votes in in
congress and we all need to remember on
the Russia matter on all these other
things what the fundamental deep issues
are that are at stake here this is not
just a dramatic if over written script
this is really about what our
Constitution the rule of law stand for
right and how does the script end that
really to the points I think each of you
are making tonight it that's up to
everyone that's up to us to figure out
where the lines are Joyce was speaking
about the the really horrific
stormtrooper comment coming from someone
who actually was literally protected by
those people I mean physically with guns
how and Michael speaking about the
people who defend our institutions or
our laws and our ethics to the extent we
have a public discussion them in this
country so thanks to each of you for
kicking off the show hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
