former White House tried to Steve
Bennett told POLITICO this is political
political at some point in time the
American people are going to wait on
this the legal process is going to
attune itself to the political process
they are inextricably linked
so what would need to happen for
politicians to seriously consider
impeachment I'm sure right now by us
Heisman Jerry Nadler of New York who
represents the 10th District of New York
it includes the West Side of Manhattan
in parts of Brooklyn there it is a very
interesting district congressman Nadler
is the top Democrat in the house
Dictionary Committee the panel that
would have potentially initiate
impeachment proceedings against
President Trump mr. Nadler thank you so
much for coming on I I was thinking
thing about which situation you're
facing of the great Peter Rodino back in
1974 who handled it masterfully people
never had a higher opinion I think in
our lives of the Congress than they were
in the way that the house handled the
question of Richard Nixon's impeachment
tell me how your general thoughts are
about what's going on now the way
President Trump is talking about how the
Democrats are out to impeach him well I
think first of all the president is
making that up out of whole cloth as he
makes up so many other things out of
whole cloth what's going on now is that
the Congress is failing at its duty you
know we have a system of separation of
powers and makaan Greece is supposed to
keep the executive in check and vice
versa
and the Congress is not keeping the
executive in check we are not exercising
a checks and balances power we are not
holding the administration accountable
we are not holding hearings going into
all the things that they're doing that
we ought to be doing we ought to be
holding those hearings and and holding
the administration accountable and if if
I'm the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee which is to say if the
Democrats should win the house in
January that's what we will do we will
start holding hearings on the behavior
of the administration on what they're
doing on their adherence the law on what
if any legal changes we should make to
to promote the rule of law and we'll see
where it goes from there do you think
that the House Republicans have been
doing anything like that I've looked at
the case of Nunez chairman of
intelligence they look to be
rubber-stamps for anything
the president wants to say or do on the
issue of this whole Russian probe well
no the Republicans in the House have
been extremely by and large have been
extremely irresponsible noonas has been
a complete Lackey for the White House
and more to the point they've refused to
hold any hearings instead they have
participated in in trashing the special
counsel and trying to distract attention
from what's going on and in trying to
come up with phony phony nonsense now
the one interesting thing about the
special counsel has been you know the
president and Republicans some of them
can say whatever they want is terrible
he's doing a terrible job he's all
Democrats is several personally he's a
Republican his superiors are is a
Republican but more to the point we
don't really know what they're doing
there have been no leaks all we know
there's a certain number of people have
been indicted certain have been pleaded
guilty and we know court filings we will
find out how good a job or a better job
I think good but now they're doing when
they bring prosecutions when the when he
issues a report presumably later this
year or next year what is the
relationship between a report that comes
out to say it's on obstruction of
justice is done piecemeal by robert
mower sometime maybe late this was
almost springs on my stuff but let's say
by this summer right he comes out with a
report that talks about the presence of
obstruction of justice in this case what
would what does that say to the house is
there a natural order of things where
the house takes up that report holds
hearings on it or what well first of all
the statute under which Ken Starr
operated mandated that the special
prosecutor issuing report to Congress
the statute under which Muller operates
men date City issue report to the
Attorney General in this case the Deputy
Attorney General rod roses line it's
possible that he won't release that
report to Congress or to the American
people I think that that report should
be released and I think we would make
sure we would have the tools to make
sure it would be and then we'd have to
see what was in it and then presumably
we'd hold hearings and call witnesses
that to see how reliable that report was
how strong it was
and what else we should know before we
decided what actions of any to take
you're a constitutional lawyer as well
as an elected official for all these
years what do you
make of this fight that may be coming
more immediately where the President may
decide he will not accept the court
decision that he has to testify tomorrow
what would happen if well he can appeal
any such court decision but if
ultimately at the end of the appeals he
is instructed to to testify he must do
so he cannot simply defy the court
that's what Richard Nixon he at the end
of the day Richard Nixon decided he had
to obey the court order the President
must obey a court order or else or else
what have never been in that situation
where see Nixon what's an institution
actually we're in that situation what he
was told to do I'm sorry we were in that
situation once I believe with Andrew
Jackson we said John Marshalls made his
decision I let him enforce it but it's a
long time ago I think in today's world
if a president absolutely refused to
obey a court order then we'd have to
consider impeachment
well mr. Nadler god be with you you've
got a challenge faced but I I would hope
and trust that we'd never come to that
even with this president
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
