I mean I was Greg Gordon he's an
investigative reporter for McClatchy he
co-authored the story that the FBI is
looking at whether Russian money was
funneled through the NRA mr. Gordon
welcome to the show
Thank You Chuck all right let's just
tell me tell me who is Alexander tortion
Alexander Torstein is currently the
deputy governor of the Central Bank of
Russia so he's a top Russian banker he's
also reputed to be very close to the
President Putin and and some years ago
tor Sheen became a lifetime member of
the National Rifle Association Russia
has a ban on gun ownership first this is
an anomaly and I already is that Putin
doesn't want people in Russia buying
guns but so this is what really I think
has drawn a lot of the attention of the
intelligence agencies is okay so why did
tor she know I'd only become a lifetime
member of the NRA but he also formed a
gun rights group in Russia called the
right to bear arms and he put in charge
of this an interesting lady which we'll
come to in a minute and he came over
here to our could in our a conventions
that stopped when this controversy hit
wasn't it wasn't he's not at the current
convention to our knowledge and so
during these during the 2016 conference
in in Kentucky right he hooks up with
the president's son Donald Jr and
supposedly he wanted to set up a meeting
with the president and Putin but also he
wanted to meet the president personally
in a separate show is look this is
evidence of an attempt perhaps by the
Russians to make contact with the Trump
campaign and it's now the second at
least the second known contact between
Donald Trump jr. and somebody connected
to the Kremlin right given the the
infamous Trump Tower meeting back of
June of 2016 but does that say anything
other than the Russians were interested
in making nice with Putin
what is the evidence that takes it to
that next step that makes it suspicious
well what we learned from sources
familiar with the investigation by the
FBI which is on Russia working for Bob
Muller is that the Bureau is looking at
whether tor sheen want funneled money to
it would be careful we have to be very
careful with this right or there taurine
funneled money to the NRA to help Trump
win the presidency now where would this
money have come from because the NRA is
obviously the Democratic Senator Ron
Wyden released a letter where the NRA
claims that BAE that the sum total of
foreign money from Russian addresses was
two thousand five hundred twelve dollars
and 85 cents
that's a lot less than say 30 million
dollars right so okay so first of all if
Russia funneled money to the NRA they
didn't do it in an open way they're not
stupid if they've been doing
intelligence operations with with their
security service and so forth say that
theory of how it was done
well the NRA accepts dark money now
remember the Citizens United ruling
right so if money came to the NRA one
could presume that it might be in the
name of a an LLC a limited liability
corporation with an American address and
American being very difficult to pierce
what's behind those what's interesting
is that there is and I and I don't want
to insinuate anything too much here but
it's interesting that the operative who
made one of the approaches to the Trump
campaign gentleman named Paul Erickson
who was out in South Dakota and my
colleague partner Peter stone did some
great sleuthing on this Erickson wrote
an email trying to make a set up some
kind of a back-channel meeting between
Trump and Putin but he also set up an
LLC in South Dakota called bridges LLC
and when Peter got Ericsson on the phone
and asked
well what was this LLC for well he said
it was for postgraduate courses for
worried abou Tina the lady I referenced
before who took over the operations of
the Russian gun rights group right to
bear arms so suddenly this is the
potential go-between company with
American roots in South Dakota that may
have funneled money it's it's one way
one potential Avenue right and all right
say about this whole thing is that this
is this is a counterintelligence
operation whether we'll ever find out
what the FBI discovered is unclear but
the dynamic that is so interesting to me
you have Trump whose biggest donor was
the NRA he puts in a new FBI director
Chris Rea and one of the first things
he's confronted with his his
investigating Trump's biggest donor so
it's an interesting point one final
question you were one of the bylines
along with Peter stone on a pretty
blockbuster report a couple weeks ago
that other news organizations haven't
been able to match which is always one
of those things I know that as a
reporter you want to be first but then
you want to know that others have which
is this idea that Muller has proof that
Michael Cohen or has evidence of Michael
Cohen that was evidence excuse me
evidence that Michael Cohen indeed
travel to Prague summer long we are we
checked with our two sources will we
trust and they told us that we're happy
with the story so stand by you can stand
by it and of course we'll find out what
happens presumably and if Michael Cohen
ends up becoming the government witness
we might find out more great coordinate
McClatchy thank you so more thanks for
coming on appreciate you helping us out
with the story hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more beat the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube
right now
