at their base they go out and vote
they've got their money they've got a
mission and despite the declining
support the NRA is signaling absolutely
no change in its support for political
campaigns a watchdog group tallies how
much support members of Congress get
from the NRA and their data shows the
gun group has spent more than 7.7
million bucks alone just that much money
on Senator John McCain of Arizona
throughout his career that is more than
any other legislature it includes
campaign funding and ads attacking
opponents the next closest politicians
are North Carolina Senator Richard burr
at just shy of 7 million dollars and
Missouri senator roy blunt at four and a
half million bucks
North Carolina's other Senator Tom
Tillis with four point four million
dollars that's a lot of money in
Colorado's Cory Gardner with 3.8 million
in Florida Senator Marco Rubio
benefiting from just over three million
dollars in NRA spending something he has
taken a lot of criticism directly from
the Parkland kids for and it's not just
Congress Florida Governor Rick Scott
who's now running for Senate he enjoyed
an A+ rating from the NRA before
recently signing new gun legislation in
the wake of Parkland Vice President Mike
Pence well he's got an A rating after
loosening a number of laws when he was
governor of Indiana including
legislation allowing firearms to be kept
in vehicles on school grounds and in the
2016 election the NRA spent more than
wait for it thirty million dollars
supporting candidate Donald Trump part
of a record-breaking effort that took
place that year now the Federal Election
Commission is looking into donations
from Russian entities it is illegal to
use funds from foreign sources in a US
election the NRA said the money totaling
just over twenty five hundred dollars
came from 23 individuals living in
Russia most were dues and magazine
subscriptions that's not much but two
people made donations totaling more than
500 bucks
the NRA denies any of the funds were
used on campaigns but Oregon Senator Ron
Wyden he's looking to get more
information from the gun group relating
to Russian lawmaker Alexander tortion
this
man is an ally of Vladimir Putin and is
an NRA member Torsen is also on the list
of individuals sanctioned by the US
government in response to the
interference in the 2016 elections
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
