we're talking about potential campaign
finance violations but they're kind of
small potatoes
is that enough to go through the massive
raid that went down in Michael Cohen's
office his apartment his hotel I mean
this is the President of the United
States his personal attorney with the
Southern District of New York ghosts who
go through such an extravaganza of
embarrassment just for campaign finance
violations no and I don't think the raid
was premise Don bolstering any campaign
finance charge against Cohen or anybody
else I think the the Southern District
of New York is clearly investigating
serious crimes campaign finance
violations by the way can be serious
crimes and in connection by the way with
the one we're talking about I think that
what Rudy Giuliani did yesterday was not
only create a big mess but he put his
foot into the pot that suggests that the
campaign violation in question here may
have been willful and therefore a felony
but in any case I don't think I do think
the the role of the raid here was the
Giuliani probably knew that details
about this payment were likely to come
out as a result of the raid and
contradict pred the presidents and other
people's earlier statements so he wanted
to get out in public the fact that that
Cohen for example had been reimbursed so
he wanted to put it out there that hey
they lied about this they misrepresented
it so the sting couldn't come from the
Southern District of New York or Bob
Muller mid when I want to share what
Donny Deutsch said on Morning Joe
because Rudy Giuliani has been saying
about town this week I'm here to help
the president but he's also said I want
to help Michael Cohen and Donny George
spoke to Michael Cohen yesterday and I
want to share what Donny said I spoke
with Michael Kahn yesterday and his
court about Giuliani was just always
talking about he also said that look
there are two people that know exactly
what happened myself and the president
and you'll be hearing my side of the
story and he was obviously very
frustrated at what had come out
yesterday what do you make of that
Rudy thinks he's helping Michael well
that's a very interesting definition of
help typically if you are representing
someone if you are their attorney or you
are their advisor or you are their
consultant your job is not to make
things more difficult for that person
your job is to alleviate the problems
your job is to sort of get people away
from looking into the particular issue
and he hasn't done that in fact he has
made it worse and he has sort of exposed
Donald Trump as well as this
administration right I mean Sarah you
know has stood at that podium and denied
the fact that this payment was ever made
and what he has done by saying this is
exposed the fact that she is lying and
the president was lying when he said
that he knew nothing about the payment
listen he's hanging Sarah Sanders out to
dry saying I'm in lockstep with the
president Sarah puts herself out there
every day and has now been absolutely
exposed as a liar without the president
coming to her aid or Rudy Giuliani
coming to her but that's everyone who
works in this administration I do that
on a daily basis and they choose to do
it on a daily basis no one is forcing
them to do those jobs Jack I want to go
back to you for just a moment because
we're hearing all this from Giuliani he
says he couldn't be tighter with the
president yet nothing for Don McGann
nothing from emmet flood nothing from
Jay Sekulow now Daily Beast is reporting
that Trump and McGann are barely on
speaking terms but is it that Rudy's the
new face guy and those guys are doing
the work I think this was you know
concocted by the president and Rudy
Giuliani sitting together and making a
decision to go out and let him make this
statement and and I think it was a
disaster I mean this whole idea
Stephanie that they were that the that
this payment was made in order to deal
with personal problems family problems
because if it got out Melania and others
would be upset think about this for a
moment
the alleged affair took place ten years
before the 2016 election and yet six
weeks before the election they make a
decision that they've got to make this
payment in order that it not be revealed
is it conceivable that for ten year
they were unconcerned about this getting
out because of the effect it might have
on his wife Weir's stormy Daniels might
not have gotten anyone to care there
weren't there weren't many organism
Daniels did try to tell her story a
while ago and it didn't matter
well if Donald Trump had not run for
president do we think this payment would
have been made I sure don't I would
agree with that all right at least if
the president's actions and Michael
Cohen's actions were legal why wouldn't
go and leave with that that's the one
thing I don't get here everyone keeps
spinning it sitting just say I'm
absolutely innocent
those seems to be words that perhaps
they shy away from because they know
that's one that's one untruth they're
just not going to tell the only thing we
know for sure about this entire
controversy is that the president and
his surrogates have consistently lied
they have been all over the place when
addressing the scandal now I still find
it hard to fathom that Donald Trump
would actually repay any money he owed
to anyone if he could get away with not
paying especially as some that was
larger you never hear of people talking
about working at the Trump Organization
because their salaries were so great
you never hear people talking about how
Donald Trump is rushing to pay them he
this is part of the reason he has
trouble getting a great lawyer for his
team because he's known to run away from
all of his legal fees notorious over
decades in New York City so I still find
this all this story to be incredibly
difficult to believe Eddie back to this
idea that Rudy Giuliani says he's in
lockstep with the president they may be
but Sarah Sanders humiliated herself
yesterday we know Kellyanne Conway has
said before she knew nothing about the
payment while she was on the campaign
what is this doing to everyone there
well as you said is leaving them out to
dry or leaving hanging them out to dry
and we know that Donald Trump is loyal
only to Donald Trump even though he
demands loyalty from those who are who
are around him look yesterday Rudy
Giuliani turned the temperature up among
all the things he said he said in effect
that they paid the retainer to Michael
Cohen
because in effect stormy Daniels and her
then lawyer were engaged in an extortion
he actually used that word that they
were extorting him right so I know for a
fact that Michael avenatti is already
preparing that that second defamation
lawsuit is coming Trunks been knee-deep
in defamation suits and all that for
years did is there any credibility to
the idea that Rudy Giuliani putting this
stuff out there and taking the sting out
of what the findings the Southern
District might have absolutely not I
mean it to my mind I don't think he's
he's he's settled or settled that issue
at all in fact he turned up the heat
it's boiling right now and so part of
part of the the the the thing that we
have to deal with are it's the moral
consequence and the political
consequences and of course the legal
consequence I don't know much about is
the big one because if it's the
political consequence however people
feel about President Trump is locked in
and it's not changing if it's the moral
consequence people voted for President
Trump knowing he was morally
reprehensible and they were a ok with it
it's only the third leg that actually
matters yes Stephanie but the first to
suggest that we are in deep deep trouble
like we are deep Jack NBC has some
reporting that the feds may have been
monitoring Cohen's calls how unusual is
that and how unusual would it be if this
is just about campaign finance be highly
highly unusual if it were simply about
campaign finance they employed what's
called a pen register which is the
device that will record the numbers of
calls being made going out those devices
these days can typically also record the
numbers of calls coming in so in other
words they're not monitoring the actual
conversation but they are keeping track
of who's calling in and who's calling
and two what numbers the the target is
calling out maybe one what's your take
on all this well my take on this is if
this reporting is accurate that that was
probably what formed the basis for the
FBI to get this sort of known
ability to go into Cohen's offices and
raid them they probably were able to
provide that information that they got
from this monitoring to a judge in
effect to convince the judge that listen
we have reason to believe based upon
what we've observed that Michael Cohen
may destroy evidence and as a result we
cannot give him sort of advance warning
you know a regular subpoena that were
coming in to get the documents because
we believe even though he's an attorney
even though most of the documents in his
possession may be protected by
attorney-client privilege but the belief
that he may destroy these documents is
so high based on what we've we've heard
or what we've observed we need this
no-knock subpoena we need to be able to
go in and get policeman put your GOP hat
on how do Republicans read all this we
know Trump's base isn't going anywhere
but I mean the Republicans who you know
and love and have worked with for years
the base Trump supporters who aren't
going anywhere see it as a witch-hunt in
leadership
where's MIT when Mitch McConnell is
watching this he'd stayed away this
leadership is known for a while that
this is not getting better that's an
oxymoron if you're a leader what's
happened you look at how Mitch McConnell
has been handling the Senate Intel
committee's investigation and the
seriousness which with he has allowed
them to approach it and he has stayed
out he has kept his language muted I
think that the leadership by no question
I think we ought to stop calling it
leadership this is not leadership by any
stretch of the imagination if I tighten
it it just isn't it just remind us of
something remember at the end of the
election 2016 election we will worry
that Donald Trump was setting it up
setting up the public to deal a deal
Ajith amaizing of the Hillary Clinton if
she in fact he was setting it up so that
it's not just simply for Trump TV but
not to stoke as it MIT we were ready for
him to not accept the outline I mean
fighting it forever and it is not only
are they muddying the legal waters by
getting us to pay attention to seven
eight nine different things right he's
also dealer get amazing this and so part
of what he's going to say right if they
indict him this is a witch hunt the
stormtroopers quote-unquote
right are moving in he is setting this
up in a way that's going to be very very
dangerous for this country I think Maine
and storm you have to consider there are
all of these GOP primaries from you know
literally next week through August
September you have these primary battles
where let's hope that crazy the GOP
leadership doesn't want crazy candidate
to win out over someone who could
actually win in a general election but
who comes out votes the hardcore
supporters who think that this is all a
witch hunt so they are politically under
pressure to not say anything and to just
keep to this fine balancing act of
keeping trumpet bay hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
