Sara Eisen live at the New York Stock
Exchange sara mika this is a pretty good
report the big headline here 3.9% that
is our nation's unemployment rate and
that is the lowest rate since back in
december 2000 during the.com years as
far as the number of jobs added in the
month of April 164,000 so that is
actually a little light economists we're
looking for a number of about a hundred
and ninety five thousand jobs but still
it keeps pace with population growth and
points to a healthy and tightening labor
market in this country also one of it to
mention the wages number because we've
been looking for signs that wages are
starting to finally pick up they only
grew about four cents on the month so
that's 2.6 percent from where we were
last year it's decent it's solid wage
growth but it's actually lower than what
was expected economists wanted to see a
number like two point seven percent so
not quite spectacular wage growth but
therein lies the market reaction the
market loves this number stocks are
rallying here in the pre-market action
on this and the idea there is that it
points to an economy where jobs are
growing things are looking good three
point nine percent unemployment that's a
Wow number and yet not real signs of
inflation or overheating so the Federal
Reserve doesn't need to get super
aggressive when it comes to raising
interest rates and tightening policy and
that is why the market likes this number
also just wanted to mention the labor
force participation because I know you
guys like to look at that a little it
slipped a little bit a tenth of a
percent sixty two point eight that's the
share of the population in the labor
force almost sixty three percent of the
population so I'll continue to dig
through the numbers but for sure you're
gonna hear a lot about that three point
nine percent unemployment rate things
are certainly tightening as companies
continue to look and fill jobs the
question is and it's a bit of a mystery
why aren't they paying them more exactly
oh very good question CNBC is Sara Eisen
thank you thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up to date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
