the editorial board at The Wall Street
Journal is that with a new column this
morning entitled the stormy Daniels
damage and they write in part most
storms pass eventually this week Donald
Trump tried to ensure that stormy
Daniels doesn't rain down permanent
distraction on his presidency though at
the cost of further damage to his
credibility mr. Trump's public
deceptions are surely relevant to his
job as president and the attempted
cover-up has done greater harm than any
affair would have now as more of the
story is emerged he wants everyone to
believe a news story that he could have
told the first time mr. Trump is
compiling a record that increases a
likelihood that few will believe him
during a genuine crisis say a dispute
over speaking with the special counsel
robert muller or a nuclear showdown with
kim jeong-hoon
mr. Trump should worry that Americans
will stop believing anything he says
maybe here's the problem with that
sobering problem we if anybody filed the
first twenty minutes of this show they
would go this is a presidency in
freefall beyond comprehension yeah his
numbers who are up a few points and
they're still in low 40s but they're up
and whether that's of course of North
Korea words because his base plus a few
just are at this point are still not
buying obviously we'll see who comes out
with the indictments we'll see what
happens whereas Muller goes forward but
the kind of real tragedy in this is
beyond the presidency is the mirror
coming back that a huge part of this
country is just not paying attention
well and then there's the issue of Rudy
Giuliani Trump's chump and Sarah Sanders
and whether what what category do we put
her in is she another sort of sink event
that can't tell contain the president
can't say no mr. president I'm not going
to lie or how would you characterize
what we're seeing happening in these
press briefings which are important
because this is the White House going on
the record it is the White House's
statement or responding to questions and
giving the White House's take have we
ever actually gotten the White House's
take on
legitimate questions out of those press
briefings have we ever gotten any truth
out of them have they become to the
point where not only as she lost the
room but they've become null and void
well and that's the challenge for her
right now and for our country frankly
because let's not forget she's not just
there speaking on behalf of the
president she is speaking to the country
from the White House she is telling the
public lies when she goes out there
she's not just lying to the press core
we know Donald Trump has no problem
telling lies to the press core but she's
lying to the American public and I think
she needs to own that anyone whether it
be her or anyone that goes out there
because unfortunately whoever is going
to be at that podium is going to be in
the same exact position as Sarah Sanders
there's no way to get beyond that and it
is just so disturbing I've been someone
I've stood up for clients before I've
had to deal with certain uncomfortable
things but being ignorant or lying about
it it's just not an excuse no comment a
better option well I think not having
these what why not not have the
briefings if you're just going to lie
why bother
you know maybe we understandably talked
about this every day multiple times a
day because there's a just a literal
tsunami a fire hydrant of false
information coming from this White House
every day but it's larger than that and
the problem and the threat and the
danger is much larger than just the
White House and just us talking about it
it's what happens out in the country
dealing everyday people dealing every
day with the normalization the
normalization of lies and deception
coming from the President of the United
States and those who represent the
President of the United States and
people get used to it and people slowly
turn off and they hear and it doesn't
impact people and they end up not really
caring about the fact that the President
of the United States is a liar and that
people who represent him lie on a daily
basis this is this is how democracies
die slowly right in front of us every
single day deception and lies become
normal Mike I think it ones it's worse
than normal
it's becoming elevated if Donald Trump
continues to state offices exceed and if
Donald Trump wins the Nobel Peace Prize
not only we normalize lying we are
celebrating and saying ah that's the way
that that's the way to the top so it's
even scarier than normal is it and
that's why we stopped at moments like
dr. Bornstein the other day wherever it
you know it was sort of a laughable
thing the guy's a weird character and
all that no the president united states
dictated his own medical records he
invented his own medical records and
presented those as his own bill of
health we don't know of anything about
the president's health do you trust what
dr. Ronnie Jackson said from the podium
a couple of months ago now that we know
that the president dictated a letter to
dr. Borenstein so these things that fly
by and get buried they all add up to
something bigger and that's where we
stop and say no it's an outrage and a
scandal that you've dictated your own
health records maybe it doesn't sound
like a big deal to some people we don't
know if our president's healthy that's
just one more law by the way rue danger
that's the Stormtrooper play right
everything that Donald Trump has done so
many things starting with completely
bastardization of the truth let's go
look at stormtroopers they're not what
the FBI is doing as far as reading new
Harvard professors wrote the book how
democracies die everybody should read it
everybody should also get former
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright's
book fascism a warning we're gonna have
more on the extra subpoenas by Muller we
have so much coming still on Morning Joe
still ahead a group of House Republicans
have nominated President Trump for a
Nobel Prize for his work to ease
tensions with North Korea but could the
real driver for the Korean date on to
actually be kim jeong-hoon david
ignatius joins us next for that thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
