he began this morning with stunning
admissions new excuses and no warning
the New York Times says that the past
few days suggest a president losing
control of his narrative quote as of
this week it turns out the statement
about his health was not actually from
Trump's doctor but had been dictated by
mr. Trump himself that the president has
split with the leaders of his legal team
and hired the same new lawyer he denied
recruiting and that mr. Trump himself
had financed the one hundred and thirty
thousand dollar payment intended to buy
the silence of the actress known as
stormy Daniels a porn star the
Washington Post reports that when Rudy
Giuliani went on national television
Wednesday night and said the President
had funneled money to Michael Cohen for
the cost of the porn stars
non-disclosure agreement quote neither
White House Counsel Don Magan nor Emmett
flood the White House attorney recently
hired to handle the Russia investigation
knew that Trump had reimbursed Cohen
before Giuliani revealed it according to
a source familiar with their thinking
adding that the communications and media
staff run by press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders did not book Giuliani's
appearance on hannity show on Fox and
were not involved in helping him
strategized his talking points Trump
surrounded by faith leaders at
yesterday's National Day of Prayer event
ignored questions and left Sanders to
face the press you explained why the
president might spoke when he asked you
any questions reporters
fusing scale about to $132,000 aim for
microphone 2
she cheats on the games why the
president was not truthful with the
American people and with the people mr.
as Mayor Giuliani stated and I'll refer
you back to his comments this was
information that the president didn't
know at the time but eventually learned
when did you specifically know that the
president repaid mr. Cohen for the
$130,000 you personally the first
awareness I had was during the interview
last night I think it's fair to ask at
this point Donny Deutsch if you're
working for a major company and you are
hired to represent it your company is
and they've given you bad information
one time two times three times and
you've put yourself out there and you've
had to sort of recant or dance around it
at what point do you leave the company
at what point do you realize your brand
or the company itself is being hurt and
you can't help it well we have a list of
about 30 people that you put up last
week on the show that have left what
would you do if this was like a big car
company well the car well obviously you
you part ways I mean you can't if you
don't really trust look we've talked a
lot about Donald Trump's lack of
management style the Giuliani thing is
interesting we forget excuse me how you
know during the campaign Giuliani was
unhinged I mean if we if you showed
clips of him during the campaign there
was a reason he didn't have got hired
for all the jobs that he wanted to I
spoke with Michael Kohn yesterday and
his court about Giuliani wasn't always
talking about he also said that look
there are two people but know exactly
what happened myself and the president
and you'll be hearing my side of the
story and he was obviously very
frustrated at what had come out
yesterday but Giuliani the one other
management stupid stupid stupid stupid
thing Trump does I was a material guy
like Trump as a CEO and I surrounded
myself with tempered people the last
thing I was ever gonna do was double and
triple down and what Trump does and
probably the way truly and I got there
in the first place one day he was
probably pissed my lawyers are not
truffula did Julianna get me on the
phone he'll do it and that's the thought
that goes through it and now we're
starting to see the
they do in the collateral damage one of
one of the the sidebars of this story is
the arrival on the scene of Emmet flood
Emmet flood is a highly respected
defense attorney in Washington DC he has
a resume the unmatched by anyone else
who has been representing the president
in this case so he's in there now he's
got to have a tremendous fear of the
freelancing that is going on within the
White House between the President and
Rudy Giuliani and Jonathan Turley let me
ask you I was once told by one of the
best defense lawyers in this country
that his principal obligation to his
client any client was to take the
clients story and make it just a little
bit better in an open courtroom what has
happened in your view legally to Rudy
Giuliani's attempt to make the
president's story whatever he tried to
make it the other night on TV what what
legal peril does that put the president
in that he wasn't in krietor Rudy
Giuliani's appearance oh I believe that
Giuliani did serious harm to this case I
also find it astonishing if it's true
that flood was not told about this in
advance I have to say I've severed
clients for less I mean that you you
know your client either has to listen to
your advice and has to coordinate these
types of statements or you don't have a
client yeah you just have a relationship
so there's a very troubling aspect to
this what Giuliani did was exceptionally
unwise you know what he said really
didn't materially advance the
president's case changing something from
a gift to a loan does not get you out of
campaign finance violations in fact it
trips a bunch of other wires and I think
part of the problem is just looking at
Giuliani in this interview we've all
been there many of us have been lead
counsels in high-profile cases and when
he first went on Fox I thought wow you
are way too comfortable I mean maybe it
was the forum but this sort of informal
back-and-forth where you're trying to
change a narrative is very very
dangerous and the time for the president
is facts are not endlessly flexible you
can't
continually change those facts unless
you were just making your pitch to the
public and not trying to maintain a
legal position well I'll just tell you
that during the transition Donald Trump
told both Jo and me that Giuliani was a
little out of it was kind of losing it
and would fall asleep at me I'm just you
could see it yeah it's what he told us
and I don't know if it played into why
he didn't become Secretary of State we
certainly openly lobbied on the air for
that not to happen because we also
thought there was something different
with him what's interesting is this is
not Rudy Giuliani gone rogue this is
Rudy Giuliani with the president's
blessing otherwise it would have ended
after the Hannity appearance now he's
went out again and again including
talking late last night to NBC News
Giuliani told NBC he made the admission
after being told about documents that
show proof of the payment to Michael
Cohen from the president Giuliani a
former US attorney accused law
enforcement in the office that he once
led of playing dirty saying I wanted to
get out in front of the special counsel
in the Southern District of New York
because at some point they would realize
this information and leaked it Giuliani
said I don't think the president
realized he paid Cohen back for that
specific thing until we made him aware
of the paperwork according to Giuliani
the president responded oh my goodness I
guess that's what it was for that's a
quote from Rudy Giuliani to NBC News he
also spoke about serving as Trump's
lawyer saying you're not going to see
daylight between the president and me
we're going to work hard to have a
consistent strategy as for that strategy
while Giuliani insisted the revelation
of the secret payments was to prove that
Trump and Michael Cohen did not violate
campaign finance laws he ended up
managing to tie the revelation directly
back to the 2016 campaign imagine if
that came out on October 15th 2016
a little of the you know last debate
with Hillary Clinton making it go away
they they made this whole he didn't even
ask Cohen did Cohen made it go away he
did his job
so Jonathan turn on I mean Jonathan
Turley
the campaign finances it was a
one-question as you say that has not
gone away
contrary to what Giuliani and the
president believe they did on Hannity
and on Fox and Friends yesterday but
what about that piece of it right there
isn't that an admission that this was a
campaign contribution to make it go away
well that's why this is so painful to
watch I mean look I don't I don't
lawyer should have no daylight between
himself and his client but you're
supposed to have the client walk closer
to you you're not supposed to just
simply be taking the clients rhetorical
flourishes all of these comments seem
directed at the public at a time when
you need to direct them at the
prosecutors all these threats you know
saying that you're gonna have the mother
of all trials type of threats really are
not going to have any impact on these
prosecutors their blood pressure's not
going to raise at a rise at all you know
there's a story out that Moeller just
you know took a box of subpoenas from
the Alexandria courthouse I'm going to
go out on the line and say that's not a
good thing
you know when the prosecutors are
getting subpoenas by the grouse it
indicates that all this rhetoric all
these threats all this chest pounding it
might play well with the president maybe
some people in the public it's not gonna
have any impact on the prosecutors
except to push them further along the
road of a confrontational approach and
what I don't understand by the way is
the endgame here what happens if you
succeed in this and he hits you with a
subpoena at the end of that road is an
appearance and a grand jury without
counsel is there anything more
frightening than that idea of the
president going into a grand jury
without counsel this is illegal DUI
about how despicable Giuliani is
comparing the FBI just Nazi stormtrooper
that's to that point
thank you Donny thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
