this morning rudy guiliani had a few
things to say about my next guest so i
i'm michael avenatti who represent
stormy Daniels - he wants to be to get a
TV show or something he said he watched
your interview when he said this TV show
he could get his you know well yeah well
yeah so he's trying to make up for what
he thinks you know try to make my
hundred turned out when you look at it
they figured they should have gotten a
lot more than a hundred thirty-five
thousand for should be in the in the
seven figures and this guy watched is he
gonna give up his 1/3 of it I doubt it
okay I'm he's gonna take that money and
you know jump in the next ambulance is
now
Michael avenatti attorney for stormy
Daniels any reaction to Rudy Giuliani
explain you know Lawrence the only
ambulance that I have ever chased in my
nearly 18 year legal career is the one
that I'm chasing right now driven by
Rudy Giuliani and that's the ambulance
trying to save this presidency that is
about to be announced do a you know I
take it look what we're doing a hell of
a job and the best evidence of that is
that I've got Rudy Giuliani and other
people now calling us names calling me
an ambulance chaser and the reason is
because they can't deal with the facts
and the evidence and the reality of the
situation that they have been caught
lying to the American people the
president has been caught on Air Force
One lying to the American people Michael
Cohen is about to be indicted and he's
been caught lying to the American people
so you know what I hope they keep
calling me an ambulance chaser because
it just proves my point that we're doing
a hell of a job I want to go to
something Michael Isikoff just said at
the end of that previous segment where
he said what if there was communication
with stormy Daniels with stormy Daniels
counsel about settling getting this
hundred and thirty thousand dollar
settlement done when it was done because
of the timing of the campaign are you
aware of any communication with your
client or your clients counsel in
October of 2016 as they were closing
this settlement agreement that in that
involved the timing of the campaign you
know our case has been pending almost
two months and I've made a lot of TV
appearances and I've gone on a lot of
shows and I've been interviewed a lot of
times and a lot of people have come in
and on that I've never been asked this
question and it's perhaps one of the
most important questions and I'm gonna
answer it right now
there were extensive communications
between Michael Cohen and Keith Davidson
in October of 2016 relating to the
timing of this payment and the need for
the payment to be made prior to the
election extensive communications
relating to the need for the payment to
be made when it was made and as it
related to potential influence on the
election period at Keith Davidson was
then stormy Daniels lawyer correct
everyone involved in this transaction
around the time knew the importance of
the payment as it related to the
election so any claim that the payment
had nothing to do with the election is
completely bogus there's no question it
had everything to do with the election
based on what you know do you expect
that in the FBI read one of the things
they're gonna find in emails or other
communications systems that they have
seized do you think they will actually
find some of the communication at least
between Michael Cohen and stormy Daniels
lawyer at the time saying this timing is
about the campaign I believe that they
will find that and I hope and pray that
the reports of Michael Cohen recording
conversations with other parties
unbeknownst to them are true because if
he recorded conversations with Keith
Davidson in the month of October of 2016
relating to this negotiation there will
be no question no question as to whether
this was done in an attempt to influence
the 2016 presidential election Lawrence
so if if Keith Davidson the other lawyer
in the in this case representing stormy
Daniels is called to testify about this
stormy Daniels can release the
attorney-client privilege that Keith
Davidson would otherwise be held by and
he can be allowed to answer questions
about exactly what Michael Cohen said
that
correct depending on what the question
is and depending on whether the
privilege has been waived etc and as
I've said in the past we're going to
cooperate we are cooperating with the US
Attorney's Office in the Southern
District of New York in connection with
their investigation but Lawrence I want
to be really clear there was never any
question that this had everything to do
with the 2016 presidential election and
any claim that it was just a coincidence
or the timing doesn't prove or doesn't
amount to proof that this had something
to do with the election is complete and
utter nonsense well this this completely
wipes out what Rudy Giuliani was trying
to say today even though when he was
trying to say it he himself got it wrong
saying imagine imagine what would happen
if this had come out in October of 2016
and what you're telling us tonight is
that there was a hyper awareness on
Michael cones part that his job the job
he was trying to do was make sure this
story was hidden during the presidential
campaign in order to benefit the
president there's no question about that
and look you know Rudy Giuliani at one
time was a really good lawyer at one
time was a really good mayor he's no
longer ready for primetime yeah I mean
he's been out of it since 1988 in terms
of lawyering anyway but I just need to
this really is a breaking news event
here with you telling us that you are
aware I just want to make sure we've got
this straight you are aware of clear and
convincing evidence that Michael Cohen
was communicating with stormy Daniels
lawyer at the time about the urgency of
getting this settlement in this payment
done in October of 2016 because it
needed to be done because of the
presidential campaign yes that's it
Michael Cohen has added now a completely
new dimension to this story this is
going to be fascinating to see how the
Trump legal team responds to this
because this makes everything that one
could ask for in terms of the elements
necessary to define this as a campaign
contribution absolutely Lawrence and if
the president is watching if if you'd
like to go on Fox and Friends tomorrow
morning together with mr. Giuliani I
would encourage you to do that please
spend a lot of time there
we certainly would appreciate it it's
gonna be fascinating to see what their
answer is to this Michael avenatti thank
you very much thank you and thank you
for this
breaking news that you've just created
here really appreciate we're back now
with more on the breaking news that
Michael haven√µt he just created right
here on this program when he said that
he has extensive evidence that the
timing of the payment to stormy Daniels
in October of 2016 was based on the
presidential campaign and that Michael
Cohen communicated that directly to
stormy Daniels lawyer at the time
joining our legal discussion now with
reaction to this Harry Lippmann a former
US attorney and Deputy Assistant
Attorney General under President Clinton
and back with us Barbara McQuade and
Michael avenatti is back with us and and
Michael I just wanted you repeat we have
two former federal prosecutors here
repeat what you know about the evidence
of the motivation for the timing of the
payment Michael Cohen and Donald Trump's
motivation for the timing of the payment
there were extensive discussions in
October of 2016 when this was being
negotiated relating to the fact that the
payment had to be made prior to or in it
well in advance of the presidential
election the 2016 presidential election
so this whole idea that the payment had
nothing to do with the timing associated
with the election or happened to just be
a coincidence is completely bogus
everybody and their brother knew it had
everything to do with the election it
had everything to do with making sure
nothing was disclosed prior to the
election it had everything to do with
the payment and the receipt of the money
prior to the election period harry
Lippmann I have every confidence that we
are going to see that evidence as a
product of the FBI raid or otherwise
because based on the way I've seen
Michael avenatti conduct himself in this
case I have every reason to believe that
what he's saying is true what is what is
this evidence when and if revealed what
does it do to the claim that this was
not a campaign finance violation you
know it blows it out of the water the
first thing it does is bring Cohen
himself I joy
Steff toward a campaign finance
violation and puts the lie to his claim
that this was just a sort of favor for a
friend and he was concerned about the
effect on his wife but now you add into
that what Giuliani said yesterday which
basically you know he was trying to do a
delicate dance but he is no Fred Astaire
and the the implications of what he said
is to make Trump much more likely to be
aware of what was going on with the
payments and that means if they were if
there is strong evidence that they were
to influence the campaign that brings
Trump a giant step toward co-conspirator
liability for the the very same crimes a
bribe McQuaid your reaction as a former
prosecutor what you've heard Michael
avenatti say tonight that there will be
revealed he has he's aware of evidence
that Michael Cohen
and stormy Daniels lawyer at the time
participated in discussions about how
important the timing of the payment was
for the Trump presidential campaign well
I think it's very significant because I
think one of the things you'd have to
prove is that the payment was designed
to influence the election that's why it
was a campaign finance violation and not
for some other purpose and getting it
done before the election suggests that
that was the very purpose you know that
statement is consistent with other
things we know the timing just on its
face suggested some suspicions there but
the comments by Rudy Giuliani about you
couldn't have this revealed you know on
the eve of the debate on the eve of the
election how would that be used against
President Trump especially after the
release of the excess hollywood tape and
so I think this is substantial evidence
that would show that this was indeed a
campaign finance a payment that was made
as opposed to a payment for some other
purpose I don't know that we'll see this
evidence anytime soon you don't
ordinarily get to see the evidence that
comes out of a search warrant but no
doubt at some point the prosecutors will
have this information and can utilize it
to build a charge against Michael Cohen
or as Harry said perhaps
even against President Trump himself
well let let us remember that we're not
necessarily only talking about the
evidence from the search warrant because
I am her subsequent counsel so in
connection with my role is for
subsequent counsel I have undertaken
efforts to obtain all communications and
documents relating to mr. Davidson's
prior representation of my client now we
haven't received everything yet but
we've received a lot of information I've
also had communications with various
individuals relating to that
representation so when I make these
statements this isn't just me out there
hanging it out Allah you know I'm not
pulling a Giuliani okay I'm pulling in
avenatti you pull in avenatti you
actually have facts of evidence to back
up what you state as opposed to some
nonsense that you go out on Fox and try
to peddle to the American people so
let's be clear I'm pulling in avenatti
and when you do that you actually have a
factual basis and evidence to back up
your statements and just for the
audience's understanding you touched on
this but when a lawyer takes over a case
from another lawyers but especially in
the civil matter one of the routines is
just handing over the case file is very
routine for the former lawyer to say
here here's everything we have on it so
the likelihood of you having a lot or
most of this already of the evidence
that you're talking about is actually
very high you you wouldn't necessarily
as you say be dependent on the fruits of
that FBI read correct 100% and I Harry
given that we that there are the two
tracks here that we can never forget
about Michael a vanadis own ability to
exact discovery in a variety of
directions about this and knowing that
the FBI raid has also probably collected
some evidence to these of to the effect
that Michael ebonite is talking about
here tonight where does Rudy Guiliani go
now
the next time he wants to say this
timing was coincidental although the
next time anybody on that team wants to
say the timing had nothing to do with
the campaign yeah I you know and really
what he's trying to do this sort of
two-step dance because he's worried also
about exposure in the stormy Daniels
case but what he has managed to do
as best I can tell is increase the
president's exposure on both sides
because with this sort of added gloss
that oh but the president really didn't
know he did know but he didn't know that
makes is precarious for having the
president having defrauded the stormy
Daniels and and walks into a vanadis
claims right there you know it looks
like there's a scenario where he gets
the but of the worst of both worlds I do
want to add you know this has not
typically been something that's been
vigorously prosecuted by the FEC and I
think Michael Isikoff mentioned the
difficulty with the Edwards case but
this when you tie this all together it
begins to look so nefarious it's less
the underlying campaign finance
violation than all the machination z--
to really keep it from the American
people that really does seem to make the
case seem you know righteous and
prosecution worthy how long have you
been in possession of evidence
indicating the motivation for this
timing a while okay
a wild Mike 11 Adi gets the last word in
this segment thank you very much for
joining us Michael really appreciate it
barbara mcquade thank you for joining us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
