and Hannity last night rudy guiliani
called robert mowers probe a garbage
invest investigation
Giuliani also warned of one person mower
should avoid at all costs now I think if
they do do Ivanka which I doubt they
will it's the whole country of turn on
they're going after his daughter what
about his son-in-law they've talked
about him I guess I read is a fine man
you know that but men are you know
disposable but a fine woman like Ivanka
come on
anyway let's bring in the hard ball
around say bonito Kumar's what else
correspondent for McClatchy Francesca
Chambers's what else car spun off the
Daily Mail now it rhymes at MSNBC and
NBC News analyst I thought it was a
behind man rock talk about the brothers
you know they're small potatoes like I
forget Jared just forget Jared oh now
Ivanka don't touch her what did you make
it a disposable ouch that was really
rough I mean remember that nobody mean
the daughter versus the son-in-law
I guess male-female but let's remember
that Jared Kushner has his star has
dimmed over time I mean he used to be
out front doing prison reform now
president reformed he's still doing
Middle East peace we haven't seen him
nearly as much he was out front in the
public eye all sorts of times last year
and now not so much
well the Washington Post reports
excitedly about whether they have dinner
of different places like that the new
Israeli restaurant somewhere they've
talking it up anyway Franchesca well I
would also agree that it's the boss's
daughter
but if I were Jared Kushner I would be
very concerned by that term when you
have the president's lawyers saying that
you're disposable as you head into this
case where you're looking at this this
Russia Pro but also the Trump Tower
meaning where the son-in-law was there
the this the the son of the president
was there and then Paul Manafort so we
know what happened to Paul Manafort and
we sure as heck know what happened to
Steve Bannon that leaves Jared Acharya
kind of hanging there by the way all the
Romanovs died together Howard so I'm not
sure that was I just don't think it's a
privileged position nor water nor am I
gonna make a joke about Jared Kushner
studying deciding to study prison reform
right now okay okay I mean like he might
need it
go on I don't have all right well what
should we talk about rudy giuliani I've
covered when he was Missy bringing light
or he no he's he's well since you
mentioned Hyman Roth is kind of like in
the Catskills they have a guy called a
tumbler whose job it is to stir things
up and mix things up that's what I do
get out ahead of the parade but there's
a serious point there that Rudy's making
basically what he's doing is the lowball
strategy of going after the legitimacy
of the entire investigation and that's
what they're reduced to now as the
investigations gets closer to Don junior
and Jared and and Michael Cohen the
people truly in the inner circle with
Donald Trump Donald Trump's feeling the
heat and the only answer he's going to
have is to somehow try to discredit
legally or constitutionally the entire
investigation Rudy's the rough version
of that message talking about storm
troopers and so forth but you're gonna
hear that consistent shock from here on
Franchesca yeah why they're bringing
down the bringing down the whole level
it is like a beat-up old car trash it
into a new car you know combing it I
mean wow it looks like a new car bring
this yeah this jalopy Giuliani and he
goes charging into the new car metaphor
city this is what the president has been
doing this entire time trying to
undermine James commis credibility we
saw him start to move in that territory
with the special counsel earlier this
year and now he's sending in Rudy
Giuliani
he calls boo Comey perverted I can't
even figure that one out
you're acting as if he was first choice
let's not forget how many attorneys
already turned down Donald Trump this is
the guy he got it's a guy that's really
liked himself but this is a guy who he
he tried to join the administration he
was turned down Ferns
turned out to be pretty good job he
didn't get the job offers right he
didn't get the job offers Donald Trump
wanted another attorney and he got rid
of Giuliana I think he picked somebody
like himself powered you know I think
that's I think that's right I think
that's exactly wild man in some ways in
some ways Rudy Rudy Giuliani makes
Donald Trump look demure I mean right
now that's his job his out his job is to
go out there and call the names
pervert
Stormtrooper etc that even Donald Trump
is hesitant wise the New York Times
points out mr. Giuliani has historically
been something of a loose cannon
who's not used to having his words
carefully managed anyway this whole
question of what Giuliani been able to
win on this basic charge today which is
it wasn't a campaign violation it was
the boss paying his client and paying
his lawyer $130,000 on this sly say
wouldn't have to admit the fact he had
the relationship with that woman store
McDaniel and he talked to us the way
they explain it now yeah but if you talk
to campaign finance experts they say
that he opened up a whole you know he
opened a puts the violation its if it
benefited him during the campaign so
it's not about campaign candidates
allowed to give only once to a camp if
it benefited that's important yes the
reported incident Trump did not that's
not
I've been in this business a long time
those kind of stories made made page 55
or if it doesn't they don't rebut he's
what he was doing what she wanted what
Rudy was alone Rudy was doing last night
yeah was taken I've talked to people
close to this thing is to take pressure
off Michael Cohen about Michael Cohen
flipping if it had just been Michael
Cohen's money it's Michael Cohen who
would have been exposed so this is like
a house where there's fire breaking out
everywhere they wanted to tamp out the
Michael Cohen fire and keep Michael
Cohen on board in the process of keeping
Michael Cohen on board they put Trump in
jeopardy for what I agree is not going
to be the thing that brings them down
one way or they actually think the Comey
thing is just as important this is
people are saying obstruction of justice
is that obstructed justice why did he
fire James Comey and he said it was
because he wouldn't that's wasn't clear
and publicly of being a target he did
clear him privately of being at all
right but he said even Hillary Clinton
get mad so if he's changing X but yeah
by changing explanations are very
problematic for the White House in terms
of why and then we heard Sarah Sanders
say today and I know this was played
earlier but this is really extraordinary
that he doesn't have to have any
justification whatsoever and he has the
right to fire and hire anybody for any
reason than he wants to essentially and
so that's definitely something that I
would have so much that she's just
working the reps because two things she
said in the last just this morning on
Fox and Friends first of all he said
this thing's going to be over with he
said that
you know basically it's coming over with
he said that there's no collusion
well there is collusion we just heard
from Michael computed they really
believe there's stuff there and that
just saying these what does he say step
why does Julie and I just say these
conclusive remarks because he's playing
the the loose cannon bad cop call it
what you will I set up to set up
whatever whatever negotiations are gonna
be but I'll tell you this politically I
think Donald Trump's willing to take the
risk that if they try to impeach him or
indict him for firing Comey that
politically that will be a winner for
him he's willing to take that risk and
that's why they're going after Comey
hammer and tong every day the book the
money the the name-calling or all of
that stuff because if that is Bob
Muller's chief example of obstruction of
justice I think you're onto something
guys Muller knows that I think that's
the story
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
