in turn of events represents an apparent
effort to protect Michael Cohen and
Trump from a campaign violation
according to Washington Post the
president's lawyer been discussing the
new strategy for weeks three people for
me with the conversation tell the posted
Giuliani and Trump have talked through a
thicket of legal issues facing the
president beyond the Russian
investigation and decided that it would
be best to try to explain why Trump and
Cohen acted as they did and explained
their business relationship the people
said for more I'm joined by Michael
avenatti attorney for stormy Daniels
Kati Fang and MSNBC legal analyst and
Robert Kosta national political reporter
for The Washington Post and an MSNBC
political analyst Robert let me start
with you when the politics Wyatt all of
a sudden they're opening up their
pockets and their secrets and Trump is
saying through Giuliani yeah I paid the
130 I was behind the payment talk to
Mayor Giuliani around midnight last
night and again today he is working
closely with the president in an
isolated way and not talking to White
House staff or other lawyers were a part
of the White House he is talking other
members of the legal team on the outside
and they're trying to come up with a way
of addressing the stormy Daniels issue
and the Giuliani believes that could
become a campaign finance debate at some
point a real controversy for the
president and he decided with the
president's blessing he said to get out
in front of it with his comments on Fox
News so as long as it looked like or the
public story coming from the White House
and Cohen was that he Cohen paid the 130
got it out of his home equity loan or
whatever as long as that story was out
there he then Cohen could be charged
with a campaign violation of exceeding
the 2,700 limit of what she can give to
a candidate by giving $130,000 to keep a
story quite a week before an election is
that it they didn't want it to be a
campaign violation story said I'd rather
have Trump come out basically admitting
he had the affair in effect by saying I
admit to having paid the money they keep
her quiet
hey critics of the president and critics
of the mayor Giuliani's explanation say
he's spinning and he's trying to get out
in front of the issue before it becomes
a possible criminal issue or legal issue
with the Federal Election Commission
Giuliani's perspective is that heat the
president did nothing wrong because he
paid Michael Cohen
through these retainers and however
Michael Cohen decided to use the
retainer was appropriate but the study
of that kind of position will certainly
come under scrutiny in the coming months
let me go to my carbon Nadi and ask you
about this I know you're involved in its
and tell me but I want you answer the
first question which is it looks to me
like as a former top aide to an in
Council arey type with the president
said you know everybody thinks he had
the relationship the sexual relations
with your client everybody believes he
paid her so why not just admit it well
they should have admitted it some time
ago Chris I mean here's the problem with
this newfound strategy that we're seeing
play out of the last 24 hours I mean
that may have worked three months ago
but a lot of waters gone under the
bridge you now have all of these
statements by Michael Cohen Michael
Cohen's attorney David Schwartz you have
statements by the White House
spokesperson you've got statements by
the President on Air Force one I mean
it's a little too late to put the genie
back in the bottle the bottom line is
the American people have been outright
lied to over the last few months
relating to this payment relating to the
agreement and what the president knew
and what he knew it and and frankly I
don't believe the most recent
explanation and all of the additional
details now that mr. Giuliani has spewed
about over the last eight hours or so on
on various stations I just don't and
this is why we need a deposition of the
president and Michael Cohen where people
have to raise their right hand and be
sworn in and provide definitive answers
to exactly what happened here and until
that happens we're not gonna stop what
do you think will come of a deposition
of a discovery when if we thought when
you got the present under oath will he
admit do you believe he will admit under
oath that he was attending to pay that
$130,000 from the beginning or what what
do you think he'll say because this as
you pointed from once they lied
well they said he didn't intend to pay
the money it was all going to be covered
by by Michael Cowan he was somehow gonna
get the money from a home equity loan or
something and now they switched their
story 180 overnight with sean hannity
listening what's the truth that you
expect to hear in a deposition under
oath I think I would hope that we'd get
to the truth and I think the truth is
going to be that the president knew
about this all along and had my
Koen negotiate the agreement and make
the 130-thousand our payment Chris I
just want to ask a very simple make
sense by the way because anybody that
finds themself a Trump is notorious for
not paying his bills well exactly and he
tells them you got to pay a bill for 130
not covered in the short term but you're
gonna write the check later he would
notice that well and he would hate doing
it but he would probably do it and I
think you're absolutely right but look I
think that that I have a very simple
question if this 130 thousand dollar
reimbursement if there was nothing wrong
with it and it was all aboveboard and it
was not done in an effort to circumvent
campaign finance laws or money
laundering laws or bank fraud laws or
other laws then why wasn't the hundred
and thirty thousand dollar reimbursement
payment just made by in one fell swoop
by one payment by check or wire transfer
why all of this nonsense with these
bogus legal bills and structuring the
payment over many months it just doesn't
make sense Chris it doesn't pass the
smell with you why did it need be
offshore they create that LLC so they
could somehow hide the money through
there of course right if it was totally
legit why didn't they act legit anyway
Julian this morning all but admitted
that the hush money was paid to avoid an
election eve skin in other words there
was an implicit campaign expenditure
right let's watch imagine if that came
out on October 15th 2016 in a little of
the you know last debate with Hillary
Clinton making it all away they they
made this whole he didn't even ask Cohen
did it Cohen made it go away he did his
job
let me gotta candy Fang guy Katie yeah
we keep asking about the whether there's
a campaign violation when it looked like
Michael Cohen made the payment now it's
clear they're all saying the Trump was
the ultimate payee or the payor what do
you make of the legal situation now so
Giuliani as a spokesperson for President
Trump has now said that structured
payments were funneled through law firms
and I think that that is evidence of
trumps consciousness of guilt but from a
campaign finance standpoint the timing
has always been crucial and Chris I've
always said that it's all in the timing
why pay off stormy Daniels right before
the presidential election and you don't
even have to call this circumstantial
evidence
of the fact that this was intended to
influence the outcome of the election
you just heard Giuliani through his own
words as the mouthpiece for Donald Trump
admits that if it come out
in the middle of an October 15 2016
debate it would have tanked him where do
you think Giuliani's lost it I mean why
would he admit the very charge against
it which is this is a campaign
contribution aimed at stirring and
steering the election in one direction
rather than other clearly it went in one
direction because we didn't know about
it it would have gone Hillary Clinton
would probably have won if the word came
out of this think of this thing a few
days before he likes the Giuliani's
caught in bed with it
where they what a porn star and he tried
to pay her over the 130 thousand bucks
I just don't think all those voters that
went for him marginally would have going
that way had they heard it listen you
have your extreme voting population that
just doesn't care which is why it always
puzzles me that Trump has just not
admitted to this I have a theory that
there is an exceptional cheat clause
with his prenuptial agreement that he
has with a belonging a Trump that's part
of it one and two the crazy thing is 120
you're just saying are you saying you're
saying you honestly believe he's got
this sort of an exceptional clause here
for extra marital buffet affairs you're
saying that based upon what that is not
uncommon number one nobody would know
based upon what are you charging that
about Giuliani I mean about Trump
because why has he already admitted to
other bad acts of conduct in a sexual
nature with other people but he refuses
to acknowledge this one with stormy
Daniels and the thing is if you listen
to the Trump tweet this morning What did
he say about the NDA that he entered
into with stormy dances he says it was
to stop the false and extortionist
attack is the jury watching to put that
aside because we don't have any idea
that what the motive was for that anyway
while defending the hush payment which
she did Rudy Giuliani accused federal
investigators from the Southern District
of New York of acting like stormtroopers
well that's objectionable let's watch
him say that I was talking about the
hundred thirty
they'll payment by his settlement
payment which is a very regular thing
for lawyers to do the question there was
the only possible violation there would
be was it a campaign finance violation
but usually would result in a fine by
the way not this big
stormtroopers coming in and breaking
down his apartment and breaking out his
office
Michael that's a former prosecutor
talking stormtroopers and allusion to
the Nazis press limits let me tell you I
used to have a lot of respect for Rudy
Giuliani I think he showed some
significant leadership around 9/11 but
that this guy's lost it he's no longer
ready for primetime he doesn't even know
what the law is by the way as it relates
to campaign finance law you asked why
would he admit it I'll tell you why he
admitted it because he doesn't
understand what he's admitting Judy Rudy
Giuliani thinks the only way you can
have a campaign finance violation is if
you use campaign funds to pay the
hundred and thirty thousand dollars and
anybody knows anything about campaign
finance law knows that's not true and
your points a good one this guy is a
former prosecutor US Attorney for the
Southern District of New York and he's
going to demean the men and women of the
FBI by calling them storm troopers and
making Nazi references it's an outrage
to the people that wear the badge that
put their lives on the line day in and
day out for our safety Chris and he
should be embarrassed by his comments
furthermore Michael Cohen complimented
the FBI as it related to how they
handled the search warrants and how
professional they were so these guys are
desperate you know they're out there
calling me an ambulance chaser calling
the FBI stormtroopers they better get
back to the facts because they're in a
lot of trouble what was the attack on
the institution of the FBI by the way
they could I think had a lot to do with
this Robert cost I got to go to you on
that it seems to me that Rudy's making a
mistake of going after the institution
of the FBI and when in fact I think that
had a lot to do with the stimulus if you
will for four come--and mower to get
there this whole thing going to
investigate what the heck did Trump
people are up to here in terms of
violating the the code we have in this
country about the the rightness of the
cause of the FBI it's part of the
complicated role mayor Giuliani's
playing right now because he does have
experience at the Department of Justice
as a US Attorney but going back to the
teen campaign he was a very critical of
the leadership at the Department of
Justice about how they were handling
secretary Clinton's email investigation
he's been critical ever since a former
FBI director James Comey who pushed back
against Mayor Giuliani in a tweet today
about that storm troopers comment when I
asked the mayor about it he punched
right back he actually told me last
night he he thinks he could punch Comey
in the nose
someone who worked with for years in law
enforcement and he called them a
sensitive baby
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
