welcome back tonight and meet the
midterms if you're a Republican running
in a statewide primary and you need to
prove your Trump bona fides what do you
do well if you have decided to nominate
them for next year's Nobel Peace Prize
of course 18 House Republicans signed on
to a letter pushing for President Trump
to be considered for the 2019 award for
his policies toward North Korea of
course their nomination comes before the
planned meeting between President Trump
and North Korean leader Kim jong-un we
don't know yet but of the signatories
six are running in statewide Republican
primaries this year five of them want to
be senators including Indiana's Luke
Messer who organized the letter and is
on the ballot this coming Tuesday in his
primary race and they've been fighting
to see who's more Pro Trump also on the
list Marcia Blackburn Kevin Cramer noted
North Dakota Senate Evan Jenkins West
Virginia Senator Jim Renee C Ohio Senate
Dianne black by the way Tennessee
Governor all of them in primaries all of
them in these primaries trying to make
sure they get the Trump support so it's
a bit of a litmus test for Republican
voters but could it end up burning a
couple of these candidates in a general
election that's the issue
how much do you hug him in the primary
in these swing state elections we'll be
back with more TP daily right after this
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press' content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
