we're okay let me start with you because
I want to pick up on on the different
types of surveillance a federal
prosecutor can get and the different
what does it take to get the monitoring
of email versus the monitoring of phone
calls versus the recording of phone
calls can you walk us through that a
little bit sure there is really
important distinctions here so I'll
start with what we now believe to be the
surveillance that at least some of the
surveillance that occurred of Michael
cone which is a pen register that is one
of the least intrusive forms of
surveillance all that it does is it
really records calls coming in to a
certain phone and calls going out in
real time so it is like a real-time toll
analysis prosecutors can get historical
toll analysis from the phone company
but if they want to get things happening
as they happen they have to get what's
called a pen register and it does
require an application to a magistrate
judge it is not a probable cause
threshold though it's something lower
than that that's a little hard to
articulate but because you're not
getting content it is a little bit lower
it is lower than a probable cause
threshold all right but walk me through
in the filing on that day on April 13th
the government admitted to what was
called covert electronic surveillance of
multiple email accounts right now now
that seems to be that's information does
that a higher threshold yes so I don't
know the nature of how they obtain those
emails there's different ways that you
can get emails you can either get it
through a search warrant so just like
you get a search warrant for a an office
or a premises you can get a search
warrant for an email account and that
will give you again historical emails
that have been sent to and from people
on that account and that would require a
very high showing just like we've been
through it we've talked many times on
your show and elsewhere about the
probable cause standard and all the
different high thresholds that you have
to meet for that you also could in some
circumstances get emails in real time
but that's very rare and I I don't I
don't know if that's what they were
talking about here it sounds to me more
like a search warrant on an email
account hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me
favorite subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
