before we get further into the Giuliani
news we have a correction
via NBC News earlier today NBC News
reported that there was a wiretap on the
phones of Michael Cohen president
Trump's longtime personal attorney
citing two separate sources with
knowledge of the legal proceedings
involving Cohen well we've got a
correction to that now it's not a
wiretap where they're listening in to
the phone calls but something else
specifically let me bring in my
colleague Tom winter here to explain
there's always a difference here when
you hear the words wiretap and
surveillance and the the deep the the
level of detail of the surveillance
sometimes it's monitoring when a phone
call comes in sometimes it's overhearing
explain what we reported and what we now
know so Chuck based on information from
two independent sources who have a long
term track record of credibility in
providing accurate information of this
news organization they today earlier
today based on that information we
reported that there was a wiretap on
Michael Cohen's phone meaning that they
were able to listen into conversations
from phone lines associated with Michael
Cohen to any other person that he might
have talked to and in part of that
reporting we said one of those phone
calls was between a phone line
associated with Michael Cohen and the
White House now three senior US
officials are telling us that this is a
it was not a wiretap instead it was what
is referred to as a pen register in
plain English that means it's a log of
phone calls that were made from specific
phone line from a specific phone line or
specific phone lines in this case we
know Michael Cohen had several phone
lines and so in this case they were able
to see who he called or who somebody
using his phone lines called but they
were not able to listen in real-time or
record those conversations so it's an
important distinction Chuck I want to I
want to add to that by saying that it
doesn't change necessarily the legal bar
here in order to get a warrant of this
type it's still a very serious matter
because they would have needed to fill
out a significant affidavit and be able
to go down a significant Road to get
this approved by a federal judge hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and
lights from MTP daily and MSNBC you get
more beat the press content every
morning in the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
