here's more of that stunning revelation
from president Trump's attorney Rudy
Giuliani last night telling Fox News
that Trump reimbursed his fixer Michael
Cohen
for the $130,000 hush money payment to
pornstar stormy Daniels despite
president Trump's assertion last month
that he was unaware of it having
something to do with paying some stormy
Daniels woman 130,000 I mean which is
gonna turn out to be perfectly legal
that money was not campaign money sorry
I'm giving you a fact now that you don't
know it's not campaign money no campaign
finance violation so they funneled it
through the law firm Sun Rosen offer him
and the president repaid it oh I didn't
know that he did
yeah there's no campaign finance law
zero so the press like every Shan so
what this decision was made by everybody
everybody was nervous about this from
the very beginning I wasn't I knew how
much money Donald Trump put it at that
campaign I said hundred thirty thousand
I ain't gonna do a couple of checks four
hundred thirty thousand but do you know
the president didn't know about this I
believe that I know about the specifics
of it as far as I know but he didn't
know about the general arrangement that
Michael would take care of things like
this like I take care of things like
this for my clients I don't burden them
with every single thing that comes along
busy people and the president's up and
tweeting he's finished his thought now
about his reimbursement to Cohen this
morning the president writes this mr.
Cohen an attorney received a monthly
retainer not from the campaign having
nothing to do with the campaign from
which he entered into the reimbursement
a private contract between two parties
known as a nondisclosure agreement or
NDA these agreements are very common
among celebrities and people of wealth
in this case it is in full force in
effect and will be used in arbitration
for damages against miss Clifford
Daniels in parentheses the agreement was
used to stop the false and extortionist
accusations made by her about an affair
despite already having signed a detailed
letter it
kidding that there was no affair prior
to its violation by Miss Clifford and
her attorney this was a private
agreement money from the campaign or
campaign contributions played no role in
this transaction let's bring in Michael
Evans of course the lawyer representing
stormy Daniels also at the table with us
White House reporter for The Associated
Press Johnathan Lemire Michael I'll
begin with you the president says that
you and stormy Daniels are exercising
extortionist tactics how do you react
mr. president you and your advisors and
your lawyers need to bring it bring it
because you continue to lie to the
American people and we're going we are
not going to tolerate it not today not
tonight and any other day this is an
absolute disgrace what is going on here
over the last few months and and by the
way if anybody thinks that Donald Trump
wrote those tweets then they have been
paying attention over the last couple
years I don't know the lawyer that wrote
this but you can tell a lawyer wrote it
because you can all you have to do is
count the number of commas and the run
in sentence in the in the first tweet
whoever the lawyer is that wrote this
that lawyer is also a moron because now
al I 30 because now he or she has
subjected the president to yet another
potential lawsuit for defamation for
what they've done they've also undercut
a number of other claims has gone that
have gone on over the last few months
I mean look here's what's shocking to me
is somebody that's litigated in a lot of
cases around the country for a lot of
years I have never seen a group of
people that cannot shoot straight and I
mean these folks make the Watergate
burglars look competent so the these
tweets now talk about the stormy Daniels
and the affair and that there wasn't one
or the president now can you tell us
what's on the CD he warned me warned him
not to talk good make it make it look
we're gonna examine we're gonna examine
what just happened by way these tweets
we're gonna figure out whether we want
to release that DVD right now I mean
we're digesting this in real time okay
maybe we know what your warning was
about right Mieke
no no I'm just saying there's a
possibility now that there is that
possibility I want to concentrate right
now on what's happened in the last 12 to
eight hours
while you're here I think it's
critically important that we realize
that the American people have been lied
to and this is not about I want to be
really clear about something this is not
about whether you're on the left or on
the right or in the center of what your
political persuasion is the American
people should not have their president
stand on board Air Force One and
blatantly lied to them and then have it
surrogates out there lying to the
American people about 130 thousand
dollar payment around a campaign and a
subsequent cover-up it just shouldn't
happen not in this nation and let me
just say this if we've reached a point
it's a big point if we've reached a
point in this nation where that's
acceptable I think we need to really do
some self-examination and talk about
what we've become so we're talking about
the payment in a second but a couple
points from the president's tweet did
stormy Daniels sign a letter saying
there was no affair yeah that's always
been known and checked out with that on
the 60 minutes piece and she explained
the circumstances around right and did
she violate the NDA by going on 60
minutes and talking about no we don't
believe she did violate the NDA because
we don't believe the NDA was ever in
existence because it was never signed in
what we heard from Michael Cohen and
what we heard from the people that were
defending Michael Cohen for months was
that the president never knew anything
about the agreement never knew anything
about the payment that Michael Cohen
went off and did this on his own I mean
we know that to be an absolute sacca
lies it so you've been on this show a
couple of times and said you know you've
seen evidence that shows the president
directed this payment rudy giuliani
seems to confirm that last night by
saying yes none of you know about it
he reimbursed for the payment what does
this mean to your case the revelation
from Giuliani last night well I think
our case just got exponentially better
in the last 24 hours
I mean we knew we were going to be able
to prove this but we didn't know we were
gonna have Rudy Giuliani up here on Shan
Shan Hannity and do it for us on a
Wednesday night this early on in the
case look that the importance of this
cannot be overstated this is not about
sex this isn't about what happened
between store McDaniels in Donald Trump
in the bedroom it's not about what
happened in 2006 or 2007 I've been
saying this all along this is about a
cover-up
it's about lies told the American people
it's a
about people trying to pull the wool
over people's eyes that citizens of this
country they deserve to know the truth
we've been saying this all along we're
gonna continue to say this we still
don't know the truth and for instance if
in fact what is suggested here last
night by Rudy Giuliani is in fact true
namely that law firm invoices for
make-believe work or work that everyone
always knew was never going to be
performed
we're submitted for reimbursement by the
President and that's how the
reimbursement took place is one hundred
and thirty thousand dollars that's a
crime there's serious consequences
associated with that there may be money
laundering there may be bank fraud there
may be campaign finance violations I
mean this is a serious serious problem
yeah that wanted to fall on that exact
point that the Giuliani said last night
is some accident sort of a retainer not
explicit payment for for your client you
know clearly an effort to try to suggest
that there's no campaign finance
violations the legal front they're
worried about here they're trying to
ward off what other avenues other legal
avenues do you see yourself pursuing now
what legal vulnerabilities do they have
due to these admissions last night well
I think again I think they may face
significant liability associated with
how this payment was structured or this
reimbursement was structured and it
appears to have been structured I mean
in one breath Rudy Giuliani says how
$130,000 no big deal Donald Trump could
just write a check or two well if that
was the case then why did they purposely
do it through use of these retainers and
through use of smaller payments in order
to to get to a hundred and thirty
thousand dollar figure I mean you have
to ask yourself and that that strikes me
as part of a cover-up as part of an
effort to to avoid having to disclose
this payment the campaign finance
violation is not as simple as they've
thought out I mean here's what's clear
to me they're not thinking this through
we've been playing three-dimensional
chess they've been playing tic-tac-toe
and it's continued and you know that by
way of his statements because they
haven't thought through all of the legal
ramifications of all of these admissions
that they're making you're still
confident you're gonna get to depose the
president I'm more calm you know what
I'm more confident this morning than
I've ever been
throughout this entire process and the
reason and the reason is because of
statements like this which completely
undercut prior representations that have
been made and calling the question is to
really what the story here is and I I
believe that the reason why
you saw I don't believe that this was
just Rudy Guiliani going off on his own
on a whim and making these statements
and and now he should be fired this
morning because he made a mistake this
was calculated this is what's called
hanging a lantern on it when you have a
political problem or other problem you
get out in front of it or you attempt to
disclose it I think they knew that
eventually either we were gonna get the
deposition and we were going to find
this out and disclose it and it was
gonna be a bombshell or they know that
what part of the information that the
FBI seized in connection with the three
raids would include this information and
it was going to come out it was going to
come out in the coming weeks and they
made an attempt to get out in front of
it have you thought about any change in
your strategy now that someone not from
the clown School of Law Emmett flood is
now on the scene well I will see how
long Emmitt stays on the scene in light
of some of the conduct in the last 24
hours you know I don't know what his
staying power is but look I mean with
each passing hour you know a lot of
people say well why are you on TV so
much why are you on all these shows well
because this is a very fast-moving case
we keep getting invited on shows to talk
about development and when things like
this happen
yeah it requires a response I'm gonna
throw it to dow in just a second but
last time we talked about this and you
mentioned another client not the
Republican operative but the Trump
Organization Donald Trump himself and
Sean Hannity and then you talked about
another payment are there any updates to
payments to other women that boost your
case we don't have an update per se but
I don't want to suggest by that that we
don't have any additional information
but we don't have anything that we're
prepared to publicly talk about right
now are you focused on a 1.5 million
dollar payment we're focused on I mean
one of the payments that we're focused
on is this alleged payment on behalf of
mr. Brody and does that connect to
Donald Trump at all perhaps but we're
not prepared to make a statement along
those lines okay Jo jump in yeah
Jonathan O'Meara I wanted to ask you a
political question you you we talked
about Rudy Giuliani comparing FBI agents
and the good men and women at the
Southern District of New York to not
seize that happened a few weeks ago with
another major Republican figure and it
seems to me that while there are a small
handful of Republicans on the hill who
will play this game and actually subvert
justice for the president try to
obstruct justice
I do the president's bidding it seems to
make members of the Senate at least and
more senior Republicans in the House
deeply uncomfortable can you talk about
that divided and while there may be some
noisy people back benchers in the house
aren't most of the Republicans and the
United States Senate and a good number
in the house deeply uncomfortable with
these attacks I think an American war
hero like Robert and Mahler and these
attacks on Rod Rosenstein and these
attacks on Jeff Sessions and these
attacks on again people who have been
good Republicans who followed the rule
of law their entire life Joe I think you
hit the divide exactly right that there
are Republicans traditional Republicans
on the Senate who do believe in law and
order and also believe in those
hard-working men and women of the law
enforcement agencies across this country
who keep us safe while those in the
house at least some in the house are far
more willing to do the president's
bidding and who after then I think it's
more than that it's we've seen that
especially in recent weeks the the sort
of seemingly coordinated attacks at DOJ
on the FBI not just from the one from
the White House and the presidents were
doing that for a while but some of his
surrogates and members of the House who
are sort of suggesting like look this is
we need to wrap this up meaning the
probes that this has gone on too long
there's there muddying the waters in
terms of throwing stuff out there and
trying to undermine the credibility of
these probes but they're also suggesting
that this is distracting from the
American public this is distracting from
his business works heard that from
Giuliani last night to suggesting that
you know what people should be focused
on is North Korea the president said
North Korea and NAFTA they're trying to
suggest that these matters these
investigations are obviously so
important they are in the way and that
this is not just trying to muddy the
responses but perhaps you know
suggesting a way to
for the president you act to cut them
off okay you know Mike Barnicle I was
gonna get a Mike alive an eddy but I
need to go to you because you'll
remember this like me even though I was
a little younger this is exactly what
Richard Nixon said in 1973 this is
exactly what Richard Nixon said to
Congress this is what he said to
newspaper reporters he said we have been
looking at Watergate for over a year now
we need to go on to the people's
business and he was saying that at the
same time that he was hiding the tapes
from everybody at the same time that the
majority of the Watergate information
had not spilled out into the public so
when Rudy Giuliani goes on TV and say
and says that and and when Donald Trump
is saying that they are literally
ripping a page out of the Nick Sounion
cover-up playbook you would think they'd
be a little smarter than that
but they aren't it echoes so much of
1973 that it's frightening yeah Jo
you're right and unfortunately for us
today for the country today there's no
Tip O'Neill who would go to Carl Albert
then the Speaker of the House and
basically force him into having hearings
that was 1973 but both you and Michael
avenatti had been talking about there's
always a be story to an a story the a
story is the glitter of the Trump tweets
and the Trump behavior and Giuliani on
TV but the B story which you've been
talking about this morning what Michael
just talked about is the constant
attempt to destroy institutions of this
country I mean the Justice Department
the FBI the intelligence community all
under attack from The Oval Office from
the White House itself
and now the House of Representatives
itself with two members of the House
meadows and Jordan basically trying to
obstruct justice by interfering and
impeding in an ongoing federal
investigation that's the danger part and
attacking institutions attacking
American war heroes attacking men and
women who dedicate their entire lives to
this country attack
men and women Michael avenatti who
actually risk their lives every day to
protect the rest of us who risk their
lives every day to protect our children
risk their lives every day to protect us
from the next terrorist attack and you
have Rudy Giuliani going on television
last night in comparing the good men and
women of the Southern District of New
York and the Federal Bureau of
Investigation to Nazi storm troopers I
and this Michael this was just two weeks
after he said hey you know what when I
was a prosecutor this is sort of thing
that we did it's not extraordinary I
mean how do we even begin to address
that sort of vile language
yeah I'm Joe I couldn't agree with you
more I mean if you contrast this with
actually what Michael Cohen stated I
mean at least he was smart enough to
state the following after the raids and
that was that these agents were
courteous they were professional when
they conducted these raids at his hotel
room at his residence at his office he
stated that unequivocally okay these
guys did not go in and break down the
doors
they didn't behave like some
stormtroopers that's not what they did
and to to denigrate the fine men and
women of the FBI I mean Joe I could not
agree with you more in their statements
earlier so denigrate these people and
what they do day in and day out these
folks are just trying to do their job
they're trying to do their job on behalf
of each of us to keep us safe and these
are the people that we rely upon day in
and day out to do so and for him to
openly attack for mr. Giuliani to openly
attack these folks and by the way many
of these individuals are the same
individuals that mr. Giuliani relied
upon in connection with the 9/11 attacks
in connection with the work that he did
in the Southern District of New York US
Attorney's office these are the folks
that he relied upon and for him to
effectively sell out and that's exactly
what he's done he has sold out they make
no mistake about it and to go on
national television and today take shots
at these people and basically engage in
half-truths and Mis statements it's an
outrage and I couldn't agree with you
more well
and you know Willie you talked about
this over the past two weeks
Republican major figures in the
Republican Party doing Donald Trump's
bidding have compared FBI agents and the
Southern District of New York to Nazi
storm troopers to Stalin to Brownshirts
--mess is reprehensible and if the
Republican Party cares about having a
future there are people on the hill this
morning that need to stand up and speak
out in defense of the good men and women
at the FBI
and yes the prosecutors at the Southern
District in New York this is shameful
and there is no excusing this you're
talking about Rudy Giuliani the former
US Attorney in the Southern District the
mayor of New York City you're talking
about the former Speaker of the House
Newt Gingrich who as I said earlier on
the same Sean Hannity show where we saw
Giuliani last night three weeks ago
compared those FBI agents to Gestapo
said they were using Stalinist tactics
and for what to circle the wagons around
a president who wouldn't lift a finger
for them if they were in trouble we all
know that's to be true so we ask
yourself at what cost do these men
who've served the country I mean Rudy
Giuliani let's not forget around 9/11
who he was and what he did to take their
reputations and and tatter them for the
president United States it's a sad thing
to watch in many ways but it's it's all
in the service of an agenda the show
last night and the show three weeks ago
on Hannity both were two pushrod Rosen
Stein out of the way what members of the
freedom caucus are doing right now is to
push rod Rosenstein out of the way so
eventually they can get themselves to
Rob Mahler and they believe mica to get
the heat off the president United States
and Michael have an ally before you go
let's figure out or can you tell us
anything about will you be changing
strategy moving forward given what's
happened in the past 24 hours even the
president's tweet which I am watching
getting retweeted at like a hundred
miles an hour right now going out to
millions of people saying
your client and you the agreement was
used to stop the false and extortionist
accusations made by her about an affair
I mean is he defaming your client well I
think there's no question that he's
defaming
my client what are you doing we're going
to examine what he said we're gonna
figure out what our next steps are so so
let me let me get this straight
he was only lying about the
reimbursement but now he's telling the
truth
right I mean these guys are making it up
as they go along
look I've said this before I'm gonna say
it again they are in full panic mode
they don't know what to do
they're digging the hole deeper and
we're gonna get to the bottom of this no
matter how long it takes and this is not
gonna end well I said it a few weeks ago
I said it last week I'm gonna absolutely
no question say it again this morning
this president will not serve out this
term I guarantee it and your client what
is her status and is she safe there's
anyone threatening her we've both dealt
with a lot of threats on a day-in and
day-out basis and and we know that we're
actually succeeding and we know that
we're advancing this case because the
threats escalate whenever the threats
escalate we know we're doing our job
okay
Michael have an Adi thank you very much
and still I had a Morning Joe member of
the Judiciary Committee Senator Richard
Blumenthal joins us he was the longtime
attorney general for the state of
Connecticut he has some thoughts on
these major legal developments that
we've been discussing this morning
you're watching Morning Joe
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
