the settlement payment which is a very
regular thing for lawyers to do the
question there was the only possible
violation there would be was it a
campaign finance violation but usually
were result in a fine by the way not
this big storm troopers coming in and
breaking down his apartment and breaking
out his office that was money that was
paid by by his lawyer the way I would do
out of his law firm funds or whatever
funds doesn't matter the president
reimbursed that over a period of
settlement that was rudy giuliani last
night on hannity but here's what Rudy
said last month about the raid on
Michael Cohen
this was before the former mayor joined
the president's legal team the
Washington Post report reads in part
quote former New York man mayor Rudolph
Giuliani a friend of Trump called the
Cohen raids a little heavy-handed is
this surprising yes said Giuliani also a
former US Attorney is it extraordinary
no this is the way prosecutors get
information sometimes to convict and
prosecute sometimes to exculpate
criticizing Muller for veering into
highly personal issues such as the
alleged Daniels encounter Giuliani added
the only thing that's happening perhaps
is that Muller is trying to compel the
president to testify all right a lot to
get to welcome back to Morning Joe it's
Thursday May 3rd yes Joe and I was just
gonna say though and think about this
Rudy Giuliani when this happened said
this is not extraordinary this is what
prosecutors do Rudy Giuliani being a
prosecutor would know what prosecutors
do why I suspect that Rudy Giuliani may
have even done this himself because if
he said this is not extraordinary this
is what prosecutors do either to convict
or sometimes to let somebody off the
hook then this is something that is
between the lines last night he goes on
television and he compares American law
enforcement officers who wake up every
morning and work every day and go to bed
every
I wake up the next morning trying to
protect Americans from terrorist attacks
trying to protect Americans from crime
in their own cities trying to protect
Americans from from drug rings trying to
protect Americans from all of the things
that were challenged by and you know
what we have one of the lowest crime
rates in decades because of the great
work of the FBI and other law
enforcement officers we didn't have all
of the attacks that people thought we
were going to have after September 11th
because of the great work of the Federal
Bureau of Investigations and also local
law enforcement officers all across the
country but last night to score a cheap
political point for a former reality TV
star Rudy Giuliani compared the FBI and
people in the Southern District of New
York to Nazi storm troopers just to
score a cheap political point let that
sit for a second and think about just
how low people are willing to go Willie
to defend Donald Trump and score a cheap
political point comparing the FBI to
Nazi storm troopers you know so much
flies past these days in the news
there's so much in that Giuliani
interview but it's worth stopping and
pointing out and underlining what you
just did his comment comparing FBI
agents to storm troopers that comes
three weeks after on that same show on
that same Network Newt Gingrich the
former Speaker of the House compared
those same agents to Gestapo in Germany
and said that that's what Stalin used to
do I would also point out Joe that that
search warrant was executed by the
Southern District of New York that's the
same district where Rudy Giuliani was
the US Attorney thirty years ago he
knows how that that place operates he he
signed off on those warrants those are
his people his guys but as you say to
make the president proud sitting in the
Oval Office he compared those same
people that he knows worked with
respected
to Nazi storm troopers it's pathetic and
if we should not let it fly past ya and
Myka if you're working for a man who you
can only please by comparing FBI agents
and law enforcement officers who protect
all of us and do an extraordinary job
every day the only way you can gain
favor with somebody that with you're
working force by comparing the people
who protect us to Nazi storm troopers
then you're working for the wrong person
well he wasn't I don't think he helped
out his boss too much last night I he
might think he did thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
