it was just this Allison wonderland
moment where we got these occupants we
didn't want anybody to see this stuff so
we had them set up a room and only the
three of us have access to the room
Fred Trump's the state tax return is in
the building right now it's incredible
that we have it had not opened a door to
understanding a huge transfer of wealth
that happened and gave us so much more
information to be able to understand the
Sox games that were played and then once
you sort of pull the string the whole
thing unravels that was a clip from show
times latest documentary which aired
last night the family business Trump and
taxes it gives a behind-the-scenes look
at extensive reporting done by the New
York Times over the past year the piece
published not even a week ago exposed
Donald Trump's alleged past of tax fraud
and money laundering a reminder of what
we learned from that investigation quote
mr. Trump received the equivalent today
of at least 413 million dollars from his
father's real estate empire starting
when he was a toddler and continuing to
this day much of this money came to mr.
Trump because he helped his parents
dodge taxes he and his siblings set up a
sham corporation to disguise millions of
dollars in gifts from their parents
records an interview show when asked
today about that report Trump said the
money he received from his father has
quote been very well documented joining
us now is Ross Buettner one of them
investigative reporters who worked
exhaustively on that story and is
featured in the Showtime documentary
last night
take me through how this story this
unbelievable body of reporting matt
miller and i were on set waiting to go
on at 4:00 you dropped it at 3:10 which
barely gave us enough time to read 38
pages before we came on the air but we
did how that dropped in the middle of
the Cavanagh inferno it seemed like the
kind of story that could have fueled a
week-long conversation about how one of
the central pillars of donald trump's
identity was a big fat lie i mean why
didn't we try to wait for the perfect
news day to publish this news day
because i understand that when
something's ready you know you get their
editorial decisions and judgments made
and holding it but certainly last week
was an extraordinary week in American
politics yeah I did feel like an
extraordinary week we had been close
to finishing this up for several weeks
we thought we were about ready before
the hurricane struck you may remember
that but we hadn't quite closed the loop
with the trumps yet we thought we were
about ready as the Cavanaugh hearings
appeared to be wrapping up before Jeff
Flake kind of dropped a bomb and moved
that on and then it seemed like we had a
quiet time and as you know it's really
hard to suss out like when there's going
to be a relatively quiet period of a few
days we didn't really know where the
Cavanagh process was going to go so this
looked like the best day we could find
and I understand that once you've gone
to all of your sources of people you're
covering for comment there's always the
risk that they'll try to blow it up on
Fox News or something like that fair
enough I want to show you something from
the documentary that brought to life
what was hard for I think people that
aren't expert in in taxes to understand
from the piece let me play it and I want
to ask you about on the other side in
August 1992 they set up a company called
all County all County was this company
owned by the Trump children including
Donald and the stated purpose was it was
going to be like this central purchasing
agent for all this stuff that Fred
needed to do to fix up his buildings so
if they needed a new boiler right all
County would go out
advantage of the economies of scale Fred
Trump would benefit because he'd get a
lower price then we realized that all
County owned by the Trump children was
paying for boilers and then they were
charging Fred for the very same boilers
this big marker they were having the
invoices
they would buy a boiler for 10,000 and
they turn around and they sell it to
friend for 15,000 and that's where you
start realizing oh wait a minute they're
using all-county
to disguise cash and gifts from Fred
Trump as if there are legitimate
business transactions it was an
extraordinary illustration of the kinds
of corrupt practices or fraudulent tax
practices it's your piece detailed can
you talk about its significance
well I it's significance is sort of in
the kind of grubby nature of the whole
thing this is the president United
States a man who's presented himself as
a billionaire a master of high finance
and this was more like something you see
on an episode of The Sopranos you know
it's a it's a very simple little scheme
where you're just patting an invoice and
they're providing no service for at all
but it has potentially more
ramifications than that because there
are tax implications they were in
essence dodging a gift tax that could
still be clawed back by the IRS or New
York authorities and then they were also
passing along those inflated invoices to
their tenants in applying for rent
regulation I'm sorry regulated rent
increases based on those invoices and
that could result in some kind of action
to those tenants where an S is paying
more for all these years than they
really should have so you talked about
The Sopranos when Jim Comey wrote a book
he talked about his first meeting with
Donald Trump all the talk about the
family that it had this very mob like
feeling in the documentary last night
one of your colleagues talked about
investigative financial journalism was
doing this work was doing this
investigation was it more similar to
uncovering financial crimes or was it
more similar to political investigative
journalist ik work what was this story
like you guys covered this you took you
18 months of records and documents and
knocking on doors you have some icy
roads streets that you pound in in the
piece which is great just talk about
what it was like covering the Trump
family finances it wasn't like a
political story at all really because
this is a narrow Donald Trump's life and
the Trump family they had no
politics that really came much later
than this and this was a very what's
unique about trying to write about
private closely held businesses is how
little is publicly available there you
know you cover a corporation they have a
regular duty to report things to their
shareholders there's a substantial
public record but this was really trying
to crack into a very closely held
corporation or set of corporations that
had never really been had any public
exposure to anything so trying to find
people who had been in and around that
Empire was a great challenge and then
getting them to talk and then gain
records that had never been public
before that that was the real heavy lift
and then once we had all that it was
this kind of colossal forensic analysis
of just hundreds of tax documents and
Ledger's and and you know I read a book
on real estate accounting twice or
colleagues every American in the
conversation this seems like the kind of
piece of journalism that knocks down the
claim about fake news these weren't
political players don't quote partisan
senators or House members these are this
is almost like what would people talk
about the Muller indictments being paper
indictments this was a paper case this
seemed indisputable Donald Trump didn't
even really push back hard he simply
called it boring what do you make of the
state of a piece like this with with
very little substance to punch holes in
but the White House trying to just avoid
it by calling it long and boring what
we've seen that them do that a lot but
in fact we talked about whether this was
a political story or a financial
investigative story and it was
definitely the latter but it it is the
ultimate political reporting this
political reporting is about puncturing
the sort of the facade that all
politicians put up and this is the
ultimate facade and this one last
decades but you know it came out in the
climate where it's very hard for
anything to break through and if you
think that there's a perfect time to
publish this piece in this news
environment I've got a boiler that I
will sell you for for ten thousand
dollars that I originally paid ten tacos
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
