joining us now is Michael Schmidt he's a
Pulitzer prize-winning reporter from the
New York Times who is frankly on a roll
this week today he broke the know the
news that the president is getting a new
lawyer
Ty Cobb is leaving replacing him as
Emmett flood a lawyer who among other
things helped with the president's
defense during the impeachment effort
against then President Bill Clinton
Michael Schmidt reporting today quote
Emmett flood is expected to take a more
adversarial approach to the
investigation then mr. Cobb did Michael
Schmitt thank you for being here much
appreciated thanks for having me what do
you mean by more adversarial approach
well the thing about Cobb was his
approach was cooperation cooperation
cooperation he took the president at his
word that the president said he did
nothing wrong and he said look the
sooner we give them all the documents
the sooner we allow people to speak with
Muller the faster this will be over the
sooner the cloud will be lifted if you
remember it was Ty Cobb who was saying
at the end of last year it was sort of
this rolling thing the investigation is
gonna be over by Thanksgiving is gonna
be over by Christmas New Year etc here
we are in May Ty Cobb is out the
investigation obviously still goes on
the way that Ty Cobb left today doesn't
seem to have matched with the White
House explanation for how he left mr.
Cobb saying that it was a plan roll out
the White House suggesting that it had
been on deck for a few weeks and this is
some sort of orderly process mr. Cobb
though doing a long interview this
morning right up until the two hours
before you posted your story where he
never mentioned it never came up give no
indication that he was on his way out do
you have any clearer sense of whether he
jumped or if he was pushed well there's
two things about this one is that Ty
Cobb is a veteran Washington lawyer he's
been along around for a long time and he
is close to retirement you know he likes
to spend time down in South Carolina and
that that all sort of fits but what else
was going on is that Don began the White
House Counsel really wanted him out and
really spearheaded this effort he
thought that Cobb had given up way too
much of the special counsel and working
with his lawyer bill Burke who's
actually good friends with Emmett flood
they worked to recruit flood over the
past year and increasingly in the past
few months McGann and Burke
trying to convince him to come in Magan
and flood see things the same way they
think that the executive power the the
privilege issues should be exerted more
and more should be kept away and there
should be a more adversarial approach to
the investigation Mike I just asked you
if you have any clarity on whether or
not the president's new legal team
involving mr. Giuliani has now been on
board for two weeks and mr. flood who's
now on board as of today are they also
going to be working on the the Michael
Cohen case in the Southern District of
New York the two other lawyers who were
brought on board the same day as
Giuliani do appear to be working at
least in part on that Coen case is this
a Moeller case only hiring or do we
expect that they'll represent the
President on a lot of things well it's
not clear they're still sort sort of it
out it's still trying to figure out what
Giuliani's role is gonna be is he simply
there to negotiate with Muller about an
interview and what an interview even
happen or would Giuliani get involved in
New York aspect of it the thing about
the New York the New York case is that
they don't know a lot about it
they are very unnerved by it because
Michael Cohen and the president will not
talk about they won't disclose what they
think is in those documents and there is
yet much to do there's not a lot to do
there was the the handing over of the
materials to make sure that
attorney-client privileges were you know
not being violated but at the same time
the president's lawyers don't really
know what's going on with that
investigation but they are very
concerned about it that is fascinating
thank you for helping us understand that
Michael Schmidt Pulitzer Prize winning
reporter for The New York Times thank
you tonight sir appreciate it thanks for
having me all right we'll be right back
stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
