thing one tonight the GOP Senate primer
in West Virginia gets stranger by the
day and the fight is getting so nasty
that one attack ad shows Republican
Patrick Morrissey shaking hands with the
hated Hillary Clinton but it turns out
the image is a fake the image at left of
Morrissey shaking hands as President
Trump was photoshopped to create that
fake image of him shaking hands with
Clinton it's an ad by his Republican
opponent Evan Jenkins a Jenkins campaign
ad confirmed the fake image saying the
campaign took creative license that's
far from the craziest part of this race
take the third Republican contender in
West Virginia but mr. Blankenship isn't
it true that you live in Nevada you pay
taxes in Nevada and in fact your
probation officer is in Nevada and yeah
you're running for US Senate in West
Virginia and that's still not the end of
the offenses of Don Blankenship that's
thing too in 60 seconds so convicted
criminal Don Blankenship who recently
finished a year in prison for conspiring
to violate mine safety laws when an
explosion in his mine
killed 29 people that guy is the third
Republican contender for the US Senate
race in West Virginia and he's trying so
hard to position himself as the
anti-establishment candidate he's
unleashed bizarre quasi racist attacks
on Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell in 1 AD Blankenship calls
McConnell cocaine Mitch based on some
very very tenuous and bizarre claims
that drugs were once found on a shipping
vessel owned by McConnell's
father-in-law blanka's you've also
claims McConnell is a conflict of
interest with the nation of China citing
McConnell's wife transporter
transportation secretary Elaine Chao and
her family I don't have any problem with
the chap people Chinese girlfriend
Chinese anything that I have an issue
when the father-in-law is you know as a
wealthy China person and there's a lot
of connections to some of the breasts if
you will in China so much going on that
quote any quote that starts with I don't
have an issue with Chinese girlfriends
but he knows going somewhere what
really good he actually said at the end
a weirdly PC attempted a racial slur
which he was confronted with at last
night's GOP debate and his answer well I
guess gets points for creativity
this idea that calling somebody a China
person I mean I'm an American person I
don't see this this in you Asian by the
press that there's something racist
about saying China versus some people
for Korean persons and some of them are
African persons it's not any slander
there
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
