to their level know our motto is oh hi
Michelle Obama famously called for the
high road it was appealing as an ethical
argument but it was also associated with
the Obama family's unquestioned
political success
now politics clearly rewarding a
different approach Donald Trump won the
electoral college with a lower road than
a lot of people thought possible
and Trump started the deal he states
when people treat me badly my general
attitude has been to fight back very
hard and we're about to explore that
very point with co-author of that book
our friend Tony Schwartz the issue today
is that Trump's dirty approach is being
rewarded and even mimicked now Schwartz
argues this is actually testing our
values as a nation as we wrecked as we
reckon with a barrage of cruelty now the
poor guy you got to see this guy I don't
know what I said I don't remember on
Carly Fiorina telling Rolling Stone look
at that face would anyone vote for that
can you imagine that the face of our
next president Maxine Waters a very low
IQ individual although we have a
representative in Congress who they say
was here a long time ago they call her
Pocahontas when Trump is pressed on
these comments he'll often default to
claiming these are jokes many people
don't consider them funny and they point
out that even if it is a joke
he has power and this is very cruel the
larger question we want to explore
tonight right now is whether this style
is eroding civility across the board
there was only of course politics in the
reaction to this White House
Correspondents Dinner moment I actually
really like Sarah I think she's very
resourceful like she burns facts and
then she uses that Ash to create a
perfect smoky eye we are graced with
Sarah's presence tonight
I have to say I'm a little star-struck I
love you as aunt Lydia on The Handmaid's
Tale I'm joined by Tony Schwartz CEO of
the energy project he is also the
best-selling author of the way we work
is not working and I want to explore
with you not the predictable partisan
overdrive reaction that was very blue
red etc to the comics but the deeper
point you're reaching towards which is
when cruelty is rewarded what are we as
a society to do about it
well you know I think what we've lost
over the last two years in this Trump
era is the recognition that our values
are fundamentally the the are embodied
values our lived values or the content
of our character they're who we are and
to of the values we hold most dear I
think the most universal are honesty and
compassion and those two are neither is
represented in Trump and I think that
the problem is that he's dragged the the
dialogue and the focus on those two core
values to a level that drags all of us
with him and that's my that's my concern
and so as you know Tony because you've
worked more closely with him in an
expressive capacity writing the book
that most people have what he does
though if I may is he bastardized is the
concept of honesty and says that he is
actually just being more honest than
others by saying quote unquote the cruel
things that other people really feel and
for that point I want to play for you
one of his first forays into politics in
New York City where you are with that
Koch where he went farther than most
people would about the mayor in New York
stuff enough rhetorical town and then he
said but these are just my feelings like
I'm just being honest take a look in the
letter I told mr. Trump that I would not
be granting him the taxes
that he desired that letter aroused mr.
Trump sire we have a gentleman in New
York who's very disloyal every time
you're talking about the mayor of New
York aren't you I'm talking about the
mayor of New York yes you call the man
my it's not any way to talk about I'm
there's only expressing your feelings
and that's the way I feel that's the way
I feel how do you counter that sort of
PC defense of what you call cruelty well
the what what binds us together as a
civilized society that's what gives what
civility serves is the willingness the
capacity to be both truthful and
compassionate and a number of other
values and without them we lose our
safety our sense of safety our sense of
security our sense of trust in one
another and civilization doesn't hold
together any more easily or naturally
than democracy does so when you begin to
debase the most core values that every
contemplative tradition has valued we're
in we're at a point where we sick face
with chaos and certainly at a minimum
with a sense of fear and anxiety about
what's going to happen next and let me
show for context on this because we were
looking at it most people in the country
and this goes beyond party think that
the civility has gotten much worse since
Trump took office very few people in a
world where people's facts are
disagreeing about all kinds of political
things very few people think it's the
same or improved 70 percent that
includes obviously by definition many
Trump voters think it's worse if we know
it's getting worse why does it also feel
like we are to some degree powerless to
change it I mean you go online and and
you look at even the way people
criticize Trump and sometimes you say
gosh we're all just in this trolling
loop because the end justifies the means
in a highly polarized world in a highly
polarized society and so ever
thing gets rationalized and and
minimized because the assumption is that
so long as we're getting at the end of
the day what we want we can do almost
anything and what we don't realize is
how much toll that takes on our humanity
you know every day I go and talk with
leaders and one of the things I talk
about is this notion this core notion of
the value as a leader of being both
truthful and compassionate neither one
is simple it's sufficient by itself
honesty think about this honesty
truthfulness without compassion is
actually cruelty so you need these
entailed values in order to be a whole
human being Donald Trump exemplifies
neither honesty nor compassion and the
result there is chaos and it's not just
chaos in the way he leads it's chaos in
the terms of the impact he has on us
right and what you're speaking about is
that the nuance or the thing that you're
supposed to get if you develop as a
human being which is yes you speak from
a place of hopefully truth but with
consideration for the impact on other
people sometimes that truth has to be
channeled through your obligations to
others Tony whenever we have you on I
feel like we should just add a little
glass of Malbec bring out you know some
other some other nice appetizers and
really have this dinner conversation for
longer I think we did a brain so I'm
sorry I'm not there in the in the in the
promised land with you so the used to be
right next view hey there are chris
hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
