Ty Cobb out this news comes of course
right after these reports that Muller is
ready to fight fire with fire telling
the White House for the first time that
if they won't have Donald Trump the
president testified voluntarily in this
probe that Bob Miller will then try to
force Donald Trump to testify with a
possible subpoena
now with Cobb out Emmitt flood is in
he's a veteran litigator who defended
President Clinton during his impeachment
also served in the Bush White House so
what does this all mean well first of
all Cobb was the good cop in this Muller
Pro he calmed Trump he turned over
documents he was by all accounts the
most cooperative lawyer on the team now
he's gone
which means Trump's team is less
cooperative tonight than it was last
night that's a first take away but this
also previews where the fight could be
going the Trump White House arming for a
potential bruising court fight with Bob
Muller high stakes and they're adding
people who can argue a president doesn't
have to testify at all as we point out
on this program Bill Clinton initially
took that position and he ultimately did
testify in the Ken Starr Pro and thirdly
we are seeing here the signs of gearing
up for a fight over executive privilege
now one insider summed it all up with a
godfather reference telling The
Washington Post who do you want on your
side if Muller decides to subpoena the
president you want to have your wartime
consigliere Emmett is a quintessential
wartime consigliere a Cobb did not
litigate or even talk that much from a
war footing in fact take a look here he
was in an interview just this morning
his last interview before this change
it's certainly not off the table and
people are working hard to make
decisions and work toward an interview
and assuming that can be concluded favor
believe there'll be an interview trumps
loyalists are increasingly arguing the
opposite they're saying there isn't a
way from Donald Trump's perspective to
meet Muller in the interview room
favorably that it's too much risk too
little reward and that's why this whole
fight could be headed right to the
Supreme Court I'm joined now by
California Congressman Ted Louis served
in the House Judiciary Committee as well
as former federal prosecutor
Harry Lippmann
thank you both for being here I start
with you what does it tell you that Bob
Muller is using the subpoena threat well
it tells me that things at least reach
something of a stalemate I don't think
it's a permanent stalemate I think in
part the threat of a subpoena is meant
to keep the talks or to make the talks
revived because the reports we have
really are now a month old and things
have had sort of come to a a stall but I
think they will return yes he has he has
played that card I don't think it's
quite a thunderbolt from heaven
everyone's always known that's part of
the rules you can go there and so he so
he said the words and pretty much made
it clear and and I think that's just
meant to we'll say let's get serious
here guys do you want to try to work
something out or not josepho advisor
Steve ban is speaking out on this as you
know he is a widely respected legal
expert no he's got but he has a
political guy with with some input on
the White House this is what he says
quote Cobb was a mistake totally
incompetent in over his head obsessed
with this radical fantasy of waiving
executive privilege it was truly stupid
failed to realize that would never be
could never be a special relationship
with Muller I would say what Bannon
doesn't know about the law he makes up
for in what he knows about political
brawling and if this is an
administration that is not looking to be
saved by the facts the way you would
sometimes when you have an innocent
client you say I'm really confident
about putting all the facts out there
they're turning to a brawl what is that
view from banning on the brawl say to
you in the end then Carter so I agree
first of all bringing in flood he's the
first guy remotely capable of having the
kind of fight that you described not
it's not just aggressive with the chops
to bring a a court challenge from the
district court to the Supreme Court
he's heads and shoulders more capable
than anyone who's been in that regard so
it looks like they're focused on a
possible court battle and they're
actually bringing in a as you say
conciliar
on the subpoena issue Nixon lost as you
know in the Supreme Court on a similar
argument that he couldn't be subpoena
for the tapes
Bill Clinton only testified but I want
to talk about the politics of this
rather than just the legal issues
politically if Donald Trump really wants
to sell to American people that he did
nothing wrong then what does he have to
hide why does he just go and talk and do
the interview if he doesn't want to do
the interview it suggests that he's
trying to hide information in terms of
executive privilege they never waived it
they actually had witnesses invoke it
all the time in these various committees
by saying they're going to invoke
executive privilege
they never did but then they wouldn't
answer the questions at congressional
committees asked so and you were of
course a part of that process as a
member of Congress did you think that
they effectively have invoked executive
privilege by that man they would not
invoke executive privilege is just that
the republican-controlled Congress was
not calling them out on it and they were
able to answer only the questions that
they wanted so your view is they use
that and essentially as a dodge
absolutely yeah
when you mention you has to be next and
this goes to a big question and Harry
are you comfortable getting getting
really boring with me I guess I am
alright let's do so we come make our
voices slow US v Nixon everyone knows in
at least the broad strokes Nixon lost
because people remember things when does
the ream court and he was out so if
you're worried about presidents breaking
the law that seems to stand for
something good but it's more complex
because US v Nixon can either stand for
the the general notion the presidents
aren't above the law okay or it can
stand for a much narrower legal
principle that when Congress creates a
different mechanism to hold the
president accountable as they did then
with a congressionally authorized
prosecutor that that can be taken all
the way up to the Supreme Court and you
can get that evidence right whereas
there is an argument on Trump's side
that this is different because it is a
different type of prosecutor and they
would argue this is essentially a debate
within the executive branch and they
could argue that they could win even
with us Phoenix in your view first I I'm
a nerd this is exciting to me I'm not
bored at all I agree completely and
there's the other distinction which is
us versus Nixon Nixon was brought to
heel in terms of producing evidence
Clinton V Jones brought to heel in terms
of a civilizational deposition US v
Trump would be the first time any
ever says you've got to show up for a
criminal trial and testify where you're
you're really on the line and your
presidency is on the line so he'll have
arguments to make I think at the end of
the day that the court will will side
against him but people who are seeing
this as open and shut I think are
overeating u.s. remix and them and the
Clinton case which is striking coming
from you I think I mean let me let me do
this I want to get your views as well
congressman we'll also want to add in
another special legal expert voice we
have here which is former US attorney
guy Louis worked with Bob Miller James
Comey and rod Rhodes inside at the DOJ
so knows some of these players let me
start with your analysis of the
conversation we were just having on the
one hand US v Nixon would seem like bad
news for a president on the run on the
other hand it is as mr. Lippman was just
explaining arguably narrower than some
of the issues that would be presented in
a US v Trump yeah Harry I think is a
hundred percent right on this in that
there will be a fight I do not think
that these changes especially in Trump's
attorney today are indicative of
anything but okay let's gear up let's
put our helmets on let's suit up and
we're gonna fight this thing
look I you look at this president's past
history litigated history I mean he's no
stranger to litigation and how many
times do you see him reaching across the
aisle saying you know what let's let's
find a middle ground let's have some
consensus here it's not gonna happen
he's gonna fight this every step of the
way and I think this is you sir god
you're you're sort of making legal news
or at least news for nerds because you
know a lot of the law here and you know
a lot of the people and as I mentioned
including Moeller you are predicting
tonight based on what's happened today
that this fight over Donald Trump
testifying is going to go all the way to
the Supreme Court I do and and and again
you a good point Muller look at Muller's
background Muller is a former Marine he
is born and raised in the Department of
Justice he was the chief of the Criminal
Division when I was trying Noorie
here in Miami and he was aggressive as
all get-out he supported us a hundred
percent of the time every step of the
way and it's like the movies that you
watch in the Old World War two when you
tell the Marine to take the take the
hill he's gonna send in wave after wave
after wave and it's gonna get it's gonna
be very aggressive and I think messy
well I believe that saying is the army
never leaves their wounded and the
Marines never leave their dead and Bob
Muller is standing you know shoulder to
shoulder with every prosecutor on this
case that he's assembled it's quite a
team let me turn to the congressman and
play a little bit of the chorus the
Greek chorus of 2018 if you will which
are Donald Trump's friends and a blurs
and loyalists on the news trying to
speak to him directly through the camera
and say don't do this interview talk to
this team that Boers put together I
would never allow it absolutely not I
think he'd be in a better position
challenging this legally than sitting
down with the special counsel and
answering that list of 40 some-odd
questions I would say as I have said to
other clients if you want to go down
there I'm going to go stand in the door
and you're gonna have to go over my dead
body I saw I'm a recovering lawyer but
it doesn't take a lawyer to know that
the central lesson on Watergate is that
no one is above the law not the
president not anybody else and there's
nothing that Constitution that says the
president needs to be treated
differently when it comes to routine
things like interviews with a prosecutor
and also keep in mind that deputy Arnold
rod Rosenstein and Robert Moeller are
very aware that the president might fire
them there's all these people asked for
them to be fired and yet they have very
strong statements with WR in Rose the
sign saying that Joe stood apart will
not be extorted Buller threatening this
subpoena which tells me they've got
really strong evidence they believe they
got a really strong case I think that's
why they're acting this way guy do you
share that analysis because it's
certainly true that rod Rosen Stein who
ultimately is his mother's boss and the
key decision-maker on what Muller
that becomes public outside of the
indictments themselves is been as
someone who follows this to my mind
stronger in public this week than we've
ever seen him agree re I think rod gives
a wit about the threat of being fired
I think Muller could care less about the
threat of being fired these are two guys
that are going to do their job and
they're going to call it like they see
it and and they are aggressive
prosecutors they have been aggressive
prosecutors and I think they'll continue
to be aggressive prosecutors hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
