sheriff joe arpaio sena campaign out in
arizona got a boost from an unexpected
source
Vice President Mike Pence a PI was
convicted of violating court orders to
stop profiling profiling illegal
immigrants and then pardoned by
President Trump last year well here's
what vice-president pence had to say
about him last night and I just found
out when I was walking through the door
that we were also going to be joined
today by another favorite a great friend
of this president a tireless champion of
strong borders in the rule of law spent
a lifetime in law enforcement Sheriff
Joe Arpaio
Wow wellhe's let's bring in the hardball
round set with John Bray Boehner's a
Republican strategist Cornel bouches a
democratic pollster an MSNBC political
analyst and Kimberly Adkins chief wants
to report for the Boston Herald and an
MSNBC contributor okay what do you think
John of your party you guys sort of this
well first of all let's not any Bruce is
saying give me a said higher come higher
the there any called the ex-cons like
Jesus did here's what we have found
there are certain things that matter to
voters and don't bill clinton has sex
with an intern at the White House people
ended up not caring center Brock Barack
Obama colludes with the Russians on
missile defense nobody seemed to care
right Hillary Clinton gets rid of 40,000
emails people cared and insalubrious
Kate pass that would colludes with the
Russians when he was caught telling them
secretly of teeth that he would be more
go easy going on missile defense once
the election was over but I'm just
saying don't this is about Republican
and Democrat it's wrong it it's about
politics
I don't I don't even know where to start
with that so I won't I think here's the
fundamental problem right the Republican
brand for hiring ex-cons the Republican
brand when a philosophical answer I
think the long-term was was problematic
the Republican brand has always been one
that's been the values first right and
for that middle swath of America that
Democrats have had a hard time winning
it wasn't because of the economics it
was cuz of values and I think long-term
when you have pence and you have the
Republican brand embracing this in the
middle moderate swath of America it's
going to hurt them long term and I think
when you see them losing their values
advantage is gonna hurt them in middle
swath of America and I think that's the
long-term problem serious problem with
what's going on with the Republican
Party right now but that means you're
VAT your your party doesn't have values
first is that we're I don't understand
you know every party of values you know
you know it's about who's who's owned in
the middle of the values the values
brand and for the middle swath of
America I'm not going to wrap it down a
rabbit hole with you look for the middle
swath of America they have seen
Republicans more alive with their values
and for long term as they see them not
long term with their values that's why
we have districts are been breaking
Republican by 20 points now swinging the
other way by 20 points
chants for President or Congress does
make sense well it's it's the embrace of
trumpism that we're seeing this we're
saying Mike Pence somebody who's
standing up and saying to somebody who
had to be pardoned because he refused to
stop racially profiling people against
the law and but these are the laws that
are not the rule of law these aren't the
laws that we need to embrace it's the
laws that they want to enforce which is
this tough crackdown on illegal
immigration there are a lot of people
who are in the president's core who
embrace that who like that they don't
care that he broke a law they don't care
that Don Blankenship was convicted for
something for his role in in the deaths
of these miners he wants to stop illegal
immigration and they're going to back
that this is a know how long it will
last and whether the Republicans can
survive that if they're walking away
from their values in that way but that's
what we're seeing happen I said every
other day that it's not about truth they
don't go to Trump for truth they go to
for attitude as long as he's
anti-establishment as long as he's
anti-illegal immigrant as long as he's
got his point of view there with them as
long as he's a tribal warrior they are
with him in fact he can do almost no
wrong as long as he continued to tribal
that would be that tribal champion
there's no wrong he can do but here's
where candidates are making a mistake
and they still have to blame Obama like
this guy same people didn't seem to care
what he did that and I'm just I'm just
sort of agreeing with you but look the
mistake some Republican candidates are
making is that they think that they are
being Trump like if they say something
outrageous and we're seeing that in West
Virginia quite frankly with the Senate
campaign let's take cases this guy grim
a real Long Island I'm not like a stand
on a tough guy I get the high net an
Irish guy I get the whole thing put
nations I'm gonna graduate and he says
to this reporter who you asked him the
wrong question he didn't like the
questioner standing at the balcony over
there in the house he's basically I'm
gonna break you like a boy whatever that
means how does that sell with the public
well maybe it works this time
I think with with certain elements of
their base it's fine but when you look
at the revolt that's going on among
specially college-educated women and
suburban women it's a problem that it
again it is absolutely okay Hillary
Clinton was accused to say and she did
sort of say we're gonna put that miners
out of business but this guy
had a hand in the deaths of 29 miners it
would seem that I wouldn't that be a
selling point for either party I mean he
has had a long history of really not
embracing the rule of law he's the bad
guy in Hillary's book I've been
listening to him right but aside from
the conviction there was a case that
went all the way to the Supreme Court
because he tried to bankroll the
campaign of a judge that ruled against
his company I mean there's been a long
history of being the opposite of the
rule of law so the fact that now that
that's what they're standing for hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
