it's all frayed as I said doc I want to
tell you I'll be the healthiest
president ever and he said I think I
agree and I think he probably took my
words that he put a bet by the way good
doctor so far a great Doc's pink
candidate Donald Trump discussing the
letter his personal doctor Harold
Bornstein wrote during the campaign the
one where he said Trump will be the
healthiest individual ever elected to
the presidency it turns out what Trump
told Jimmy Kimmel was actually the truth
in an exclusive conversation with NBC
News Bornstein explains I will also tell
you that that letter that showed up in
The Times about his health he wrote
himself and me from where I come from
the end of it was just black humor it
wasn't meant to be a serious comment I
guess people don't have that sense of
humor that's probably a good thing dr.
Boris singh's letter was not the only
questionable evaluation of president
Trump's health just a few months ago dr.
Ronnie Jackson stood in front of the
White House press corps for over an hour
painting quite a rosy picture of the
president's health we compared the two
reports and there were some striking
similarities Bornstein called trump's
test results quote astonishingly
excellent a word Jackson liked to use as
well in summary the president's overall
health is excellent Bornstein said
Trump's strength and stamina are
extraordinary now here's how Jackson
characterized the president's endurance
and I'll tell you out of everybody there
the president had more stamina and more
energy than just about anybody there and
as almost two rival Bornstein statement
that Trump will be quote the healthiest
individual ever elected to the
presidency line Ronnie Jackson gave his
own bold Proclamation I told the
president that he had a healthier diet
over the last 20 years he might live to
be 200 years old so what's going on what
I think is interesting here is that you
see the president really clinging to
people who have been incredibly publicly
loyal to him this is Benny
one way to get in good with the
president right and that's we've we've
seen that he was denominated to a top
position now that didn't exactly work
out for him well but in the short term
it served him really well and I think
part of the reason you've seen such
turnover in the White House is because
he hasn't felt like people are loyal to
him and so they're incredibly loyal they
say he's 300 pounds they call it 150 I
mean let me ask you about the human
carnage at Donald Trump because you
cover a man who to me is just like the
poster boy of a Human Wreckage that
Trump believes in his path you as you
mentioned dr. Ronnie Jackson he was a
person in good standing as far as I
understood as a White House physician
meets Donald Trump gives that bizarre
performance with alarmingly similar
words used by dr. Bornstein who says
that the president dictated the letter
now we don't know if the president
dictated dr. Jackson's performance but
but there's certainly a lot of words
that that were used in both michael
cohen dr. Bornstein who in an interview
with NBC said he felt raped ronnie
jackson who you know i don't know what
he's gonna do for a job now he's out his
white house doctor he's out as VA
nominee everyone that comes in contact
with this president ends up tarnished or
worse it's it's exactly right as soon as
I saw this interview as soon as you guys
broke it yesterday my first thought was
Michael Cohen that there are just
there's basically a basket of people who
have either worked in the White House or
Finan Falls with the Trump lives for
years who have ended up just completely
chucked out of the basket and thrown
under the bus and this is what happens a
long time trump associate who hasn't
worked for the president in many years
once told me that as soon as Donald
Trump feels like you were no longer
useful to him he will get rid of you and
will feel not feel nothing about it and
I think that that is what we're seeing
over and over and over
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
