location mitts at the White House
suffered a huge loss today on its legal
team that's high cop high cops mustache
they just don't grow them like that
anymore in fact not since mr. monopoly
has an upper lip upgrade been as
prominent in America now Ty Cobb is
being replaced by this guy fine fellow
that Emmitt flood but as barefaced as a
six year old good glasses though to be
fair the administration does still have
one mustache National Security Advisor
John Bolton but really boldness to Cobb
what miniature golf is to the Masters
similar but really not really so what do
you do well the flood for Cobb switch
was engineered by Rudy Guiliani perhaps
it's time for Rudy to grow a handlebar
stache not really a style all right how
about Scott Pruett he could surely use
one maybe to hide from the press or
maybe Mike Pence vice presidential
moustaches used to be all the rage why
do I get the feeling a mustache would
never stick did that Teflon on fences
upper level well that's all for tonight
we'll be back with more MTV daily to
beat with our email we're starts right
now good evening already and yes I am
jealous of the Ty Cobb mustache I'm
impressed with the verb and the planning
that went into that well you know hey
you got it you got to entertain yourself
somehow some days hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
