targets in this week's series of
attempted bombings are all perceived as
anti-trump and if there is one less or
no name among the people you see on this
map it would be George Soros he's a
billionaire financier more behind the
scenes in the politicians but he's one
of the biggest donors to democratic
causes spending over 15 million this
campaign cycle alone now whether or not
what we're seeing here is all linked
there are a widening number of attacks
on these types of participation whether
it's activism or in Soros this case is
apparent donating which raises questions
of whether there will be a chill or
intimidating effect going forward well
tonight at a campaign rally in Wisconsin
the crowds awaiting President Trump are
not holding back take a look at what
just happened in the light of today's
attack attempted attack on Hillary
Clinton
surrogate laughing along to the chance
of locker up I am joined now by Tom
Steyer who himself like George Soros
happens to be a billionaire with a lot
of money going towards democratic causes
he's given over 40 million dollars more
than Soros this cycle thank you for
coming on tonight this is a difficult
time and it is interesting and
disturbing to many people to look at who
is being targeted what that means as a
prominent donor yourself how do you view
what is known about these attacks would
it change anything that you're doing
with your money or your participation
well Ari I view these attacks as
profoundly anti democracy and basic
terrorists attacks on our pull in our
political operation as a country but in
terms of how I'll personally respond I'm
very concerned about the safety and
health of everybody that I work with but
I don't think that we can let this kind
of terrorism change our participation in
the American political system and in our
democracy so we'll be we've tried to
take as many precautions as we can so
that the people that I work with and who
I care about can be completely safe but
at the same time we've got to go forward
and pursue our mission which is as a
grassroots organization to make sure we
have the broadest and most inclusive
democracy possible do you view it then
as a apparent political terrorism
heading into the midterms well I think
that what we've been hearing on your
show is that this is an inevitable
result of the overheated and violent
rhetoric that we've been hearing from
mr. Trump and Republicans for years
including that chant that you just
played of locker up but I think that
there's something that hasn't been said
that is equally important which is this
we have seen a continued attack on
democracy by Republican governors by the
Republican Party itself in terms of
voter suppression extreme gerrymandering
and the attempt
whay voting rights from citizens as
recently as last week in Georgia so what
we're seeing really is political
violence in an attempt to intimidate as
part of a much broader campaign where
where the Republican Party has
specifically gone past the bounds of
custom past the bounds of what is
acceptable in political life and we were
hearing a group of Democrats today say
let's go back to the kind of comedy and
good behavior that has characterized the
American right hundreds of years you
just mentioned custom on a night where
everyone is waiting to see what the
president does when he leaves the
confines of a scripted event and goes to
address a rally at a time where some
people would say a rally itself is not
fitting I want to play again because
this just happened and it's it's part of
what's on the plate for how the
president is going to deal with this on
the night that the news breaks about
this attempted attack on Hillary Clinton
ease chants take a look
final thought does the president have to
affirmatively condemn that when he comes
out on that stage tonight look of course
the president has to condemn that but I
think there's something going on here re
beyond that which is this he sowed the
wind he's reaping the whirlwind can he
really control the kind of anger and the
kind of violence that he has incited
that he has promoted that has been part
of his appeal from the very beginning of
course he should ask them to stop of
course he should say it's completely
wrong but he in so doing he will of
course have to also say that his
behavior and his attitude has been
completely wrong and I don't think that
mr. Trump can find it within himself to
do that on a difficult night to talk
about anything related to politics Tom
Steyer we appreciate getting your view
and as someone who figures into some of
these debates particularly on the on the
side of donations thank you very much
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
