I want I want to talk about Taylor Swift
because having been fired from the view
my staff thought I wouldn't care about
this story but I care about it a lot
Taylor Swift
he's one I think she has her generations
Oprah in that that would she lays her
hands on because she's so reluctant to
do so usually does make a difference
among her peers but this once again
requires young people to go out do
something they don't often do vote what
do you think of the Taylor Swift not
just the getting involved but but the
decision to sort of forego I mean it's a
risky move for a an entertainer to step
into politics and her age at her stage
in her career it's incredibly impactful
and she did it on Instagram which is
interesting she's got a huge built-in
audience and also she had become in
certain parts of the the right web kind
of the icon for kind of what they
thought were their values so here she
goes getting behind Democrats and by the
way might put it up there in the past
this is Taylor Swift writing in the past
I've been reluctant to publicly voice my
political opinions but due to several
events in my life and in the world in
the past two years I feel very
differently about that now I cannot vote
for someone who will not be willing to
fight for dignity for all Americans no
matter their skin color gender or who
they love I cannot support Marsha
Blackburn her voting record in Congress
appalls and terrifies me and by the way
she's getting involved in a race that
isn't one of the big hot races and young
people are paying attention to that
isn't Beto right it's like this is more
obscure candidate she's getting behind
so it also brings some granularity this
is the Bredesen race I mean he's not
he's the former governor of Tennessee
who incidentally did not come out
against Cavanaugh which for me means
that if the Democrats want to win
congrat it's great they're gonna win a
lot of congressional seats in the
Northeast and in California and in
fights it's like Northern Virginia if
they want to win some additional
congressional seats and places like
Tennessee and Iowa where they have real
shots if they want to set its seat in
Tennessee they they really do need to
get some you know some votes of men as
well as women and some votes that are
based on men who frankly don't care as
much as they should perhaps honestly
about these kinds of issues but who are
reachable on health care on economics
and I think some of the immigration
issues on the sense that we need someone
to check Trump in the White House so I
mean I just think the more traditional
Democratic message actually needs to be
part of it can't just be anger
Cavanagh t-swift endorsing bredesen
right now is important in part because
he didn't get on the anti Kavanagh
bandwagon and so that's something that
very possibly could have alienated some
of these young female voters who Taylor
Swift has the most influence over the
fact that she came out in support of a
man who had an opinion on the biggest
issue of the month and an opinion that
differed from where the vast majority
the Democratic Party is that is
significant another part of this that's
significant is Republicans for years
have thought that Taylor Swift was a
crypto conservative and she just didn't
want to have indeed a conservative is a
lot of cool descriptor conservatives are
voting Democratic this event actually
and urging others to do the same fill
record Donald Trump loves a Smackdown
with the celebrity and he talked about
I'm trying to get him to hold his fire
on Taylor Swift that's a great question
I don't know I suspect he's well aware
of the Instagram post
I can't imagine his advisers at the
White House would like for him to weigh
in but as we said earlier he's got a
number of these make America great again
the campaign rallies this week and we
know when he gets in front of those
crowds he can go off the script so to
speak so I not be surprised if he were
to pop off about her at some point I
would bet my last dollar that he is
better briefed on Taylor Swift's
endorsement than today's PDB hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
