joining me now is Mimi Roca she's a
former assistant US attorney in the
Southern District of New York and Steven
bin Huck's a former associate counsel
during the Ken Starr investigation into
President Bill Clinton welcome to both
of you
Mimi let me start with you you're here
you see you you know Rudy Giuliani a
little bit he's also a veteran of the
SDN why up here you see what Rudy
Giuliani is doing with his new set of
lawyers what what do you read into this
well they're certainly taking as you
said a more aggressive political stance
you know how this plays out legally
though there's only so many options
available no matter who your lawyer is
and how aggressive you are politically
now if it comes to that if they can't
work out some agreement about this
interview and Muller does in fact
subpoena him you know he's really left
with the choice of either complying with
that subpoena ending up in a grand jury
room under oath with no lawyer which I
think would be the worst case scenario
for someone like Trump or he's got to
take the fit and or a certain executive
privilege but that's probably only gonna
get him so far so he would have to
assert the Fifth Amendment privilege
which has just got to be politically so
damaged angry so legally speaking he's
only got so many options you know no
matter how aggressive they get
politically Stephen take me back 20
years and take me back to your you what
you guys were talking about in the
special counsel's office back then when
you were negotiating with then President
Bill Clinton about an interview and how
those tactics work you you ended up
getting to a place that allowed the
President to testify via video and so it
allowed him to have an attorney present
is that precedent here how would you be
handling this well it depends on what
hat I'm wearing if I'm with mr. Muller's
crew I'm going to try to use the power
of the subpoena to make sure that the
president sits down and gives me an
interview in front of the grand jury
under oath and addresses all the issues
that I want to hear evidence on if I'm
from the defense side I'm going to try
to use the the play the wiggle room that
I might have with those subpoena
and the political aspects of it to try
to minimize my exposure time wise if
subject wise and hunt it down what I
think is important to remember about
when we were doing it at the independent
counsel with Ken Starr was that we had
issued a subpoena to the President of
the United States for his grand jury
testimony and it lingered for a while
and then ultimately the president United
States agreed Bill Clinton agreed to
have an interview at the White House and
the compromise was made there was a
limitation on time though his lawyers
were allowed to be there the office
actually got a order from the judge to
allow the the attorneys to be there
because normally the grand jury is
completely secret and nobody can be
there but the prosecutor the court
reporter and the grand juror grand
jurors and the agreement was also made
that the interview would be at the White
House as opposed and played live to the
grand jury room by contrast you'll
remember that Hillary Clinton when she
was first lady in the United States
actually testified in front of the grand
jury under subpoena at the courthouse in
the grand jury room that a lawyer
without a lawyer by herself and many of
the president's highest-ranking deputies
and officials in the Clinton
administration testified in the grand
jury without a lawyer in front of the
members of the grand they exert
executive privilege well there was some
executive privilege out there in the in
the Clinton investigation this is a very
different situation I think it's the
executive privilege is a is a very
interesting aspect executive privilege
is a privilege that the president has
and if I could step back just one set
one step the Supreme Court has said that
in the grand jury is where we the people
are entitled to every man's evidence
under a subpoena and so the question is
unless you have a privilege whether it's
common law statutory or constitutional
you got to tell the truth and you got to
answer the questions as Miss Roca said
earlier Fifth Amendment is one of them
executive privilege is a privilege but
it is not a blanket privilege that's out
there like the Fifth Amendment every
human being in the United States has a
Fifth Amendment right it's pretty much
unassailable executive privilege our
Supreme Court has told us is a sliding
scale it is highest with regard to
military and diplomatic secrets and that
the executive privilege will be at its
height and if for instance the president
were asked well what did you discuss
with the Russian ambassador is it
immediately after probably able to stop
but if as you get further and further
afield there's no the general privilege
of privilege excuse me that's all right
the peasant to just have confidentiality
doesn't stop and that's what the court
said in US v Nixon when the court when
the special prosecutor Jaworski suppose
Richard Nixon for the tapes and the
documents not a grand jury subpoena yeah
but a trial subpoena a little different
but same principle an important one
absolutely and I'm glad you told us
about that sliding scale anything that's
a that that's important for folks to
understand me Moroka answer this
question why does mother even need a an
interview with the president I say it
this way I had James Comey on on Sunday
and I asked him whether he would view
the president has a credible witness
under oath or not and he said no my
guess is considering the president's
past history with the truth one would
understand that what-what-what is there
any downside of Muller not basically
said you know I don't need the interview
from him you know this has been
obviously debated a lot and I think it
depends first of all which area of the
investigation we're talking about my
opinion has been that as to the Russian
interference aspect he doesn't need it
as much because he's clearly I mean even
from those questions whoever those
questions came from exactly you can tell
I mean here he has a lot is the material
evidence he may not need right motive at
that point right and and and he already
seems to know a lot about what different
actors were doing at the time of the
campaign and right around now what the
what he wanted wants to get at is what
did Donald Trump know because you know
conspiracy law is very broad and this is
something the president clearly doesn't
understand based on his tweets if he
knew that certain people were taking
actions with respect to the Russians
during the campaign if he knew about
that and knew the purpose of it and did
anything to facilitate it even in some
small way he can be part of that
conspiracy so he's trying to get at you
know Donald Trump's knowledge and that's
something that's not so much about his
credibility as a witness that's probing
him whether he tells the truth or not to
you know to get answers
even if they're circumstantial to find
out his knowledge and then similarly
with respect to the obstruction as you
know that's all about his state of mind
and so it's not so much I mean you're
talking about someone's credibility as a
witness when you if you were relying on
Donald Trump for facts yes then it would
be a problem but that's not what he's
getting at so Stephen Murdoch if you
were Rudy Giuliani now I did the theory
that actually the best thing for you is
to actually have a make Muller subpoena
you drag out the fight because again I
go back to if you look at Donald Trump
any time he's gotten into trouble his
first instinct is to buy time whatever
it takes to buy time sometimes it's a
counter lawsuit sometimes it's you know
a threat of something else sometimes
it's just starting a new business but
there's always an attempt to buy time
well I agree but I think the other so
yes that would be one way to do it I
think the president has to look at this
as a political problem more than a
criminal problem and so what he's done
in addition to making a force in the
subpoena and making a legal challenge
the subpoena he can still do what he's
already doing which is try to deal edge
in mate mr. Muller and say look this is
a witch-hunt
it's not fair and then he goes out when
he gets us to pianet quite apart from
the legal challenge and says I don't
want to participate I'm gonna take the
fifth just because this is illegitimate
and it's a witch-hunt and the Fifth
Amendment is designed to protect
innocent as well as guilty people and
there's a lot of precedent for it and I
think his political base might go with
him on this is just not fair and so the
president should not be subjected to it
the Emir okay is it possible that Muller
while he doesn't need an interview for
perception purposes of the investigation
he has to try yeah there's that too and
and to be clear I'm not saying he
doesn't need it he did I don't think he
needs it to do you always want more
implement I'm guessing as an
investigator you never not want to talk
to somebody yeah I don't think he needs
it to gather the facts outside of what
was in Donald Trump's head but for that
he does need it so I think there's a
very legitimate purpose for it but
you're right I mean he also whatever
he's going to come out with whatever
Muller's don't you know report he's
going to issue
however this is going to end he wants to
you know let everyone know that he gave
Donald Trump the opportunity to come and
explain himself which you know the
president said he wanted at one point I
want to ask both of you about the
challenge for the new legal team and
Stephen I'll start with you with with
Donald Trump which is you don't know
what you're defending if you don't know
the whole story and that has been a
common complaint of the outgoing legal
team well that's a real big problem for
any criminal defense attorney and you
really have to rely on your client to
give you as much information as the
client can truthful fulsome information
and without that you're kind of flying
blind and it can be a very very very
scary thing to scary place to be
similarly you want to look at every
single piece of paper that mr. mauler
has so the only way you can combat that
is preparation and great communication
with your client without those two
things you really are in a very
dangerous place all right maybe if you
had a client that you knew wasn't being
truthful but you were stuck representing
him anyway how did you handle it well I
mean there's no question that Donald
Trump is not telling you no his counsel
everything and let because in the sense
that he doesn't understand I think sort
of how his actions can be perceived
legally so I don't think he's nice you
know you don't think he's withholding he
doesn't know he should be disclosed I
mean he may be one who knows but but yes
I think I think there's a big piece of
that going on with this client in
particular and you know I think it's
interesting that people were sort of
shocked at how detailed the questions
that came out Cena know wow I really
said I mean of course he does you know
Moeller knows so much more than Trump
knows and then his lawyers know but and
there's not a great option you know for
that in fairness if dealer just we're
following the story if you have the
public domain
you could have come up with 48 of those
49 questions sure there is one that you
couldn't off anyway maybe wrong
Roka a steven bin hawk thank you both
for your expertise and sharing it with
us hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
