why would Muller threaten a subpoena
what does he tell you about his case I
think what he's telling the president
the president's legal team here is that
they're not gonna listen to excuses
forever for why the president won't sit
down and talk with him at some point if
he continues to refuse a voluntary
interview if he continues to refuse to
cooperate with this investigation
they're gonna treat him like any other
subject of the investigation for whose
testimony they need and they're gonna
send them a subpoena and at that point
the president will have to decide what
he wants to do does he want to come down
and I should say if he challenges the
subpoena I think ultimately he would
lose in court and then he would face
this option does he want to come down
and testify in front of the grand jury
or doesn't want to take the Fifth
Amendment and refuse to answer questions
about his involvement in criminal
wrongdoing both during his campaign and
potentially while he was sitting in the
Oval Office that's a hard thing to
explain to the American people yeah so
Rick what is president Trump's legal
teams move the president can't possibly
continue to say this is a ruse and a
hopes and a witch-hunt if he pleads the
fifth no the pleading the fifth is out
of the question maybe the disastrous
political move look mother holds all the
cards here I do think the president and
his team does he and I read all these
questions these questions aren't check
ly difficult or hard they're just you
know they're their facts a lot of them
have to do with the way he was thinking
right that's really hard to prove unless
Muller already knows what he's thinking
they're not hard except Muller knows the
answer he knows the answers and recently
does is is for instance when Cohen got
raided right his his staff reported at
old New York Times that he would talk
about that like 20 times a day
right so you have to imagine that
everything that made the president mad
he talked about 20 times a day
so you potentially have dozens of
witnesses who would testify banal
already what he was thinking about all
these questions that he's saying what he
was thinking now if you didn't tell him
to he was thinking no one get in your
head and tell you what you're thinking
so you can't prosecute someone for what
they're thinking
unless there's corroborating evidence
about what the reasons he did it so so
in normal circumstances he should go and
testify but I don't think he's going to
be able to do that and doubt was right
and that's why he resigned and now
you're gonna have a case where he can
get us his Pina the question now this
has never been tested because lawyers
love to leave everything undefined to
protect a future client right or a
future case or scenario and I do think
this may go to is getting a subpoena
then had
then resisted subpoena then the Supreme
Court but then what happens this Rosen
scene take a take the FBI and chase the
presidential motorcade down Pennsylvania
Avenue to arrest the president that's
not gonna happen is this Republican
Congress going to impeach this president
not likely okay but but if robert muller
has all the cards does he have the law
because matt i want to share an NBC said
back in april trump's legal team
discussed making this case that a
sitting president cannot be subpoenaed
and according to people that were
familiar with the discussions on this
that the argument hinges on the idea
that a sitting president cannot be
indicted so if a sitting president
cannot be indicted can Team Trump make
the argument there's no reason why you
should be able to subpoena them they can
make the argument of course but I doubt
it's it's going to be a very successful
one there's a difference between the
question of whether you can be indicted
whether you can be a witness whether you
can come in and provide information
especially because we know that there's
another resolution for sitting
presidents the the reason that that that
people believe some legal scholars
believe and it is on it is not a settled
question but that some legal scholars
believe a president can't be indicted is
because the Constitution holds out
another way to deal with criminal
wrongdoing by by a president that's
impeachment so I think if you look at
the the you know kind of the total body
of law while this question hasn't been
tested you know the Supreme Court in the
Nixon tapes case was pretty clear it was
a unanimous decision that said that the
the grand jury's need for information
Trump's the president's rights for
executive privilege that was true for
four tapes I think it would likely be
true for his testimony as well we
ultimately have to see but courts have
been very hostile to executive privilege
claims over a number of different cases
and a number of different
administration's when it comes to a
grand jury's need for information for an
ongoing criminal investigation mark why
all the leaks from the Trump averse all
of a sudden you've got John Dowd
confirming to the AP that Muller
threatened to subpoena his list of
questions miraculously comes forward and
while the president says they were leaks
it sure sounds like they were leaked
from his camp why is this happening
was always thank you for having me this
is not a coincidence that we look at the
timing Giuliani comes on board but we
could ten days ago and this is their
modus operandi
they leaked it on purpose because you
know they want to dull the effect for
the audience their fox news audience
that crazy base that he has so they want
to put the questions out there and make
it seem as if Trump is some kind of
victim but what's amazing about it is
putting it out there to anybody else
says wait a minute there may be
something here so I think that's what
they're really up to and in his tweet
this morning how is obstruction of
justice a trap I would be fascinated
asking what kind of trap is obstruction
of justice what trap do you think that
you've been set up in in mind you not
only have Giuliani we're pretty certain
he's been still having some
communication or Roger stone someone who
has Nixon tattooed on his back I think
and when Rogers on my show last year I
always got the impression that he's
still on a quest to to vindicate his
mentor Richard Nixon so this is kind of
a thing we didn't win this last time but
we can beat it this time this is the
mistake Nixon made and this is how you
can avoid it but I think hearing about
this subpoena I mean that's that's very
very serious I don't think I don't think
Miller is just gonna do a book report on
this not only is slavery not a choice
sitting down in front of Miller is not a
choice for Trump either he's gonna have
to do it you just made me lose the day
because thinking about Roger stone
topless at any time I'm sorry I didn't
mean okay puts a Republican hat on if
those questions putting putting those
questions out plays to president Trump's
pace and his base says look he's a
victim what does it do to
self-respecting members of the GOP who
look at that and say that they're I mean
Robert Muller if he is sharing whether
it's a list of questions or even this
information he's not trapping the
president he's giving him an awful lot
of information there's two reasons that
they were leaked by Trump side now I'm
not even sure Trump knew about it but
one is what Mark pointed out is to
soften the blow the other is is when
Trump tweeted out that it was leaked he
was suggesting that it was leaked by the
Muller team right
most of trumps supporters
that and they've not heard anything else
they supporters tell me what Mitch
McConnell Ted Cruz Paul Ryan what are
these people who know better who stand
with the president think of this
question privately or publicly the one
who's in who are in reelection right now
are the ones who are after reelection
and we'll have to see look I wish my
fellow GOP members would would stand up
and have them cooperate remember we said
Trump tweeted out today now he's
changing the subject once I vote North
Korea right the reason he's changing the
subjects because he's losing this this
this legal battle so I was trying to
remember my point now what is the GOP
think of all this in public or in
private how do they stand with the
president look I think they're all
writing it out no one wants to go to a
public battle which is why Paul Ryan
didn't take on the president publicly
which he could have done when we'll
continue not to do because they want to
get reelected and they feel like they
need the Trump base to get reelected I
think some things are more important
than that and I think protecting our
Constitution and the idea that no man
including the president is above the law
is something that holds our republic
together because as I described if if it
goes to a subpoena and they'd resisted
subpoena and then the Supreme Court
rules in their favors member Lee eluded
that they probably would what really
happens it's all gonna come down to
impeachment and the Republican Party
won't stand up to impeaching that the
president over resisting a subpoena well
stand with the president's lies they can
retire or they can choose a third Lane
and stand up and that third Lane is
pretty empty right now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
