Oh we'll build the wall
all right vice-president Mike Pence's
tough talk on the immigration rallies
the crowd in Phoenix last night during
an event on tax reform there pence gave
special recognition to controversial
former sheriff and current US Senate
candidate Joe Arpaio and I just found
out when I was walking through the door
that we were also going to be joined
today by another favorite a great friend
of this president a tireless champion of
strong borders in the rule of law spent
a lifetime in law enforcement Sheriff
Joe Arpaio
you know that that is beneath contempt
you do wonder how low Mike Pence will
stoop to play to the lowest common
denominator I won't say on the right
because there's nothing conservative
about our pie o
Arpaio was convicted of contempt of
court after he refused to stop racially
profiling Latinos in Arizona and before
being pardoned by President Trump while
awaiting sentencing a lot of
conservatives yesterday reacted to those
remarkably inane comments David French
described it as quote the decline of
Mike Pence Jonah Goldberg simply wrote
come on and Brit Hume called it
depressing Alysse take out this is a guy
who who would torture kill allow rapes
allow sexual assaults to continue would
intentionally harass Americans of
Hispanic heritage chapter and verse one
of the most contemptible examples of a
public servant abusing their office and
doing everything to undermine basic
American values and Mike Pence a guy I
know a guy I served with what would
leave Mike Pence to say that I don't
think that you really have to ask at
this point in Mike Pence's career of
being an apologist for some of the worst
impulses of an authoritarian president I
think that that ship sailed a long time
ago I mean joe arpaio is a man who
claimed that there was a kidnapping an
assassination attempt on his life got a
man to arrested in prison for four years
the state had to pay the man who was
wrongly accused a million bucks from
taxpayer dollars that is the kind of man
Joe Arpaio well amitabh we've seen it
before and before time and again in
politics where Mike Pence thinks he's
playing it smart politically you know
who's playing it smart politically the
ambassador of the United Nations yes
conservatives look at nikki Haley and
they say to themselves okay I want to be
loyal to the Republican Party but that
is somebody who's tough and independent
and who will not scrounge around in the
gutter thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
