well we have new reports this morning
that say in a meeting earlier this year
Special Counsel Robert Muller reminded
president Trump's legal team that he has
the power to subpoena testimony from the
president after they suggested the
president could refuse an interview with
investigators looking into possible
obstruction of justice and Russian
meddling in the 2016 election president
Trump's former attorney John Dowd told
The Associated Press that Muller's
prosecutors broached the subject during
a meeting with Trump's legal team The
Washington Post was first to describe
the tense meeting that took place on
March 5th in which Trump lawyers
insisted he had no obligation to talk
with federal investigators according to
four people familiar with the encounter
but Muller responded that he had another
option if Trump declined he could issue
a subpoena for the president to appear
before a grand jury
Trump's then attorney John Dowd replied
this isn't some game he actually should
be telling that or he should have been
telling that to his client yeah that's
uh he said that according to two people
with knowledge of his comments you were
screwing with the work of the President
of the United States Dowd quit
Trump's legal team two and a half weeks
later reportedly over disagreements on
strategy and interview negotiations with
Muller were derailed by the raid on
Michael Cohen's offices three weeks ago
which Rudy Giuliani says the president
is resisting and Willie of course now
since doubt is left
the president has gone to the Washington
law firm of Larry Moe and Curly and so
that's his new legal team well he's got
Giuliani there too Larry Maher Lee and
Giuliana add to that of counsel exactly
and then yesterday president Trump
slammed the release of potential
questions we told you about yesterday
the ones robert muller would have to the
president
willie who would have done that well
let's find out would have done that
because moore had so much discipline and
he didn't leak out things it might have
come from the other side perhaps the new
york times publishing those questions
said to come from the president's
lawyers notes Trump tweeted so
disgraceful despot
concerning the Russian witch hunt sir
will hunt leaked to the media leet huh
but this morning more reporting suggest
president Trump was criticizing notes
that came from his own legal teams at 2j
The Washington Post reports that in
March Muller's team agreed to provide
the president's lawyers with more
specific information about the subjects
prosecutors wished to discuss with the
president according to three sources
Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow compiled a list
of 49 questions that the team believed
the president would be ass so everything
in that tweet the president put out
yesterday was almost everything was
incorrect right mainly that it would
been leaked from the Muller side that it
was a witch hunt
quite clearly these questions came from
President Trump's own legal team or
someone very close to it yeah he needs
to talk to his own lawyers which is
something you could have said over the
past six months well a couple of things
are clearly apparent from the leak of
these supposed questions they're not
really questions they're topics and 49
different topics is that's going to be
an extensive interview if he ever did
indeed sit with Bob Malloy's team which
he probably won't but one thing seems to
be for certain now this investigation is
going to drag out for months and months
and months because the president is not
going to sit for this interview he'd be
crazy to sit for this interview
well Muller will subpoena and then it'll
go to court and as I've said all along
it's sort of the Curt Flood rule you
just want the Supreme Court to start
handing down one decision after another
decision after another decision against
you because that final decision they're
going to hand down will be that the
President of the United States my hands
being died yes
well it'll start with the subpoena yes
and then maybe it'll move under a
discovery issue and finally the Supreme
Court will decide that no man is above
the law I mean this is you we've talked
general and we can talk a lot more about
your your book next segment but we've
talked about pushback from from people
who swore an oath to the Constitution
against the constitutional abuses and
abnormalities
but the courts are a shining example
from the very beginning when Donald
Trump attacked a Republican judge I
believe a court appointed by George W
Bush who made an early ruling on one of
his Muslim bans and you had corsets
criticizing him for that and you I knew
a lot of conservative federal judges the
voicing real anger that the president
the United States was as ignorant about
the Constitution as he was yeah that was
a moment for me
you mentioned the Muslim ban
particularly the first one out of the
gate what week day seven day eight and
it truly did have the black blood line
back to the campaign about they hate us
they all hate us we shouldn't let them
in the country so a lot of folks like me
wrote and eventually joined
friend-of-the-court briefs opposing the
ban itself but the courts jumped in and
stopped it because it was so much not
based on an objective threat and so much
based on the red meat of the campaign
and was really remarkable and in
maturity creature of the executive
branch - this is an area the
Constitution gives the president great
authority an awful lot of running room
and even here the court said not so fast
Wow
still I had Morning Joe hold that
thought Mike Barnicle but I don't know
if everyone knows it's his birth stop
yeah all right general Hayden takes us
through his book including his take on
that Trump Tower meeting when the future
president's campaign team hosted a group
of Russians promising dirt on Hillary
Clinton's up that lawyer mica yeah a lot
closer Kremlin to Kremlin yeah any of us
expected and Donald Trump was good
you're sitting down what's the price
made me against Donald Trump actually
said that this meeting was about
adoption oh no why is a nice flat amir
putin sending one of his kremlin agents
over did talking do you think they want
to die do you think he wants to die stop
it always possible it is always possible
it's a humanity
my pants very big chest joe arpaio
as a tireless champion really discuss
it's the same Joe Arpaio who face jail
time for criminal contempt conviction
before being pardoned by President Trump
Thank You mr. vice president way to hurt
yourself with conservatives look on
Twitter mr. vice president
but first a low thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
