all right our top story this morning
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosenstein
says the Department of Justice will not
be intimidated
that's amid reports that House
Republicans allied with the president
that the president had drafted articles
of impeachment against him related to
document requests about the Russia and
Clinton email probes Rosenstein said
yesterday that people in his department
would be guided by the law not political
pressure any reaction to the news that
certain members of the house freedom
caucus have talked about drafting up
articles of impeachment despite your
best efforts to comply with their
document requests they can't even resist
leaking their own drafts now there were
people who have been making threats
privately and publicly against me for
quite some time
and I think they should understand by
now the Department of Justice is not
going to be extorted we're going to do
what's required by the rule of law and
any kind of threats that anybody makes
are not going to affect the way we do
our job we have a responsibility and we
take an oath that's the whole point when
you take these jobs you need to be
appointed by the President and confirmed
by the Senate and that actually is a
pretty thorough process and then you
raise your right hand you swear an oath
to support and defend the Constitution
of the United States against all enemies
foreign and domestic you promise to bear
true faith and allegiance to the same
and you take this obligation freely
without any mental reservation or
purpose of evasion so help me God and
that's your responsibility everybody in
the department takes that oath we have a
hundred fifteen thousand employees and
if they violate it they know they're
going to be held accountable and I know
those folks know that I'm not going to
violate my oath we're writing we've got
a contrast there between a man who's
dedicated his entire life to the rule of
law and upholding the Constitution and
Stooges who couldn't stand on Trump just
two years ago who were now ready to
trash the Constitution of the United
States and subvert the rule of law just
so a guy who's in the White House who
may not be there two years from now
looks favorably upon that yeah they
don't they don't compare favorably to
rod roses I think Rosen Stein has not
been the guy the White House hoped he'd
be which is to say a loyal a loyal
person in the Justice Department
remember he's signed off personally on
the raid on Michael Cohen's apartment
his hotel room in his office a couple of
weeks ago that infuriated the president
ratchet up the president's attacks on
Rosenstein and now you're seeing more of
it from House Republicans but you should
go watch that entire that entire event
yes about Rosen Stein gave an incredible
defense of the constitution of the rule
of law of the separation of powers and
and by the way what stooges don't
realize and they are Stooges maybe
they're stupid
maybe they're just ignorant but they
don't realize yes right Mayim maybe
they're corrupt maybe they're trying to
cover up the president's misdeeds
well they don't some may not understand
Mike is that Rod Rosen Stein yes he
approved the review of the records of
Michael Cohen but you talk to anybody
that's work in the Southern District of
New York and they will tell you they
would not have gone after that and a
judge would never have approved it if
there wasn't a crime that was highly
likely to have occurred Joe if you watch
the entire interview it becomes clear
that Mark Meadows and Jim Jordan two
members of the house freedom caucus this
investigation the roots of this
investigation and it's clear from
listening to deputy Rosenstein during
the interview the roots of this
investigation have to do with a foreign
state Russia attacking the American
political process inflicting damage in
our democracy right what meadows in
Jordan are doing with their antics is
nothing less than trying to obstruct or
impede an ongoing investigation that's
it anybody who's trying to
obstruct this investigation so we can
find out what happened in 2016 or
nothing less than useful idiots I will
give these useful idiots though some
credit at least the Republican Party has
been consistent and their attacks on rod
Rosen Stein if they could if they had
praised him in the past and said that he
was a man of integrity if a White House
it likes let's say Sarah Huckabee
Sanders had put herself out on the line
and said that rod Rosen Stein was a man
of in tech like if they had done that
then maybe could attack them for
hypocrisy but at least they have been
consistent this is what Republicans had
to say about Rosenstein just a few
months ago and if you believe anything
that I just said about them being
consistent you haven't watched much of
this show rolling roses on is earn so
much bipartisan support to serve as the
deputy AG the Judiciary Committee
reported out his nomination with all but
one moment mr. Rosen Stein you've served
in the Department of Justice for a
couple of decades now and you've
developed a distinguished career marked
by integrity and fairness rod Rosen time
who everybody across the board has
unequivocally said this guy is a man of
upstanding character and essentially the
gold standard at the Department of
Justice he is a man of extraordinary
independence and integrity
and a reputation in both political
parties of
of great character rod Rosenstein was
confirmed by this body by a vote of 94
to 6
that's probably the only Trump
nomination so far since he's been
president that has enjoyed such broad
bipartisan support it is because of his
distinguished record I think there's
complete confidence in him and another
reason frankly for director Comey to be
out of the way so that they can have
somebody leading this effort that
everybody across the board has respect
and confidence in everybody has respect
in confident it seems pretty clear it
unequivocally clear and I I don't I
don't understand what happened I worry
Richard what happened
what's great listening that was a civics
lesson and if why you need a deep state
it's why that's why you need people
whose commitment is not to the person
but it's to the process in the law you
would want every high school kid in
America to watch that you know good for
him
that's just what this country needs and
that that's kind of who we are that's
our DNA that was actually a really good
moment and yet general you have a
president who has been at war with not
only the FBI but also the CIA also the
intelligence community from the very
beginning and you have Republicans I can
tell you the Republican Party of my use
was the Republican Party that would
strike out against Democrats when they
tried to undermine the CIA he'll forget
the Republican Party of my youth the
Republican party of the time when you
were running the CIA and before you were
running the CIA and after 9/11 we were
the ones that understood the importance
of an independent Intel community but
how that has changed since this lifelong
Democrat from Queens the Donald Trump
became president the United States so so
to summarize this is really weird
because the normal constitutional breaks
on excessive executive authority come
from the Congress that's not happening
the brakes on executive authority today
are coming from within the executive
branch by the folks Richard
you just partically described that's the
deep state career professionals governed
by the rule of law but it gets weirder
now the president is enlisting his
allies in the other branch in the
Congress the one that should be limiting
him in order to limit the agencies and
departments that work under him and and
and what's the impact of that but it
because you you certainly look at the
first 1415 months and there's some new
worrying signs but the federal courts
have pushed back against his abuse of
autocratic tendencies you've seen the
press push back against his abusive
autocratic demagogic
tendencies you see the FBI rod Rosen
Stein what a what a hero of the
Constitution Christopher Rea Mike Pompeo
a few weeks back when he was testifying
spoke truth to power all dan coates all
of them did they are you are you
heartened by the fact that there have
been some players in positions of
authority that have pushed back against
the abuses absolutely and that's the
good news story the sound you hear on
the other end of the Acela line are
these institutions digging in pushing
back against executive authority and and
and that's been fairly widespread that
said though those institutions and this
is how I get off stage with with the
book the serious thing here is not the
immediate but the long-term both serious
but I really can't concern myself with
the long-term because we are eroding
institutions we are undercutting public
confidence in institutions that whatever
you think of them now in their current
circumstances we are certainly going to
need again and now there will be wounded
for the longest time there's one other
thing I need to point out in pushing
back those institutions my tribe the
Intel guys yours journalism the FBI
we have to be careful in pushing back
against a norm busting administration
that we don't violate our own norms and
in doing that because if we do we only
add to the destruction that we don't
that vet everybody that doesn't push
back to more challenge something has
been concerned about for some time I
want it really quickly when you when you
were on last time you were talking about
so-called quote team state yeah all the
Trump people were when Donald Trump was
he obviously knew about the secret
Russian meetings and on juniors office
but the rest of us didn't know about it
he knew we had a lot to hide and so he
started attacking the Obama the CIA etc
etc and you talked about the lack of
turnover between between the Bush
administration and the Obama
administration and the Trump
administration that this isn't some
secretive deep state that these are just
career professionals that if that have
grown up and said hey you know what I'm
gonna devote my life to defending and
protecting the Constitution of the
United States I don't care who the
president is that's right I mean the
only one who really swapped out was Mike
Pompeo coming in and then Mike got to
choose his deputy Gina who Meissen hope
will be the next director but Gina was
career NSA that's not bringing in people
from the outside bringing in people from
the campaign you need somebody who knows
how the plumbing works just like I did I
picked someone from the inside too what
did you submit the u.s. system every
president comes in and he gets the
chance to appoint about 4,000 people
across the executive branch but there's
hundreds of thousands of people who he
inherits or one day she will inherit and
that is the uniqueness of the American
system it's this combination of
political outsiders hopefully with
fresher ideas with an agenda that the
American people just voted for but
career professionals who offer
continuity you have historical memory
who know how to make things work and
couldn't say actually we tried that two
years ago it didn't work for this reason
you should know that and that's what
worse than what we're seeing now is what
happens when this relationship breaks
down thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
