the president's longtime doctor his
personal physician here in New York dr.
Harold Bornstein tells NBC News that in
February 2017 Trump's personal bodyguard
and a trump organization lawyer showed
up in his office just after 7:00 a.m.
took all the president's medical records
in an exclusive interview with NBC News
the doctor describes this incident as a
raid what exactly were they looking for
well as medical records as pictures
anything they could find they must have
been here for 25 or 30 minutes
created a lot of chaos I feel raped
that's how I feel raped frightened and
sad Bornstein believes he is the victim
of a theft here and that the crime was
committed in his office he believes the
records were raided because he publicly
mentioned as the New York Times reported
in its headline at the time that he
prescribed propecia to the President to
promote hair growth it did raise ethics
questions at the time and apparently
really angered the president
I couldn't believe anybody was making a
big deal about a drug that's to grow to
grow his hair which seemed to be so
important and it certainly is not a
breach of medical trust to tell somebody
they take propecia to grow their hair
what's the matter with that they even
took pictures of Donald Trump off the
wall in his office took them with them
White House press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders addressed the story of
the doctor's office raid in today's
White House press briefing why did he
kill her who was a White House employee
at the time go and take medical records
from the president
dr. last year as is standard operating
procedure for a new president the White
House medical unit took possession of
the president's medical records it was
characterized as a rate is that your
understanding of what happened that
doctor seemed to be pretty upset about
it I know that is not my understanding
you may recall it was this dr. Bornstein
who publicly issued a letter December of
2015 in which he said candidate Trump's
recent lab results were quote
astonishingly excellent the letter went
on to draw a conclusion that was both
nowhere close to the truth and
impossible for dr. Bornstein to assess
it was this portion that got the most
attention quote if elected mr. Trump I
can state unequivocally will be the
healthiest individual ever elected to
the presidency now over two years later
dr. Bornstein told CNN tonight candidate
Trump dictated that letter over the
phone himself I will also tell you that
that letter that showed up in The Times
about his health he wrote himself you
know that yeah he wrote it himself and
me from where I come from the end of it
was just black humor it wasn't meant to
be a serious comment I guess people
don't have that sense of humor and make
no mistake this is a man's life's work
and practice this is a drama not the
comedy it appears to be to so many
people for more we're joined tonight by
Matthew Nussbaum White House reporter
for Politico and Jonathan Lemire White
House reporter for The Associated Press
and an MSNBC political analyst man Matt
I just need to hear you out on this what
what strikes you about this story and
the White House saying that you know the
standard operating procedure it can't be
to enter an office like this and seize
records right we're almost beyond parity
here
and the the saga of Donald Trump's run
and his presidency have brought a lot of
interesting and sort of eccentric
characters in into American life but dr.
Bornstein does seem to sort of stand in
his own category in all this of course
it is not standard operating procedure
to send a lawyer and bodyguard from your
private organization to your personal
physicians office at shortly after 7:00
a.m.
announced unannounced excuse me to seize
records and take pictures off the wall
the idea that that somehow standard is
is beyond the pale if there are any
lessons to be drawn from this beyond
just the bizarreness of it all I think
it is that sort of the worthlessness of
Donald Trump's loyalty here's the guy
who's been his doctor for 35 years or so
and then he says something to the times
about a hair growth medicine and Trump
abandons it says you're out as Bornstein
said later in that interview has his
office rated takes the records all of
that I think if Michael Cohen is
watching this he should be aware that
Donald Trump while he demands extreme
loyalty from everyone around him is not
showing that in return
Jonathan Lemire a couple points here a
source with intimate knowledge of the
president tells me he has extolled the
virtues of propecia to friends for years
so it's not the taking of the medication
he objects to apparently Keith Schiller
went into that office with the title
head of oval office operations something
we were unfamiliar with we Watchers of
the presidency he's retired Navy retired
NYPD and the body man the bodyguard for
Donald Trump who made the move to
Washington has since retired in Florida
talked about the optics of any and all
of this that's right well on one hand it
is dr. Borenstein is sort of the return
of a beloved supporting character from
an early season of the trumpet season
yeah but there is a little bit more to
that first of all this is yet another
claim of it there's another doctor who
has made claims about the president's
health that appear to be pretty
discredited
it is outrageous to suggest that he is
as you indicated the Donald Trump is the
healthiest person unequivocally the
healthiest person ever to hold the
office this doctor would have no way of
making that judgment of course a lot of
questions have been raised about dr.
Ronnie Jackson for also making similarly
inflated claims the belief is about the
this president's health from the White
House podium
a few months ago but there's also more
than that this is a sign again of sort
of the heavy-handed tactics used by
Trump and his crew there's some dispute
about who these records belong to the
suggestion is that usually the centers
they belong to the physician but a
patient can request copies that's
normally the procedure in most steps
here though these this sort of early
hour raid you know it with a threatening
the two hulking men apparently and a
lawyer sort of remind people of the same
tactics the president has used Michael
Cohen used perhaps on the president's
behalf with other cases threats made to
reporters threats maids to women threats
made to stormy Daniels and that's sort
of evoke this again that this is idea
that this is a president who perhaps
uses unsavory tactics to get we wants
yeah I'm also told that the doctor
wasn't yet in that day it was a
receptionist and apparently alone
patient there in the office and Matt I
have heard already speculation tonight
it's the superlatives that Ronnie
Jackson used in that now-famous briefing
from the White House press room that
have people thinking back and asking
we'll go ahead and ask the question I
don't think we have an answer could it
be that the president having gotten to
his family doctor dictated the statement
released to the public about the health
of Canada Trump could it be that the
president was able to get to a Walter
Reed physician and kind of dictate how
to talk about my health in public it
certainly raises that question I mean we
know that Donald Trump likes to use that
kind of language everything has to be
the most extreme the most grandiose I
think a few weeks ago the idea that dr.
Ronnie Jackson would have
you know kowtow to that would have been
questioned but obviously what we've
learned in in recent week about some of
these questions around dr. Jackson I
think certainly make that a legitimate
query of course I think anyone who read
that letter from dr. Bornstein is not at
all surprised that the president had
some hand in you know calling himself
the healthiest of all time that is a
very trumpian statement and that picture
we're showing right now that's no longer
in the doctor's office they took that
too they took it off the wall Jonathan
to go back to the West Wing for just a
moment it was just yesterday the Kelly
story was broken by NBC News the quotes
attributed to him about the president
and a lot of us thought in the moment
you know to quote a great film Paul II
won't be seeing him no more we didn't
think John Kelly would last long do you
have any updated reporting on the
relationship between these two men some
when we at the AP have matched some of
the NBC reporting in terms of what some
of the derogatory terms that chief staff
Kelly has used to describe President
Trump to others in the West Wing we know
that the president has floated the idea
to people around him perhaps of moving
Kelley to the Veterans Affairs
Department now the position that's now
vacated because Donna rocky dr. Ryan
Jackson won't begin there host his
nominations withdrawn people close to
Kelly has said he won't accept that
Sarah Sanders from the podium today said
also this is a non-starter let's be
clear the president often floats job
ideas to people without following
through Kelly still has position in the
White House tonight people around him
have suggested that there is still a
relationship there that it's perhaps not
irrevocably broken there's no question
the president's frustration with Kelly
have grown considerably in recent weeks
and months from his handling of the robb
porter affair to Kelley suggestion on
Fox News that Trump was gonna flip-flop
on the wall which is a signature
campaign issue something that still
bothers the president nearly four months
after Kelly said it there's certain that
this chief of staff's influence in the
West Wing has diminished considerably
the reporting the last day or two
probably will only shrink it further as
one person in the West Wing is told in
the last 24 hours you know
these days or number it's not a question
of if it's a question of when
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
