in normal times most Americans not even
a fraction of Americans could name the
Deputy Attorney General these days the
opposite is pretty much true we're rod
Rosenstein is concerned in this era of
Trump he's well known thrust into the
spotlight when his boss the Attorney
General pulled himself out of all things
Russia related and that's a lot these
days now some Republicans as we
mentioned in Congress are trolling
Rosen's time with the idea of possible
impeaching him today Rosenstein slammed
those threats saying the Justice
Department is quote not going to be
extorted and last month president quote
wrote on Twitter quote Muller is most
conflicted of all except Rosenstein who
signed FISA and Comey letter no
collusion so they go crazy but today at
an event at the Newseum in Washington as
we said in celebration of law day
Rosenstein appeared perfectly at ease
with his current situation and the
questioning of Rosen Stein got underway
with a critical question I'd like to
begin with a question that's on
everybody's mind
and I would appreciate a clear and
direct answer to to set the record
straight how do you pronounce your
that's right is it is it Rosenstein or
Rosenstein so there's no right answer to
that question my family my father
pronounces it Stine that's how I
pronounce it but I actually have
relatives who pronounced 16 so I'll
answered either one glad we got that out
of the way rosin Stein will go with also
told a story about a question his
daughter asked when his family found out
he was becoming Deputy Attorney General
my younger daughter was 14 at the time
when she heard I was going to become
deputy she asked me a very important
question she said dad does this mean
you'll get your picture in the paper
and I said no so it was quite unexpected
that whole staying out of the papers
thing is going real well we compiled
just a rough sample of the headlines
involving rod Rosenstein from just
today's news coverage so as they say so
much for that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
