day 467 of the Trump administration and
tonight's breaking news comes from the
Washington Post Robert Kosta who's
standing by to join us in a bid and his
colleague Carol lenok report that Robert
Muller has raised the possibility of a
presidential subpoena with Trump's legal
team that gets your attention Kosta and
lenok write quote in a tense meeting in
early March with the special council
president Trump's lawyers insisted he
had no obligation to talk with federal
investigators probing Russia's
interference in the 2016 presidential
campaign but Special Counsel Robert
Mullah responded that he had another
option if Trump declined he could issue
a subpoena for the president to appear
before a grand jury according to four
people familiar with the encounter
Muller's warning the first time he is
known to have mentioned a possible
subpoena to trump's legal team spurred a
sharp retort from John Dowd then the
president's lead lawyer quote this isn't
some game Dowd set according to two
people with knowledge of his comments
you are screwing with the work of the
President of the United States in the
wake of the testy March 5 meeting
Muller's team agreed to provide the
president's lawyers with more specific
information about the subjects that
prosecutors wish to discuss with the
president with those details in hand
Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow compiled a list
of 49 questions that the team believed
the president would be asked according
to three of the four people who spoke on
condition of anonymity because they were
not authorized to talk publicly New York
Times broke the story of the existence
of this list late last night we covered
it on this broadcast this new reporting
from the Washington Post adds more
insight into how it was created post
article also has more on the discussions
shall we call them between Trump lawyer
Rudy Giuliani and Robert Muller quote
last week Giuliani met with Muller to
reopen negotiations over a presidential
interview Giuliani convened the ongoing
convey'd sorry the ongoing resistance of
Trump and his advisors to a sit-down but
did not rule out the possibility still
the post says here Trump remains
strongly opposed to grand
Muller and interview resistance fueled
largely by the raids last month on the
office and residences of his personal
attorney Michael Cohen that is new so
far Trump has publicly at least seemed
willing to speak with Muller would you
be willing to speak under oath to give
your version of 100 percent I'm looking
forward to it actually also tonight the
special counsel now says he needs more
time with cooperating witness Michael
Flynn
the former Trump national security
adviser who pleaded guilty to line two
the feds in a joint filing Muller's team
and flims two Flynn's at defense
attorneys I'll get it out I've asked a
federal judge to give them another 60
days before they schedule Flynn's
sentencing they're basing that request
on quote the status of the special
counsels investigation now importantly
earlier on this network two experienced
former prosecutors said this is an
indication the investigation isn't
wrapping up anytime soon and that
Flynn's cooperation appears to have been
vital it's been fruitful and they want
more stuff and they need more time this
is not good news for Donald Trump what
they are looking to do is bring a major
indictment in which Flynn is going to be
one of the star witnesses well that as
they say gets your attention and let's
bring in our leadoff panel for a Tuesday
night one of the two reporters are broke
tonight's big story Robert Costa
national political reporter for The
Washington Post moderator of Washington
week on PBS in his spare time
Julia Ainsley NBC News national security
and justice reporter and former US
Attorney Joyce Vance who spent 25 years
as a federal prosecutor all right Robert
you get to go first set the scene March
5th the principles the dynamics the
backdrop and what ended up happening
what a scene in mr. Muller so on who is
known to be so careful with his words
has a meeting with the president's legal
team and they're having negotiations
tense
negotiations about a potential
presidential interview and as the
president's lawyers continue to balk at
the suggestion and say they need to have
more information mr. Muller brings up
the possibility of a subpoena and that
gets set president's then lead lawyer
John Dowd to snap back your messing
around with the President of the United
States and that led to the Muller team
to provide information to the
president's lawyers about the areas of
interest of the probe which then led mr.
Sekulow the president's current attorney
to compile a list of potential questions
that the legal team views as things that
Muller could ask so this started this
list started life as kind of the area's
well known to Muller and his team that
they would obviously want to take the
President to during an interview it came
the the information from the Muller team
came from after that March 5th meeting
that meeting revealed to both sides that
they weren't going to agree in an
interview at least not yet and you have
Muller and his prosecutors and his
investigators trying to prod the
president and his attorneys to agree to
an interview to not just have written
responses to questions but to sit down
and to explain the president's intent on
many of these decisions over the past
year
Joyce you get to legal questions to
start off you get to tell our viewers
whether it is possible whether we think
in the confines of law in 2018
to successfully subpoena a president and
part two of the question what Muller
have had - gone in there with at least
the tacit approval of Rosenstein at DOJ
it seems clear that DOJ believes that
DOJ can subpoena a sitting president and
it's extremely unlikely Brian that molar
would have gone in and would have
discussed the topic of a subpoena with
the president's legal team without
molars without rather rosin Stein's
explicit approval for doing it it's the
sort of significant step in a very
significant case that prosecutors don't
really take without thorough
consultation I remember an earlier
Attorney General who once told his US
attorneys
he didn't want to hear about major steps
in a case for the first time on the
front page of the New York Times that he
wanted them to be thoroughly vetted
inside of the Justice Department I don't
think that that policy has changed any
julia where do we think Rudy and Muller
stand in their on-again off-again talks
about the the confines of an actual
interview so I'm glad you asked that
question because what we're looking at
in the meeting that Roberts talking
about in his great reporting is a
meeting that happened in March 5th that
was before the early April raids on
Cohen's apartment that threw everything
up in the air Brian we reported that
after that the President did not want to
sit down for an interview and he brought
in a new legal team he got rid of J tau
John Dowd he brought in Rudy Giuliani
and what we understand now from our
reporting just today is that this new
legal team is still trying to sort of
get a hold of all of the pieces they're
reviewing documents they can't come in
cold and expect to know everything that
the last legal team took months to
understand so there's a new path here
there could be new negotiations there
could be new questions that have come up
for Muller over the last month or two
and now Giuliani will be reviewing those
from what we understand a lot of the
concern has shifted away from exactly
what Muller wants to ask and into what
might be coming out of these New York
rates if there's new information that
Cohen could have exposed to Muller that
could then be on his radar which would
be separate from the questions that
we've seen in the last 24 hours
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
