John Kelly is the new Rex Tillerson John
Kelly is quoted in an exclusive NBC news
reports saying this about his boss the
President of the United States he's an
idiot john kelly issued a written
statement in response to that story in
which he did not deny that he called the
president an idiot just like Rex
Tillerson never denied the NBC News
report that he called the president a
moron here is John Kelly's written
statement that does not specifically
deny that he called Donald Trump what
most people in the country have at some
point called Donald Trump I spend more
time with the president than anyone else
and we have an incredibly candid and
strong relationship he always knows
where I stand and he and I both know
this story is total BS I am committed to
the president his agenda and our country
this is another pathetic attempt to
smear people close to president Trump
and distract from the administration's
many successes now okay a couple things
number one since when do White House
Chiefs of Staff abbreviate profanities
in their written public statements to
the news media don't worry don't bother
going to look it up the answer is this
is the very first time in history and so
John Kelly who fancies himself the
standard bearer of honor and dignity in
the most dishonorable and undignified
White House in history becomes the first
White House chief of staff in history to
put BS in writing in his official
statement let's not let that one just
slip by unnoticed in the stream of
sludge pouring out of the Trump White
House every day and the oven thing is he
did not deny saying he's an idiot
and when a news story has a quote like
that that is the most explosive piece of
a long news stories you don't just issue
a blanket denial of the entire story of
every word in the story and so the world
patiently awaits John Kelly's denial
that he called the president
an idiot repeatedly Rex Tillerson
staunchly refused to ever deny that he
called the president a moron and so
tonight John Kelly is firmly in the
Tillerson camp on this one judging by
the white house chaos score alone John
Kelly is without question the worst
White House chief of staff in the
history of the job and John Kelly is the
worst public liar in the history of the
job and John Kelly has supported more
public lies by a president than any
other White House chief of staff in
history including this lie this weekend
senator Jon Tester of a really great
place Montana
he took a gentleman who is a truly
high-quality human being and what they
said about him what they said about this
great American doctor Ronnie Jackson an
admiral in the Navy
Chester started throwing out things that
he's heard well I know things about
tester that I could say to
and if I sent him he'd never be elected
again the altar up is lying about Jon
Tester he knows nothing about Jon Tester
he knows he's lying about Jon Tester
and he's lying about dr. Ronnie Jackson
who has been criticized not just by Jon
Tester
and the Senate committee staff including
the Republicans the Republican staff on
the committee but by vice-president
Pence's wife and her physician who say
that dr. Jackson improperly violated the
patient confidentiality of Mike Pence's
wife John Kelly knows all of that and
doesn't care about any of it because
John Kelly has lied with just as much
gusto about a member of the House of
Representatives the congresswoman
stood up and in the long tradition of
empty barrels making the most noise
stood up there and all of that and
talked about how she was instrumental in
getting the funding for that building
now she took care of her constituents
because she got the money and she just
called up President Obama and on that
phone call he gave the money the twenty
million dollars to build a building and
she sat down and we were stunned stunned
that she'd done it even for someone that
is that empty of barrel we were stunned
someone who's that empty a barrel
when immediately every word of that was
proven to be completely false out right
live from start to finish john kelly did
exactly what donald trump would have
done nothing no apology nothing and John
Kelly's refusal to do the decent and
honorable thing and apologize to the
black woman who he so casually lied
about and called an empty barrel told me
more about John Kelly than anything else
he has done or said in the Trump White
House and he has not redeemed himself
one bit since his vicious Lying attack
on congresswoman Frederica Wilson the
tragic truth of John Kelly is that no
one working in the Trump White House has
publicly demonstrated a closer moral
resemblance to Donald Trump himself than
John Kelly the NBC news report about
Kelly calling Trump and idiot indicates
that John Kelly believes his job is to
make Donald Trump even crueler to
immigrants especially young immigrants
whose future depends on the daca program
that the president has tried to kill
this is from the NBC news report he
doesn't even understand what daca is
he's an idiot Kelly said in one meeting
according to two officials who were
president we've got to save him from
himself
John Kelly gloats in that report and
pride and having prevented the president
from entering a perfectly reasonable
agreement on daca with Democrats White
House insiders in that report say that
John Kelly only has one goal now and
that is staying in the job until July so
that he can have completed one full year
as White House chief of staff and
pretend that leaving the job is his
choice the question for John Kelly
tonight is how long will the man who
john kelly calls an idiot keep John
Kelly in that job hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
