I want to bring into the conversation
now somebody who understands the legal
part of this better than I do how big a
deal of it is this news from the
Washington Post tonight that the
president is now essentially being
threatened by the special counsels
office that he may face a subpoena in
the Russia investigation
Joyce Vance is a former US Attorney for
the Northern District of Alabama and she
understands these things even when I
definitely do not Joyce thank you very
much for being here tonight I really
appreciate you making the time
not a problem Rachel what is the legal
precedent here it seems like there's an
implicit tension and what the Washington
Post is reporting that the the special
counsel's office is telling the
president's lawyers hey we have the
option to subpoena the president he can
tell us he's not going to testify but we
can make him and it sounds like the
president's lawyers are comfortable with
the fact that this are comfortable with
the idea that the special counsel
doesn't have that power even if they
want to try to exert it it is their
legal clarity on this there is clarity
to this extent the Justice Department
does have the ability to subpoena a
target whether that's true when the
president is either a subject or a
target of an investigation is uncharted
territory and it would have to be really
the answer could only come on appeal
which as Carol points out could be a
somewhat time-consuming process but also
politically a costly process for a
sitting president if this did become a
legal fight if this did go to the courts
with Moeller's team saying we can compel
the president's testimony the
president's lawyers saying no you can't
it goes into the appellate courts is
this the sort of thing that the Supreme
Court might fast-track the way they did
for example in Bush v Gore where we
didn't wait for it to wind its way
through the courts the Supreme Court
just grabbed it and decided so it's hard
to predict but one suspects that it
would be fast-tracked and Muller has on
his team one of the most experienced
practitioners of criminal law in front
of the Supreme Court so he is fully
loaded to take on this kind of issue
expeditiously is there any advice or
precedent that the Supreme Court itself
has to follow in term
of whether or not it takes something up
on an expedited matter it there's not in
in many courts matters will be taken up
on an expedited basis when it serves the
interests of Justice here this could
either go on the usual tortured
appellate track or they could make a
decision to bring it along more quickly
one suspects that with the whole country
hanging they would find a track that
would allow it to resolve more quickly
than ordinarily it would choice we've
had these two big scoops that the news
guides decided to dump like right at
9:00 p.m. right as I was going to nights
in a row
I feel so bad for you Rachel I'm so
sorry feel bad I mean there is reason to
invest in some sort of hypothetical
betting on me the prospect of me having
a lot of ulcers in the future I think
that would be a smart thing to do but if
you take these two stories together and
they both seem to derive from this early
March meeting between the president's
legal team and the special counsel these
stories are a there are more than a
dozen topics that the special counsels
office wants to ask the president from
the perspective of at least one of the
presidents Russia lawyers those topics
can break down into nearly 50 individual
questions themselves that are in each of
those 50 individual questions itself
could be broken down even further in
terms of follow-ups and and more
detailed answers and then we've got this
further reporting news that in that same
meeting part of what was discussed is
the prospect that the president might be
forced to testify in these matters even
if he doesn't want to if you take all
that together what's your sense of the
kind of legal jeopardy the president is
facing right now in the Special Counsel
investigation if you were the
president's lawyer or if you were the
president would you feel good or bad
about your prospects now compared to how
you might have felt in the past if he
was anyone other than the president I'd
be deeply worried because he's the
president we have this ambiguous
question of whether he can ever be
indicted but just because he can't be
indicted wouldn't mean that if this
evidence really is as significant as it
looks from the questions
that he wouldn't face obviously a
proceeding on the hill but Rachel's
something that jumps out at me is what
it took for Muller to have the ability
to raise the issue of subpoenaing the
president that means that rod Rosenstein
the Deputy Attorney General who's in
charge and who oversees this
investigation was also on board would
have had to authorize the use of a
subpoena against the President of the
United States and that tells you that
this evidence has been carefully
reviewed this is not a step that they
would have taken lightly they would have
considered whether that evidence was
available from other sources whether it
was critical to the investigation they
would have considered privilege issues
and then they would have made a very
serious decision that ultimately they
were entitled to subpoena the president
if he declined to voluntarily testify
Wow just to underscore that point and
make sure I understand do you think that
the special counsels office would have
to ask for clearance from rod Rosenstein
even to raise the prospect of a subpoena
with the president's legal team or would
they only need that permission in that
that review from him that oversight from
him when it came to the point of
actually signing off on the subpoena
prosecutors never threatened to take an
action that they can't take so for this
to even come up in this kind of a tense
setting the issue would have been fully
vetted inside of the department and that
tells me that molar and Rosenstein would
have had this conversation in advance of
this March meeting it's a little bit
concerning that this information leaks
out now on this same timeline where we
hear there's some activity on the hill
that's designed to impeach or censure
Rosenstein and one has to wonder whether
that's part of choice fance former US
Attorney for the Northern District of
Alabama Joyce thank you very much
sometimes on this show you feel like
like as as you're having a conversation
with somebody not only are you learning
something but you're realizing like oh
I'm gonna be looking at the internet
machine tomorrow and that exchange that
I just had Vance is going to be
everywhere all day that was revelatory
and what she just said about rod
Rosenstein and what must be his
involvement at this point that is
actually the subject
our next story tonight stay with us hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
