scandal-ridden epa chief scott pruett
who somehow still has his job is not as
far as we can tell a big one for
personal responsibility appearing before
Congress last week Pruitt blamed his
staff his political enemies
pretty much everyone but himself for
conduct in office that has now led to
and I'm not making this up 11 federal
investigations now just today Washington
Post reporting that a lobbyist helped
arrange Pruitt's controversial $100,000
trip to Morocco with the lobbyist later
winning a $40,000 a month retroactive
contract with the Moroccan government
Wow look at that on Capitol Hill last
week Pruitt insisted he had no knowledge
of EPA officials being sidelined for
questioning his apparent habit for
lavish public spending
but according to Pruitt's own former
deputy chief of staff that was a
flat-out lie he said he was not aware of
any employees being pushed out for
raising red flags was he just straight
outline boldface lying boldface line to
Congress that guy you saw there said
bull face line Kevin che molesky he's a
trump loyalist a former Trump campaign
staffer who appeared on stage with the
president he was appointed to the APA by
Trump and he says he was pushed out for
questioning Pruitt spending he describes
how a manager told him bluntly hey
administrator Pruitt either wants me to
fire you or put you in an office that he
doesn't have to see you again at one
point she molesky says he was personally
threatened by Pruitt's head of security
that would be Pasquale Nino perotta
there on the left who reportedly played
a central role in authorizing and also
enabling Pruitt's lavish spending habits
including his legendarily massive
security detail parada is set to be
interviewed Wednesday by the House
Oversight Committee and today you
resigned from the EPA Wow pretty
interesting timing pirata wasn't the
only one also stepping down just today
was Albert Kelly a former banker who is
now barred from working in the finance
industry by the FTC because of a banking
violation who you may recall from such
Pruett scandals as his role in financing
the shell company purchase of a fancy
home in Oakland
or Pruitt often stayed that sort of
shady behavior is absolutely endemic in
the Trump administration and it comes
from the top hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
