rare public pushback today from the man
overseeing the rush of Pro Bob Miller's
boss rod Rosenstein clapping back
against anonymous Republicans in
Congress whom he alleges are trying to
basically extort the DOJ with threats
the issue is that a right-wing faction
of House Republicans have a draft to
potentially impeach Rosenstein and they
say it's all over the DOJ withholding
documents leaking address
I saw that for Anthony I don't know who
wrote it I just don't have anything to
say about documents like that but nobody
has the courage to put their name on
this and that they leaked in that way
because there are people who have been
making threats privately and publicly
against me for quite some time and I
think they should understand why now the
Department of Justice is not gonna be
extorted no courage that is as strong a
language as you'll see from most
nonpartisan prosecutors in public and
keep in mind there's nothing partisan
about this fight this is Republicans
waging a stealth war on the prosecutor
in a Republican administration appointed
personally by Donald Trump himself now
late today the leader behind this
impeachment draft firing back and saying
Rose ensign should quote step aside if
he feels he's facing extortion which
doesn't even make sense we'll get to
that there are other sides the heat is
getting to other people take Fox News
anchor sean hannity who had been hiding
the fact he shares a lawyer with the
president he has this reaction i'm gonna
show you as he was processing the new
york times report about those miller
questions in real time i am told by my
sources tonight that the new york times
is full of crap how stupid is it they
want to get in the president's mind did
you ever think of firing muller when he
never fired muller if this is successful
this is america becoming venezuela half
of them are asinine this new york times
thing put it in your fireplace and burn
it be half of these questions are dumb
anyway this garbage from the new york
times tonight absolute garbage i want to
bring in a former aide to the Clinton
and Obama campaign's Jake Holman Dury
and Bill Burton who served in the White
House as deputy press secretary for
President Obama as well bill your friend
Sean there clearly moved what is
happening I have to start by
fact-checking you he's not my friend
I fell asleep this this White House is
in crisis and it's careening from crisis
to crisis to crisis and Sean Hannity is
its number-one cheerleader on the
outside I think he's doing everything he
can to throw dust up in the air about
this very serious investigation he
completely clearly was unhinged last
night I like that he assumed that all
viewers had fireplaces where they could
go and burn these questions but I mean
look if Donald this this is like getting
the test in advance and being able to go
in and take it like if Donald Trump
can't do that
what's he gonna do here I don't
understand I have this is a new
statement from Mark Meadows I don't
understand
literally the claim that if rod Rosen
son feels that he's being extorted out
he should get out I mean that's what
they came up with but this is actually a
pretty serious and it's very rare to see
he's the acting Attorney General for
this price speaking out in this way well
I mean one of the things that the house
freedom caucus Sean Hannity and Donald
Trump are doing is they are attacking
Bob Muller and this investigation the
same way they attacked Hillary Clinton
in the campaign they are accusing them
of everything they themselves are guilty
of even to the extent that Sean Hannity
is accusing Bob Muller of asking dumb
questions when it comes to asking dumb
questions Sean Hannity's perhaps an
expert in this area and he knows pretty
well but if you think about it it's a
very heavy lift to do - Bob Muller what
they did to Hillary Clinton or even to
some extent Barack Obama Bob Muller is a
middle-aged white male with a very
extensive experience and background in
the military and law enforcement these
areas make him very attractive to
Republican voters and if you look at
polling on the Moller investigation it
is very clear this is backfiring you
know there's a recent Fox News poll that
showed 67 percent a respondents believed
that the mall approach to continued 64%
said Bob Muller has treated Donald Trump
fairly those numbers are extremely high
and they would not be that high if not a
significant number of Republicans were
approving of this probe so you're making
you're making political observation
about whether this works that the old
saying was if the only tool you have is
a hammer everything looks like a nail
you're saying so if you only opponent in
your mind is crooked Hillary and you
always go to the crooked Hillary
PlayBook right and while more voters
rejected that then supported it it did
provide an electoral college path you're
saying it's not going to work as well
but put that in the context of why we
show Sean Hannity it's not because we
just want to put our feet up and just
play other news broadcasts instead of
our own we do our own but it's because
Sean Hannity at this juncture does not
appear to be an independent member
of the media it is one of the quickest
ways we can learn about the mindset of
the actual Trump team we read even the
Washington Post Haley offers a
media-driven president a sympathetic ear
and shared grievances White House aides
have dubbed him the unofficial chief and
staff chief of staff and he basically
has quote a desk in the place Washington
Post reporter yeah and look this should
really give chills to every American the
way Sean Hannity is going about this
because basically if you think about it
40 years ago we had a conservative icon
Barry Goldwater who was actually the
person who went to Richard Nixon said
you have to go and now 40 years later we
have his purported ideological hair heir
Sean anity and the house freedom caucus
now willing to assist Donald Trump in
his own Saturday night massacre but
doing it on his bass and that spirit
let's take a look at Sean Hannity on rod
Rosen Stein bill take a look look at rod
Rosenstein articles of impeachment
drafted and the media is ignoring it did
Rod Rosenstein have anything to do with
signing off on the FISA warrants and
lying to FISA courts with information
that was unverified uncorroborated and
paid for by hillary clinton when you
look at that in the context of what else
is going on which is the questions for
the president from Muller and Mike Flynn
tonight having extra time before he gets
sentenced or potentially goes to jail
because the information he's providing
do you see if someone who's worked in a
White House do you see this as a full
meltdown a full tan T if you will or is
this just more noise that would come on
any given week well I think in this case
it's much more serious like it's very
rare that you talk about articles of
impeachment being drawn up at any level
inside the House of Representatives so
the fact that this is happening now I
you know I wish we'd use this when
george w bush was president to get some
of the people who were working on his
his staff and his cabinet out but you
know at this here's the problem as my
friend points out it takes courage in
order for republicans to stand up and
say at some point this isn't right and
the only courage you've seen out of
house republicans these days where they
actually have some power over what
happens to the white house is paul ryan
firing the chaplain for having a prayer
about taxes and poor people i mean
it's it's it's unfortunate that you
don't have the kind of conservative
icons who are willing to stand up and be
strong even as they go off to retirement
as they go off in into their next phase
of life and actually say all this is
wrong like we need to do something to
stand up and stop this
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
