welcome back is if the sting of Brett
Cavanaugh's conformation weren't painful
enough for Democrats there's this I
could just see it just from traveling
around the country in the last few days
traveling on Wisconsin the Republican
base is definitely animated after this I
think it really has energized
conservatives across the state of Texas
I think a lot of Texans a lot of
Americans watched what happens the last
few weeks and were disgusted by the
behavior of Senate Democrats this is
going to the streets at the ballot box
I'm going to never campaigned against a
colleague in my life that's about to
change
I want to thank the other side for the
tactics that have allowed us to kind of
energize and get involved our own voters
those are Republicans celebrating not
only their Cavanagh victory but also the
notion that the grueling fight over his
confirmation helped their chances in
November and recent poll numbers back
that up Democrats enthusiasm gap a
measure of how many registered voters
say they're interested in the midterms
has been cut from 16 points in July to
just four in the latest NBC news/wall
Street Journal poll for more I'm joined
by Mark Lauder
former special assistant to President
Trump and currently a member of the
Trump 2020 advisory board mark good to
see you good to see you Katie do you
think that the Republicans are being a
little bit too confident too cocky about
the Cavanaugh confirmation and the
effect it's gonna have on the midterms
no I think what we see is the is the
enthusiasm level going up not only in
your poll but we're also seeing it in
the fundraising the the RNC is reported
a 500% increase in fundraising from the
beginning of September to the beginning
of October I think the NRCC which is the
campaign arm of the of the congressional
Republicans I think their fundraising
has been up 418 percent so we're seeing
it across the board the question is is
now we have to make sure we translate
that and hold on to it all the way
through November does it help to have a
social media campaign that is got a
hashtag beers for breads that was
apparently being supported by at least
one very prominent Republican Senator
John Cornyn tweeted this it was
champagne he says not quite beers for
Brett but bub
for Brett instead is that the way to
fire up the bass it's certainly a way to
anger a lot of Democrats and women I'm
not sure that it's funny but I'm not
sure if that's gonna that's gonna
translate to any votes no I think what
we've got to do is we've got to remind
people what they have gone through and
what's at stake I mean you as you've
mentioned and you were asking your
earlier guests you know is the
impeachment on the table if House
Democrats take over come January of next
year that's a very real question we know
what it'll mean to the President's
agenda it looks like right now we're
going to gain seats in the Senate so
that right now in control of the house
is what's at stake and how do we move
forward from there do you think that
running on this idea that Democrats are
Democrats intend to impeach judge
Kavanagh is the way to keep the
enthusiasm about this nomination in play
for the next 29 days and I ask that
because Cavanaugh was confirmed with 31
days to go until the election the access
hollywood tape which was all but
forgotten by election time came out 32
days before the 2016 election I'm not
necessarily sure that that will keep
going for 31 days but I do think there
are aspects of what we saw play out that
can carry forward I mean we've seen not
only an increase in in enthusiasm and
donations but we've also see starting to
see some unity coming back together even
from some nevertrump errs and folks who
are more in the middle maybe moderate
who have come back to the Republican
Party because of what they saw going on
and how Democrats treated judge now
justice Kavanagh but also just in terms
of the general I would say the antics
and the circus that that was created
during this entire process is it is it
demo Republicans that are coming back
after the Kavanagh process or is it just
male Republicans because the when you
look at the enthusiasm gap there's a
four-point advantage still for the
Democrats so there's that but there's
also a very giant or a very large gender
gap there when you look at women for who
women prefer 55 percent say Democrats
compared to
35% for Republicans for men it's 50% for
Republicans why do females why are women
not coming back to the Republican Party
I think there could be many reasons for
that and then that's one of the things
that we have to identify not only in
this campaign cycle but moving forward
as a party but one of the things I would
that I think is that as we solve this
process play itself out I think outside
of the very active on both ends of the
spectrum of the political activists when
when you look at those people in the
middle the moderates the maybe the you
know the the suburban college-educated
men and women when they saw what was
going on and then you add to that the
far left word shift of the Democratic
Party now really it more embracing
socialism you've got a lot of people who
are going to be asking themselves is
this the Democrat Party that I used to
support or that I would occasionally
support here in there then why are women
coming back to the Republican Party do
you think Kavanagh helped or hurt
Republicans with women I I think as in
certain groups with maybe some of those
in the middle it might help we'll wait
to see this has just happened so polling
will probably take a few days or a week
or so to truly start to capture any kind
of change there but I'll tell you I had
a lot of people friends of mine who were
I would say moderate middle-of-the-road
lukewarm on the Republican Party that
had told me in recent weeks that they're
really taking a look they did not like
how they targeted this man his family
his reputation over this and then when
you saw the protests and you saw people
literally clawing at the doors to get
into the Supreme Court over the weekend
that just rubbed people the wrong way
but are you so sure that those
protestors are only Democrats no I'm not
convinced that those are only Democrats
I also don't think that they were only
women there were a number of people
there and there are a number of reasons
why people would show up in protest on
one side of the other there were people
who were there supporting judge Kavanagh
in some of in some of these rallies so
but when you see overall the the
coverage that was it was mostly
focused on the anti Cavanaugh crowds and
I think whenever we get to that
radicalization in terms of climbing the
steps and banging on the doors of the
Supreme Court or or or yelling and
during the confirmation vote itself
those kinds of things people who are
more middle-of-the-road and moderate not
necessarily living for every breath that
politicians say like we do in Washington
DC I think it just has a general ability
to put people off and make them think
twice what about those women that that
were victims of sexual assault that were
there protesting but what about the
women who were at home who are victims
of sexual assaults who were watching do
you think that that turns them off when
they see that no I think that absolutely
and there are probably a very good
number of people who would identify with
the feelings and rightfully so because
sexual assault is a terrible crime in
some cases it's a terrible incident and
women who have been assaulted should be
able to
political standpoint though when you
look at the visuals of how that takes
place I think there is a chance that
that is that could impact some people
who are not necessarily as motivated as
those who are coming out pro and con on
the extremes and coming out and
protesting we will see what the next
round of polling says we will see
ultimately though what happens in
November mark alatar thank you so much
for joining Thank You Kenny hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you
on YouTube subscribe now
