America ever met dr. Ronnie Jackson
there was this guy Harold Bornstein who
have been Donald Trump's personal
physician for more than 35 years and
during the campaign released a statement
saying Trump will be quote the
healthiest individual ever elected to
the presidency
shortly after Trump is inaugurated
Bornstein gave a series of interviews
where he told the press he'd prescribed
a hair growth medication for Trump now
in an NBC News exclusive report we're
learning that just two days after that
admission Bornstein says his office was
rated by three men including former
White House aide and Trump's bodyguard
Keith Schiller
here's Bornstein addressing the incident
to NBC News I feel raped that's how I
feel raped frightened and
said I was completely surprised the
morning or two after the story about his
hair ran she said so you want it to be
the White House doctor forget it you're
out
I couldn't believe anybody was making a
big deal about a drug that's to grow to
grow his hair which seemed to be so
important and it certainly is not a
breach of medical trust to tell somebody
they take propecia to grow their hair
what's the matter with that what exactly
were they looking for
well his medical records his pictures
anything they could find we must have
been here for 25 to 30 minutes
never in 30 years that I ever talked
about Donald Trump of that with anybody
who didn't work in this facility
never I was very ultra careful to lock
the charts and lock the labs I lease it
clearly sounds like illegal search and
seizure and he probably should have gone
straight to the police afterwards but
that said he should not have been
disclosing Donald Trump's prescription
medications no matter if it is something
cosmetic that's still I think is
protected within the code of you know
the HIPAA violations that they're
supposed to keep so that's not what
Sarah Huckabee Sanders thought why did
kill her who was a White House employee
at the time go and take medical records
from the president's personal doctor
last year as is standard operating
procedure for a new president the White
House medical unit took possession of
the president's medical records it was
characterized as a raid is that your
understanding of what happened that
doctor seems to be pretty upset
I know that is not my understanding I
don't know a lot about much at all that
is not normal Jeremy bash my mission in
life is to get you off topic from the
Pentagon and the CIA your thoughts I'm
off topic Nicole I think the way in 2018
you quote take possession of medical
records is you send something call it an
email and you say please transmit the
records to the medical office let me
just make a serious point as with all
things trumpian like this didn't have to
be a black eye this could have been
handled in a civilized manner without
making your doctor feel and his words
raped you could have knocked on the
doors we could have sent an email you
could have made an appointment and said
we didn't think we were gonna win but
now that we had let's move his medical
records into the White House system so
they're all in one place it's it's it's
at best something that was conducted in
a terribly unprofessional manner
yeah there's a character in the show
time show billions wags wags would do
okay that's right and and and only in
Hollywood would they cross it out on the
script saying no no they can't send an
email that actually sent three people to
the office muscle up and basically cause
the doctor to fear for his life so so
Ronnie Johnson was the president's
personal physician before he sort of
flamed out miserably as his va nominee
Ronnie Jackson incapable of responding
to allegations that we still don't know
at this point whether they're true or
not but but they pertained to his record
as a physician they included allegations
of over prescribing percocet of drugs
gone missing of drinking on the job and
of over prescribing sleep aids and other
things now you've got the president's
doctor's office raided right after he
reveals that the president took four
pichia one thing that always stuck in my
mind that Ronnie Jackson had done that
earned him a lot of affection from the
president was to stand in that briefing
room and hold court for I believe like
64 minutes it happened in the four
o'clock hour and
say that if he could he could he would
live to 200 years I'm he gave a weight
that didn't seem likely based on the
president's appearance and he testified
to the president's mental acuity which
we have no way of knowing the facts but
he offered up things that seemed to be a
stretch and now you've got a doctor's
office that's been raided it certainly
points to an area that the president
wants to keep shielded yeah so the
president uses the White House physician
office like he'd love to use the FBI or
the Justice Department like they're his
personal political agents and again
again thank goodness that so far
Rosenstein has not fallen for it but
what kind of doctor does this as a
question that I have and so the call to
your earlier point about if Trump were
just a regular subject and say to a
conspiracy would he be implicated I
think when we look at this conduct I
mean maybe sending strong men to steal
confidential material pressuring
witnesses coordinating their story
crushing in the investigator and the
prosecutor if he were a normal round
away boy in Bronx he would be going down
do you agree I haven't seen billions I
can imagine but I have a vision in my
head of who waxes and yeah this is you
for sure like bust wags for something I
think I would probably buff swag for
something happen you'd get ax that's how
good you are I'm gonna have to watch the
show so I to Paul's point I mean this is
all of a piece right all of this conduct
is stuff you would expect I guess on a
show like billions from a character like
wags I think Paul's right I mean this is
not the type of behavior we expect from
the President of the United States this
is what we expect from lacs
and how about the fact that it's just
another indication that laws that
boundaries that rule of law doesn't seem
to be anything that concerns him it may
not concern him but I'll tell you what
it concerns Muller and his team and I'm
with Paul on rod Rosen Stein to have
said I had some concerns about things
rod that done
think he's standing for the rule law as
are the men and women of the FBI
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
