joining me now has been with us he's of
course editor-in-chief at the law fair
blog and MSNBC legal analyst and you're
here for one topic on one topic loan the
Muller questions try to understand them
a little bit more how common is a
practice like this of an investigator
saying prosecutor to a potential to a
subject of a probe not a target but a
subject here the here's here the
questions I would like to ask not our
client it is not okay
you know usually as an investigator you
want a little bit of the element of
surprise not in a gotcha way but you
don't want to give somebody the
opportunity to sort of practice I don't
give you the questions in advance we're
not even in a non antagonizing situation
we don't do that well I am proud what's
the reef you are a prosecutor what's
your motivation to do that so I think
the motivation in this case would
probably have been that the look the
president can refuse can take the fifth
can force you to issue a subpoena and
then litigate it and take months and
months of your time or you can try to
reassure him a little bit and say look
we're not out to get you here we'll be
in transparent here's here are the
subjects that we want to talk about the
questions are not specific they're there
they were very general they're pretty
general so they're more like giving
topics than then laying out the specific
questions so I think it's it's partly a
sort of padam on the back and say it's
okay we're not we're not we're not gonna
bite here's here's what we want to talk
about let's be realistic as we always
say the follow-ups are supposed to be
the killers anyway never the initial
question no way whether it's an
interview on television or an interview
in a prosecutor's look you know you're
gonna you're the goal from from the
Muller team's perspective I assume is to
is to say stuff that is truthful and
honest and has the effect of getting him
in the room and then ask the questions
within within that ambit that you need
to ask in order to complete your
investigation
there's an old joke that says no lawyer
should ask a question they don't already
know the answer to do you assume Muller
knows the answer to all 49 questions is
an a answer I assume that Muller has
developed evidence with respect to all
49 questions
and part of the point of asking the
questions is to see whether the answers
that the president gives is consistent
with other evidence that they have
developed or whether there is a
divergence that needs to be explained I
I asked James Comey on Sunday whether he
would view if the president were under
oath or not whether he view the
President as a credible witness and he
said he wouldn't
so it's considering some the president's
own history sometimes they're at that
positions and sometimes what we've seen
in his comfort with not telling the
truth including about lies questions he
directed this morning there were no
questions on collusion what's the point
of asking a question if you don't think
your witness is ever going to give you
an honest answer
well so first of all you want
uuugh you always want if you can to hear
from the subject of an investigation
give them a chance to be on the record
and to address issues before you make
decisions secondly the fact that
somebody is not credible does not mean
they will not sometimes tell you
important pieces of information and
third there's an account important
accountability to mention very quickly
if you were these there's an assumption
this came from the from somebody who's
trying to tell the president don't do
this for whatever reason maybe it's John
Dowd maybe it's somebody there who knows
what it is but that's sending a message
is this the most effective message to
tell a client don't do this
so I cannot imagine how it is in the
president's interest for this document
to leak it is I mean this is
attorney-client work product this is
material that reflects what uses naming
on his legal team I mean look I don't
know who leaked it obviously and the
Times did say it was leaked by somebody
who was not part of the legal teams I
don't know how that person got it but
this is a shocking thing to disclose
your private communications with the
investigators who were looking at your
client I tell you we keep breaking more
and more norms all over the place and
this is one of them that we haven't
really paid as much attention to no
kidding
and what it's thanks for your support
Issa is always sir thank you much
appreciated
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
