the primary for Indiana's US Senate seat
is one week away when Republican voters
will decide who will take on Democrat
Joe Donnelly and the candidates are
doing their best to get close to
President Trump one candidate
congressman Luke Messer announced his
plan to nominate Donald Trump from the
Nobel Peace Prize even though a deal has
not been struck at whatever congressman
Todd vaquita says he will introduce a
bill to bring an end to the Mahler
investigation well okay why would you do
that I don't understand what is this
what Indiana voters are truly looking
for joining us now NBC News political
reporter Ally Vitale with that ally what
are you hearing as much as we're
laughing at those proposals Indiana
voters are doing anything but that
that's exactly what they want to hear
and in a state that was very Trump
friendly in 2016 it's of course Mike
Pence's home state Indiana voters are
very much keeping Trump front of mind
when they're considering both Todd
Rokita Luke Messer and Mike Braun who
are all trying to fit themselves into
that pretty tiny Trump lane and as
they're running to defeat Joe Donnelly
in November take a look at what they had
to say
Shelby County Indiana is Trump country
if you're Democrat in this county you
don't admit it publicans are focused on
incumbent Democratic Senator Joe
Donnelly how important is it to you guys
that whoever the Republican nominee is
votes with Trump
oh very important I think that that's
why we've got to get rid of Donnelly we
gotta beat him far as I'm concerned
that's a message GOP hopefuls hear loud
and clear from establishment pick
congressman Luke Messer Hoosiers want
conservative leaders who will be with
President Trump to firebrand House
member Todd rapido the fake news the
deep state crooked Hillary Clinton the
Mueller witch hunt
the Trump campaign asked him to take
down lawn signs that made it look like
the president endorsed him meanwhile
Mike Braun is running as the political
outsider touting his success in business
and taking the establishment by surprise
can you pick out the business guy in
this lineup but back at the chicken in
in Shelbyville the GOP county chairman
sees it differently it's almost become
comical because they're all just like I
love him so much I love him so much I
love him so much
it's like most voters here still embrace
the Trump agenda we should have a
fundraiser across the country and
everybody thinks we should have the
Walsh we should all give twenty bucks we
could probably get the more out not
source for those right even tariffs that
could threaten Indiana farmers I have a
farm I understand that that could impact
it but I think in the long run things
will balance out and if it doesn't they
want a senator who would back Hoosiers
over Trump you're not necessarily
looking for someone to go and
yeah not lockstep with the president do
I thrive for a minute
and so of course they are wanting
someone who's going to have their best
interest at heart but president Trump is
very much at the heart of this
conversation and what's happening in
Shelbyville a place that went 71 percent
for the Trump pence ticket in 2016 is
very much happening with Republicans
writ large across the country 78 percent
of Republicans across the United States
want Trump to have a second term but
compare that across the board with 34 7
percent of voters overall according to
Gallup so there is a bit of a divide and
it's gonna be interesting when we get to
the general here but first we got to get
through that may 8th primary really good
piece Ali thank you very much and thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
