in his upcoming memoir the Restless wave
Republican Senator John McCain is
confirming this will be his last term in
office as he battles brain cancer in an
excerpt on Apple News he writes in part
this I'm freer than colleagues who will
face the voters again I can speak my
mind without fearing consequences much
and I can vote my conscience without
worry
you don't think I'm free to disregard my
constituents wishes far from it I don't
feel excused from keeping pledges I made
nor do I wish to harm my party's
prospects but I do feel a pressing
responsibility to give Americans my best
judgment McCain also criticizes
President Trump in his new book writing
he has declined to distinguish the
actions of our government from the
crimes of despotic ones the appearance
of toughness or a reality-show effect
simile of toughness seemed to matter
more than any of our values McCain at 81
years old has spent the last several
months in his home state of Arizona
recuperating from the side effects of
brain cancer treatment in his memoir he
writes before I leave I'd like to see
our politics begin to return to the
purposes and practices that distinguish
our history from the history of other
nations I would like to see us recover
our sense that we are more alike than
different we are more alike than we are
different in John McCain I think there
was some false humility there when John
McCain said that he was untethered
because he wasn't running for
re-election the remarkable thing about
John McCain is when we visited him
throughout early 2017 the middle and end
of 2017 before his diagnosis John McCain
was extraordinarily independent he was
every bit the Maverick that he's always
been described as being
he spoke out more strongly and more
eloquently and more fearlessly against
Donald Trump's attacks on an independent
judiciary Donald Trump's attacks on the
media who have been very tough on John
McCain at times through the years and
spoke out very forcefully against Donald
Trump continuing to cozy up to dictate
any voter discontent tyrants devoted his
conscience you know some people were
angry when he voted for the tax cuts yep
well I guarantee you the people who
voted this was against health care
mm-hmm but i guarante guarantee Amica
for those that are angry because that
tax cut vote his constituents in Arizona
voted him in in part because he promised
to support tax cuts and lower
regulations and so you saw in John
McCain's book that was co-written or are
also written by mark Salter that balance
of remaining an independent fierce voice
against Donald Trump's worst instincts
will also staying true to what he
promised his constituents it is truly a
tough strong man and an example of one
that someone might want to take a look
at up next a new book that challenges
conventional wisdom of the Carter
presidency will have new revelations and
why the offers says the 39th president
was one of the most consequential in
modern history we're back in just a
moment thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
