the adult film actress stormy Daniels is
escalating her ongoing legal battle
against President Trump earlier today
Daniel's filed a defamation suit against
the president over a tweet in which he
implied Daniels was lying about being
threatened to keep quiet about an
alleged affair with trump president
Trump wrote on Twitter earlier this
month this quote a sketch years later
about a non-existent man a total con job
playing the fake news media again
capitals here for fools but they know it
here is the sketch of the man Daniel's
claims threatened her in a Las Vegas
parking garage back in 2011 as you might
imagine it's become a whole sub meme on
the web earlier today Daniel's attorney
Michael avenatti laid out part of his
clients case to our colleague Nicole
Wallace well he effectively accused my
client Nicole of of conning the American
people lying to the American people
about the incident about the sketch
about the man that approached her at the
car door and basically accused her of
committing a crime in that she's
reporting some criminal activity and
describing somebody that did it and he's
claiming it never happened what's really
interesting about this is if he didn't
know anything about miss Daniels never
had a relationship with her never knew
anything about the intouch story Michael
Cohen and he never discussed it he never
knew anything about the agreement never
knew anything about $130,000 payment
which is the nonsense that he's trying
to sell the American people how would he
know whether the guy was non-existent or
not we should note the White House has
repeatedly denied president Trump ever
had an affair with stormy Daniels and on
that note let's bring in our panelists
joining us tonight a B Stoddard happy to
welcome her back to the broadcast a
veteran Washington journalist columnist
and associate editor at Real Clear
Politics remaining with us is among our
favorite former feds Barbara McQuade so
Barbara let me use that law degree you
have and start on a legal basis is this
a serious case and my my second question
is why file this in New York
if the lawyer and client are mostly
la-based if the president's offense
if tweet was issued in Washington why
has it been filed here yeah so first you
is this a real case I think it is you
know it's a little bit ironic as well
because it's President Trump who is
always decrying the defamation laws and
wants to change ins to make it easier
for people to file defamation lawsuits
and so his wish has come true here in
this case but I think it is he's made a
statement accusing her of lying publicly
now is that the sole motive here to
vindicate MS Daniel's reputation I don't
know it may be that putting additional
pressure on President Trump creates some
leverage that might help them resolve
the other case it might help them with a
global resolution to the two cases
sometimes that happens when you increase
the pressure so that may be part of the
motivation but I think it's a it seems
like on its face a legitimate case then
your other question about why file in
the Southern District of New York and
I'm not sure it's based on diversity
jurisdiction which means stormy Daniels
lives in one state the state of Texas
and she alleges the president Trump
resides in the state of New York you
know seemed more likely that he resides
in the District of Columbia but I
suppose he's got enough ties to New York
to make that a legitimate place but it
could have been filed in Washington DC
or probably anywhere where this tweet
was was seen anywhere in the United
States and so why choose the Southern
District of New York I'm not sure
perhaps it is close proximity to media
outlets and an opportunity to be there
and be present and have the media cover
the case that may be one reason they may
want to be nearby where Michael Cohen is
fighting this search warrant matters so
that attorney Michael a vanetti can jump
back and forth between the the two
matters in the same courthouse so I'm
not sure but it does seem like a
strategic decision on their part a B as
usual Barbara's being very polite this
is a lawyer who is spending so much time
at networks like this one he could have
his mail forwarded but he seems to be
winning what could be a very high stakes
high-class kind of trolling war against
a formidable president in the social
media sphere oh absolutely I think he
and stormy Daniels are definitely
beating the president at his own game
right now
but remember so much of this has to do
with Michael Cohen I mean the first case
actually really in the end that
President Trump recently acknowledged he
said Oh Michael Cohen represent I mean
that stormy Daniels deal that crazy
stormy Daniels deal that's technically
an in-kind contribution to a
presidential candidate if Trump approved
that payment and you look at that's the
potential campaign finance violations
today we learned Michael Cohen's
the two hundred and twenty eight
thousand dollars of his legal fees were
paid for by the Trump campaign he was
never part of the Trump campaign Michael
Cohen as much as the president is trying
to distance himself from his personal
attorney is very important to Trump he's
very nervous about what the stormy
Daniels case and the other sort of raid
on his son Michael Cohen's offices and
the other says Southern District of New
York probe means for Trump and Michael
avenatti has made dire predictions all
along in addition to making a lot of
television appearances and trolling him
a song which are coming true he's now
predicted the president won't fill out
his first term of course that Michael
Cohen flip on him so anytime Michael
avenatti has a reason to get on
television and make more predictions I
think it's trouble for the president do
you believe that he's changing minds I
hate that I'm gonna ask this has the
base for the president the real base
baked in stormy already his avenatti our
minds on the move because of his actions
or words well I think that the base
accepts that the president has dalliance
is with people like stormy Daniels but
certainly Michael Cohen has become the
eye of the hurricane right now and for
independent voters and people who were
skeptical about what you know what Trump
has done with his businesses and his
business dealings this this whole
discussion of Michael Cohen and Michael
avenatti talking about how he's gonna
flip on the president and really be his
undoing actually becomes far more
perilous than just an affair with a porn
star of course
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this
to see lots of other great videos
