I'm sure right now by Robert Costa
national political reporter for The
Washington Post of course at an MSNBC
political analyst and Kitty Fang is the
legal answer for NBC Kitty thank you for
coming on with your expertise
what is avenatti up to is this is this
nuisance is this just relentless
full-court press I mean it seems to me
every time you deny a charge you're not
defaming the accuser you're just trying
to clear yourself in this case how does
it become defamation to say it didn't
happen so Donald Trump is not just
trying to say that it didn't happen he's
not trying to defend himself kritis he's
basically saying that she's a flat-out
liar and that she's a criminal that
stormy Daniels basically violated state
crimes when she said that somebody
approached her in 2011 and that sketch
is the person who threatened her and
basically told her to lay off of Trump
so what did stormy Daniels doing well
two things one
she's keeping herself relevant I mean
the lawsuit against Thank You Donald
Trump and Michael Cohen in California
Nadi and I believe you're dead right on
this what is the interest in Michael
Alvarado who's a very aggressive
attorney
what's this interest in making up for
the fact he's got a 90 day basically
delay in his civil cases and now he
wants to keep it alive during the 90
days why is that important to his case
against the president because now he
actually has brought it to the to the
president or more specifically Donald
Trump in his personal capacity he's
brought it to Donald Trump's doorstep
and what am i mean by that he's suing
Donald Trump not as a president but in
his a personal capacity he's suing him
as a resident of New York and he's
basically bringing it Oh
coincidentally maybe in the same
Southern District of New York federal
court where Michael Cohen is currently
facing his criminal charges so again I
think that what avenatti is doing is
brilliant
he's keeping all of this exceptionally
relevant he's keeping on the forefront
and what is he doing he got basically
stayed from doing discovery in that
California lawsuit well now he gets his
bite at the apple of deposing Donald
Trump in this defamation lawsuit that
was brought in federal court in New York
this is what happened the Ken Starr
escapade he was able to merge a criminal
investigation of special counsel going
after Clinton with a civil matter
involving Clinton and Paula Jones and
some
got him into a discovery situation got
him into a perjury situation is that
what's going on here
he's going to be able to create that
discovery opportunity by doing a
deposition of Donald Trump and here's
where Donald Trump is in it bad in
federal court Donald Trump cannot say
that he has immunity from being able to
have to deal with this lawsuit he's
already had a state court judge rule in
the summer servos lawsuit against him
for defamation as well that he actually
has to face those those allegations even
though he's taking that up an appeal but
a prior United States Supreme Court
decision chris has said that a sitting
president Allah
Bill Clinton can be sued and does not
have immunity from that type of lawsuit
let me go to Robert on this one I know
you got some breaking story I want to
ask you about one thing before that this
Khidr ever of Gowdy trey Gowdy it seems
like the Republicans on their way out of
Congress become very independent they
really stand apart I'm talking about
corker o dent I'm talking about Ryan the
cast oh I'm talking about flake all
these senators and members of Congress
are all openly against Trump the minute
they declined to run for reelection
again now we got trey Gowdy one of the
leaders of the investigation of Benghazi
coming out and saying hold your horses
mr. president you are not off the hook
because the Republicans on the House
Intelligence Committee has said they
don't have any collusion case that's an
important point in fact chairman Gowdy
really signals that the Republican
establishment the leaders of the house
the committee chairmen they're taking a
different tone a different message when
it comes to the Muller probe in the
Justice Department you see it even with
Devin Nunez the ally of President Trump
at House Intelligence Committee Chairman
he and Gowdy are working now more
closely with the Department of Justice
yet it's mark Meadows the freedom caucus
North Carolina congressman the allies of
President Trump in Congress there
they're pushing for Rosen Stein to
perhaps be impeached they're railing
against the mutlar investigation
okay what's their grounds in your
reporting tonight for tomorrow's paper
what's their grounds for impeachment of
Rosen Stein just filed the story that
it's all about this battle over document
production a lot of inside baseball
Chris about whether Rosen Stein the
deputy AG is doing enough to provide
Congress with documents but Democrats
say this isn't about document production
the democratic
arguing against Meadows is that this is
really about hurting Muller hurting that
whole investigation but you know when I
worked in politics all those years ago
one of the smart things to do when
you're on the down side of a fight and
the other side had more firepower than
you is create a similar situation on
your side make it look like an equal
story so if you're going where
impeachment against Rosen at the same
time Democrats are talking impeachment
of President Trump it's somehow clouds
the whole public record is that where
we're watching here just a very
brilliant sort of a army and retreat
fighting a war of retreat there are
certainly different armies within this
Republican Party mark Meadows the North
Carolina congressman head of the freedom
caucus he talks to the president almost
every day he's someone who's an ally or
the president Trump yet it's Speaker
Ryan in the House who works with
President Trump on policy but speaker
Ryan's out there saying let Muller do
his job let Rosen Stein do his job Mitch
McConnell is not bringing as a Senate
Majority Leader or not bringing protect
Muller legislation to the floor but he's
not in the corner in the same way for
President Trump as Meadows is so you
have all these different armies fighting
their own wars in the GOP what a story
thank you so much Robert constant Kitty
Fang as always thanks so much up next
North Korean dictator Kim jong-un says
Lee says he told the South Korean
president money will give up his nukes
if the United States promised to it
dramas not debate how about him
promising not to invade the south
they're the ones that did it back in 50
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
