well as President Trump in Michigan over
the weekend holding one of those
campaign style rallies talking about the
campaign saying Republicans are gonna
win this November of course winning
that's been one of the themes of Donald
Trump in his political life since he
became a candidate for president ever he
said you're gonna get tired of winning
so much to his supporters well guess
what about a year and change into the
trump presidency interesting new poll on
the question of winning in the political
divide so how about this first of all
this is from Pew just came out asked
folks asked all Americans do you think
your side has been doing more losing or
been doing more winning and look at that
the country's kind of United they're
two-thirds of all Americans say yeah you
know what my side is on the losing side
think about that we're supposed to be a
50/50 country perfectly divided but a
lot more than 50 percent think they are
on the wrong side of that divide here's
the interesting thing though when you
start to break down that actual divide
by party now this one not so surprising
Democrats 78 percent say hey my side's
doing more losing than winning lately
only 20 percent say well of course
Democrats are gonna say that
Trump's president Republicans have the
Senate Republicans have the House
Republicans have all those state
legislators still a legislative chambers
governorship so of course Democrats are
gonna say that but how about this ask
Republicans they got everything I just
put out there in terms of political
power right and yet a majority a
Republicans still say their side is
losing more than its winning why is that
well maybe that's just sort of a natural
condition maybe as humans we like to
think negatively maybe there's something
more maybe it's a question that's bigger
than politics with Republicans you know
what has gotten more liberal in the last
two years it may not be Congress but
culture has popular culture has gotten a
lot more liberal maybe Republicans maybe
conservatives look at that and they say
you know I don't care we got a
legislature here we got a Senate seat
there maybe culture has gotten so
liberal that's overwhelming us maybe
that's why I feel like I'm losing so
maybe it's two different concepts of
winning and losing but the one thing we
do know each side right now does think
it's losing more than it's winning and
that may tell us a lot about why that
divide is so persist in this country
we'll be right back hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
