all right we're back again continuing to
follow that breaking news NBC News
reporting the White House chief of staff
John Kelly privately calling the
president in idiot on multiple occasions
also claims here being reported by NBC
News that Kelly has eroded morale in the
West Wing this again according to
multiple current and former White House
officials the White House just putting
out a statement from John Kelly himself
he calls the story quote BS and we
should know NBC News had been trying to
get in on the record comment from the
White House for five days on this story
they offered no on the record comment
well welcome back here at MTP Kelly we
are joined now actually on the phone to
continue talking about this story with a
former White House chief of staff Andy
card he was the chief of staff to George
W Bush in the early 2000s he joins us
now by phone and II thank you for taking
a few minutes I first just want to get
your reaction to our reporting here
again we are we're being told by
multiple sources that the White House
chief of staff on multiple occasions has
been referring to the president in
meetings as an idiot I don't put a lot
of stock in those stories because I know
that there are always people on the
staff that think they can undermine the
chief of staff and he serves at the
pleasure of the president not at the
pleasure of anybody else so he's got an
audience of one maybe two if you count
the first lady and I really if John
Kelly says he's serving as chief of
staff until the president says he's not
I think he's the chief of staff and I I
don't think that an effort to undermine
him through gossip has anything to do it
unless they're trying to send a message
to the president I doubt they're trying
to send a message to the chief of staff
and chief of staff always serves at the
pleasure of the president for the time
being is the reality if the time being
shows up it means the pleasure is gone
and it's not up to the staff to try to
predetermine that they may try to make
that displeasure happen but it's it's
usually the president that resists other
people forcing them to do something so I
think John Kelly is the chief of staff
until he's not and he understands that
the rules of the road are pretty well
understood when you
staff and I I know that there's
infighting it's not the first time that
there's been infighting in the White
House and I I don't think that morale
has been as adversely impacted over the
recent six weeks as other people are
saying I think John Kelly has just
decided to keep his head down and make
sure the trains run on time the
president is well served by everybody in
the staff and maybe some other people
with jealous well fed so I don't take
this story as literally as it's been
portrayed when you say the rules of the
road are generally well understood I
think one of the themes it seemed though
in in covering this administration for
the last year and a half is that a lot
of the rules of the road in the past
don't necessarily apply to how things
have been running here so I take me
through that first if you would then in
terms of in in your case you you worked
in in several administrations what was
protocol what were the rules of the road
when it came to how a chief of staff
would speak about a president in a media
the president's not present in the
meeting but it's a meeting with with
staffers a meeting with members of
Congress what were what would
traditionally have been the rules of the
road there well first of all I cannot
believe when other people say chief of
staff said this and he says it's B yes I
tend to go with the chief of staff's
comment rather than others that may or
may not have been in meetings and
sometimes you know rumors of a meeting
become perceived to be reality to people
who weren't in the meeting and they
repeated so I don't know who was
claiming this and maybe he disagreed
with the president on one or two things
I certainly disagree with George W Bush
on one or two things we would speak
candidly about it and if people wanted
to cite that that's the job of the chief
of staff you don't always you don't
serve to solicit pressure that pleasure
from the president you serve the
president and so if John Kelly is trying
to please the president he's not serving
the president well if he's if he loses
the pleasure of the president and the
president doesn't have confidence and
that's a different story but John
Kelly's not there to suck up to the
president and he's not here to invite
the staff to suck up to the president
he's there to make sure the president is
well served by his staff which means
there has to be hollow
see discipline structural respect and
respect for the Oval Office I bet John
Kelly respects the Oval Office and the
job the president has to do again I just
I you've made clear you have you're
skeptical about this reporting I mean I
could say we've there are multiple
sources that are cited here from this
team reports but certainly it's your
right to that view but the question I'm
asking you there is a more specific one
just based on your experience you say
you've had a disagreement see yourself
with with George W Bush as his chief of
staff I'm asking you traditionally what
the protocol would be for where and how
you might express that disagreement you
said you shared it with him did protocol
allow you to express it with members of
the staff did protocol dictate how you
might express it with them I'm just
trying to be clear here what the rules
of the road has sort of been knew in
passing these sorts of things I don't
think there are any rules of the road to
me yes what does what does John Kelly's
telling the president how is he working
with the president if the president
loses confidence that's very different
than the staff hoping the president
loses confidence and I you know I would
suspect that John Kelly has pre candid
relationship to the president he can
walk in and say hey this is what they're
saying you know I think that it's this
or that or whatever and and the
president would say keep doing your job
keep your head down keep doing your job
I like what you're doing for me that
means he's the chief of staff other
people might like it but that's where it
goes now if if there's truth to the
story that impacts the president's
ability to work with a John Kelly or so
John Kelly to work with the president
that's between the president and John
Kelly it's not up to the staff all right
Andy card again the chief of staff to
George W Bush joining us on the phone
for a few minutes Andy thank you for the
time well thank you very much too good
to talk to you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
