come on the air with breaking news in
the legal battle between adult film
actress stormy Daniels and the President
of the United States of America
Michael avenatti Daniel's attorney
dropping the bombshell a couple hours
ago the daniels is suing the president
for defamation the case is over the
president attack on daniels in a tweet
in which he seemed to imply that she was
lying about the man who threatened her
in a parking lot here's the tweet in
question from president trump quoted a
sketch years later about a non-existent
man a total con job playing the fake
news media for fools but they know it
here's that sketch daniels and her
attorney released of the man she claims
approached her while she was securing
her infant daughter in her car seat and
here's how daniels described the
encounter he walked up behind me and i
saw his reflection and i just turned
around i thought for sure he said hey do
you know where to such-and-such classes
or what building is whatever and he had
his hands in his pocket and he looked at
my daughter and I just remember him
saying like it's a beautiful little girl
I'd be ashamed if something happened to
her mom forget about this story leave
mr. Trump alone and it was like it it
didn't even register it to me at first
and then he turned and walked away and I
like I said his face is burned in my
memory and I wasn't even that scared at
that moment cuz it just was so shocking
I was like wait that didn't go as I
thought I was going to and I got her out
and I hurried inside and when I got in
the elevator to go up to the floor I
just remember like I like leaned against
the wall because I couldn't feel my feet
or my face because then I think it
really sunk and what he had said joining
us now to discuss the latest legal
developments and the growing standoff
between Daniels and the president is
Daniels attorney Michael avenatti so
tell us about the case you're bringing
against the president 'days and what
what exactly in that tweet was
defamatory toward her client well he
effectively accused my client Nicole of
of conning the American people lying to
the American people about the incident
about the sketch about the man that
approached her at the car door and
basically accused her of committing a
crime in that she's reporting some
criminal activity and describing
somebody that did it and he's claiming
it never happened
so you prevail in a defamation case by
proving that your clients telling the
truth and the president is lying is that
so how do you how do you achieve that
is this another effort to depose the
President and get him under oath well
certainly there's going to be
discovering the case they're gonna be
able to take my clients deposition and
I'm gonna be able to take mr. Trump's
deposition sooner rather than later
hopefully relating to this tweet and
what's his basis of knowledge I mean how
does he know it what's what's really
interesting about this is if he didn't
know anything about miss Daniels never
had a relationship with her never knew
anything about the intouch story Michael
Cohen and he never discussed it he never
knew anything about the agreement never
knew anything about the hundred and
thirty thousand dollar payment which is
the nonsense that he's trying to sell
the American people how would he know
whether the guy was non-existent or not
but what's his basis for that and being
called a liar is something that some of
the women who have accused the president
of misconduct which I know isn't your
clients claim but but just just back to
why it lying about an accuser amounts to
defamation I mean this is something that
other people are accusing the president
of as well right that's correct I mean
the president may not like what somebody
says about him he may have thin skin and
I think he does but that doesn't give
him carte blanche to go out start making
stories up about people calling them
liers telling them telling people that
they're making it up or fabricating
stories it doesn't work that way it
doesn't matter if you're President of
the United States or or a normal
American citizen it's part of this to
get around Michael Cohen's involvement
in the hush-money case because of his
pleading or taking the Fifth Amendment
you know have a 90 day delay does this
case not involve Michael Cohen well this
case does not involve Michael Cohen this
is a standalone case of miss Clifford
miss Daniels against the president we
thought about whether to include it in
that case or whether to bring a separate
action and where to file that action we
gave that a lot of thought as soon as it
happened we stated that we might include
it or we might bring a separate action
we decided to bring a separate action
here in New York so I I remember one of
the early interviews that we did you
told me that every time
miss Daniel speaks she's threatened with
or at the time mr. Cohen was threatening
her with larger and larger fines for
essentially violating the non-disclosure
agreement it seems like in some ways the
tables have turned and now every time
it's your sense that the president lies
you're going to slap bigger and and and
potentially grave or legal consequences
on him do you have this feeling that the
momentum is turn and we have the threats
against your clients load and do you
feel like you're gaining legal ground on
the President and people around him well
it's our understanding that we're still
under the threat relating to the million
dollars per incident and that's why you
had a bill they saying Abell they
haven't sent us a bill I think they're a
little preoccupied right now they're you
know they're working on the National
Enquirer cover and things like that so
they haven't had time to generate an
invoice yet but the bottom line here is
is that if the president continues to
make up statements and and distribute
them about my client and if he continues
to lie about my client there's going to
be consequences for that period you
brought it the Enquirer let's talk about
Michael Cohen and the National Enquirer
I don't know if people saw this it has
one heck of a paywall great model for
modern journalism we had to go and buy
this what do you think about the state
of play between Michael Cohen and Donald
Trump this doesn't really this is a
publication owned by one of Donald
Trump's closest allies and one of his
accomplices used to be mr. Cohen he's
now being enough covered as a right word
but featured on its pages as someone
with secrets and lies what do you think
about the fact that at a time when he
needs Cohen arguably more than ever
Cohen ends up on the cover the National
Enquirer well I tweeted that out
yesterday morning I laughed the first
time I saw it because it's so
transparent what's going on here Nicole
so a week ago Saturday or Sunday the
president sends out one or two tweets
supposedly backing Michael Cohen talking
about how he's a good businessman and
trying to lend his support to him and I
thought that was transparent in that
he's trying to bring him into the tent
make sure that he doesn't roll over on
him or flip on him now a week later we
see this I think it's clear to at least
to me who's behind this ultimately I
think it's the White House and mr. Trump
they've planted this story
in an effort to undermine Michael
Cohen's credibility because I think the
dawn has has set in or the light has set
in and they've realized that something
I've been saying for a long time
Michael Cohen is gonna flip on the
president he's gonna tell prosecutors
everything that he knows about mr. Trump
and mr. Trump's dealings and he's gonna
have to in an effort to save himself and
how does that how does that affect your
original case what is where do things
stand in your original case to
invalidate the NDA and to give back the
hush money that mr. Cohen wired to your
client I think with each passing week
that case has only gotten stronger and I
think that despite this 90-day stay and
we may be challenging that 90-day stay
because we want to get on with it and
get to the truth relating to these
issues
despite the 90 days stay I think our
case only has proceeded to get stronger
and stronger with each passing day and
as this the string begins to unravel so
your case is getting stronger by just
all the other actions that appear guilty
is is that right I mean the sense that
you talked about the president's first
position being I don't know anything
about it obviously last week on Fox &
Friends and you know I talked that
afternoon there's no longer the case he
essentially told the host of Fox &
Friends
yeah Cohen was my man on this crazy
stormy deal so the president story is
changing your clients is not well
exactly I mean the more they talk the
better our case gets I mean if the
Secret Service would allow it we'd send
a car every morning to pick him up and
take over so it's it's it's great for
it's great press and obviously it's
great for our case but the more they
talk the better our case gets and and
that's really one of the reasons why we
brought this suit over this tweet I mean
that tweet should have never been sent
it was irresponsible it's undisciplined
and if the president wants to be
undisciplined in politics that's one
thing but if you're undisciplined in
litigation that's when you get hurt how
high is the bar in a defamation case
like this I mean has there ever been
someone who has proven to have been
defamed in a tweet I think that has
occurred actually I can't put my finger
on it specifically but I'd be surprised
if that has not occurred it doesn't
matter whether it's a tweet or some
other publication you still have an
obligation to be honest about it and we
look forward to holding the president's
feet to the fire as it relates to I look
forward to asking him what the basis of
his knowledge is how does
you know what this didn't happen he has
no idea at best whether it happened or
not since the release of the sketch and
the the number was something like 1-800
if you're a thug called me or something
right the 1-800 if your third call me
that's Michael Cohen did you release the
sketch tons of people called I remember
you guys announced the number on the via
email actually it was an email yes yes I
ID'd the thug at gmail.com I wasn't that
far
have you where is the investigation and
identifying the man in the sketch there
have been literally thousands of leads
that have been obtained from that sketch
release and from the press that followed
we're running all those to ground it's
taken an enormous amount of time we have
narrowed the field in my view I think
that there's a handful of very very
credible leads and we're confident that
it's going to lead to one of those
individuals but we are being super
diligent and very very careful in the
way that we're going about this because
of the seriousness involved we're not
just gonna rush to judgment and release
this and identify someone I mean that
would be irresponsible and you could
potentially ruin somebody's life so we
want to be careful about it but the idea
that that that you're trying to prevail
on a defamation case this is a serious
investigation no one in law enforcement
is questioning the veracity of your
clients claim that this man did these
things no not at all and I want to set
the record straight about something my
client did not just sit down with Louis
Gibson by the way Louis Gibson was is
one of the most world-renowned forensic
artists around
she has an impeccable record okay she's
used by the FBI and others around the
world to do this okay this woman knows
her business my client just didn't sit
down with her like he would on a street
corner here in New York or another major
city and they just threw a sketch
together in five mark you know exactly
okay this this was a multi hour process
I was not permitted to be in the room no
one was permitted to be in the room with
the exception of the artist and my
client they spent an enormous amount of
time together a lot of questions were
asked and there was no point in time
during the process or thereafter that
Miss Gibson
voiced any concern that my client was
not telling the truth my client answered
every question was
diligent and was believable okay so
before we let you go just take us
through the president's legal travail
buckets he's got the case that you
brought against him and they tried to
invalidate the original NDA he's now got
the case you filed today the defamation
case he's also facing his involvement
he's one of the parties trying to defend
some of the materials seized in the
Cohen raid can you if that's it can you
just sort of speak to where we are and
all three of those so our case in
California related into the NDA has been
stayed for 90 days we're likely going to
challenge that and see if we can get
that state lifted that's because there's
a fear that Michael Cohen may be
indicted or charged correct I mean the
judge agreed with something that I've
been saying which is that it appears
that there are very serious charges on
the horizon for Michael Cohen based on
the evidence that's been presented thus
far and the court came to that
conclusion and decided that the more
prudent course of action was to delay
the case 90 days so that's where that
case stands the case we have today we
just filed it so the president will have
to file a responsive pleading or answer
that and then hopefully we're gonna get
to a period called discovery in which
we're going to try to take the
deposition the president relating to his
statements about miss Daniels including
this tweet and then you have the
president attempting to review the
documents that have were seized by the
FBI in connection with the claims of
attorney-client privilege of course if
the president continues to appear on Fox
& Friends and claim that he was barely
my attorney fairly my attorney that that
should make that review very very short
and I'm sure that the FBI and the US
Attorney's Office will be ecstatic about
that because that means they'll have
access to even more documents and is
there any update on any of the other I
think you said that at least eight other
women have approached you about
representing them in other matters any
any of those cases coming close to being
public we don't have an update yet on
that we've been relatively busy the last
week or so but we're gonna do our best
all right well thank you for keeping us
close that good luck with everything and
unbelievable times when you are involved
in three separate litigations against
the leader of the free world
all of which could have been avoided
well that's true however better fixers I
guess hey there are sales from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
