alright we're coming back with some
breaking news this time from the
geniuses at NBC News I think we're
joined by one of them Carol Lee is up
with some brand new reporting NBC up
with a story that just posted about
White House chief of staff embattled
White House chief of staff John Kelly
read you the first graft he is a road of
morale in the West Wing in recent months
with comments to aides and include
insulting the president's intelligence
and casting himself as the savior of the
country according to eight current and
former White House officials the
official said Kelly portrays himself to
trump administration aides as the lone
bulwark against catastrophe curbing the
erratic urges of a president who has a
questionable grasp on policy issues and
the functions of government he's
referred to Trump as an idiot multiple
times to underscore his point according
to four officials who say they've
witnessed the comments three separate
people denied the account let me read
you a little more current and former
White House officials said Kelley has at
times made remarks that have rattled
female staffers kelly has told aides
multiple times that women are more
emotional than men including at least
once in front of the president for
current and former officials said and
during a firestorm in February over
accusations of domestic abuse against
then White House staff secretary rob
porter kelly wondered aloud how much
more Porter would have to endure before
his honor could be restored remember
folks he was a wife beater allegedly he
also questioned why Porter's ex-wives
wouldn't just move on Carol Lee joins us
right now Carol this is an extraordinary
body of reporting about a man whose
grasp on the job as chief of staff is at
best tenuous yeah Nicole what we were
trying to do is kind of figure out what
Kelly is like inside the White House and
why after nine months or so on the job
he is finds himself in this position
where he's lost the room essentially
that White House staffers you know
increasingly are down on him that were
al is quite low and what we found was
this picture of someone whose public
image as the disciplinarian the
person who's instilling order it within
the White House is very different from
his private manner where aides say that
he is quite undone disciplined and
indiscriminate in a way that he speaks
about the president about other people
you know just general comments that that
he makes particularly the ones that you
cited about women and so you know we
have a number of officials telling
taking us inside the room in meetings
where for instance during the debate
over immigration where the White House
was trying to work with lawmakers on
Capitol Hill to come up with a
bipartisan deal Kelly had a number of
meetings in his office and during one of
them said something you know said to the
people in the room you know the
president doesn't even understand really
what daca is and called him an idiot
according to these people and said you
know we need to save him from himself
and that kind of manner that attitude is
what really has graded on staffers
inside the White House according to
people we talked to who feel like you
know enough is enough in terms of the
John Kelly portraying himself as this
one person who's working to save the
country from this president who you know
could make a decision at any moment and
so what we've seen now in recent months
is that it's getting increasingly worse
and Kelly and president Trump seem very
much to have kind of tired of each other
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
