right now more than a hundred Central
American migrants are holding out hope
at the us-mexico border they're asking
for asylum after a week's long journey
from the Guatemalan border to get away
from violence it's a good away from
poverty about a third of that caravan
has actually made it into the border
checkpoint as of right now but so far
none have actually made it through and
let's become a flashpoint in the debate
over immigration in the age of Donald
Trump NBC's Miguel Almaguer is live in
Tijuana Mexico where all of this is
happening so Miguel first of all
pleasure to have you with us thank you
for coming on given that you are there
sort of at the scene can you show me
what's behind you tell me what you're
seeing from these folks and what's
supposed to happen later on today yeah I
want to show you the reality here on the
ground here so we're actually at them
just outside this is the doorstep to
enter the United States and this is the
reality you'll see this is where
families are sleeping this is where
small children were infants where
newborns are waiting for their chance to
get into the u.s. there are dozens of
families throughout this small plaza
area that has been cordoned off by
police here all of these families are
trying to make their way across the
border crossing here you can see here
many have literally crossed the border
with only what is on their backs
many of these blankets these tarps have
been volatile 'ok you can see here is a
family that is just waking up here they
spent the night here in cold conditions
and are now trying to get into the u.s.
the border entry is about 50 feet behind
me it's we're about a 50 immigrants
migrants from honduras made their way
last night they were trying to get in to
see Border Patrol to present their
asylum papers that did not happen
they're in a state of limbo so all of
these families here making that
treacherous journey but the most
difficult part of the journey may still
be ahead
this morning the final steps in the
desperate journey of a lifetime at the
San Ysidro Port of Entry the migrant
Caravan filled with children mothers
grandparents were seeking asylum from
violence in Central America they're
vowing to remain outside the immigration
processing center until every last one
is admitted into the country today their
mission will test the Trump
administration's tough rhetoric on
immigration the migrants and their
supporters today preparing for a
showdown at the US border arriving over
the weekend families like the Lopezes
with baby Joshua were turned away when
the checkpoint hit capacity the young
couple says we've been traveling for
over a month we don't care if we have to
wait a few more days whatever it takes
four weeks ago the caravan began its
journey near the Guatemalan border on
foot by train and bus they slept on the
streets and in shelters before finally
reaching Tijuana their numbers once over
a thousand are now over a hundred after
the treacherous trip but after some
nearly 3,000 miles the last few feet may
be impossible President Trump has
repeatedly called the caravan a threat
to the US ordering homeland security to
keep them out are you watching that mess
that's going on right now with the
caravan coming up
are you watching this and our laws are
so weak they're so pathetic with
protesters and supporters cheering and
cheering the group many of the migrants
have met with volunteers lawyers
advising them of their rights to seek
asylum there's nothing wrong with
preparing for a legal proceeding that's
what we do in the United States we
prepare our clients for court and that's
the exact same thing we're doing here
today is the Sun rises so does hope for
these families journey with one last
roadblock that may prove impossible to
pass
halli just after 7:20 a.m. here many of
these families are starting to wake up
hear what they're telling us what
they're going to do is try to get their
way across the border but as we showed
you that's going to be a difficult task
for many here but the family's main
remain resolute saying that no matter
what the president has said they will
present their asylum papers they are
going to try to enter the US and they
are hoping to make it across the border
but the timetable on when all of that
will happen yeah it means certainly
unclear Hallie still TBD Miguel thank
you we look forward to your reporting
later tonight on NBC Nightly News I
appreciate you joining us here hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
