there are new developments involving in
the Russia investigation in an interview
with NBC's Richard Engel the Russian
lawyer who met with Trump campaign
officials in 2016 is backtracking on her
earlier denials of having ties to the
Kremlin she acknowledged that she was a
source of information for a top Kremlin
Kremlin official and not merely a
private attorney meanwhile off to a
year-long investigation into Russia's
interference in the 2016 election
Republicans on the House Intelligence
Committee have released a final full
report saying they found no evidence of
collusion between the Trump campaign and
Russia Democrats on the committee argue
the 253 page report only shows the
lengths to which GOP leaders went to
shield President Trump from scrutiny
they argued that Republicans failed to
interview key witnesses or issue
subpoenas for necessary information
Trump responded to the news on Friday
and seized on the Republican findings it
was a great report no collusion which I
knew anyway no coordination no nothing
it's a witch hunt that's all it is there
was no collusion with Russia he can
believe this one there was she probably
can't believe it who can but the report
was very powerful very strong there was
no collusion between the Trump campaign
and the Russian people as I've said many
times before I've always said there was
no collision but I've also said there
has been nobody tougher on Russia than
me with that all being said if we can
get along with Russia that's a good
thing not a bad thing but there has been
nobody tougher on Russia than me I was
very honored by the report it was
totally conclusive strong powerful I'm
just curious if you believe it proves
what the president says it proves he
claims that this report proves there's
no evidence that the Trump campaign
colluded coordinated or conspired with
Russia and that it was all a big hoax by
the Democrats based on payments and lies
is that your interpretation that is not
my understanding of what the facts were
before I left the FBI and I think the
most important piece of work
the one the special counsel is doing now
this strikes me as a political document
did the House Intelligence Committee at
all survey a good investigative purpose
doing all this in your observations not
that I can see just totally got too
politicized yeah and it wrecked the
committee and it damaged relationships
with the FISA Court the intelligence
community's it's just a wreck yeah no
more more fake news from Donald Trump
when he was talking because of course he
says it's a witch hunt
so for 13 Russian which is I think have
been indicted five witches of are
turning state's evidence or maybe for
turning state's evidence against the
president another which right now is
going to trial who was his campaign
manager so this again one of my favorite
tweets of the past couple years is
sometimes when you go on a witch hunt
you know it's you find witches there are
more to be found of the House
Intelligence Committee Democratic
congressman Jim Himes of Connecticut so
congressman first of all can you defend
the weather in Connecticut rain and cold
into late April beautiful up here this
morning joke by the time you get home
it'll be it'll be warm and sunny no more
the count I don't believe you so let's
let's talk about how funny is it that
the house were put not funny but
unintentionally funny that Republicans
release this sham report they say
there's absolutely no evidence of
collusion they close the door on it no
evidence of Russian influence whatsoever
and then soon after that you have
Richard Engel interviewing a Russian
lawyer who said well yes actually I was
working with an agent of the Kremlin
when I went to talk to Don junior and
the gang well I mean it just it shows
the absurdity of you know Devin Nunez
bringing the investigation to an end way
early you know but far before the facts
are out and most importantly from the
standpoint of the investigation before
we followed up on the most rudimentary
of
and pushed back on a number of the
president's key people who refused to
answer questions this is a big part of
the story that has not been told the
people closest to the president hope
Hicks Steve Bannon and Corey Lewandowski
came into the Congress and said we're
asserting executive privilege not just
for a number of narrow conversations
that we had with the president which is
traditionally how executive privilege
would be asserted but with absolutely
everything that was said not just when
he was president but during the
transition so there's the three key
people basically thumbing their nose at
congressmen saying we're not going to
talk to you about the key moments that
you're investigating and Congress should
have should have pushed back on that
congressman can you run the time line
for me because speaking to former
members of your committee they also that
this was a committee that did manage to
put politics aside you went into those
you know confined rooms and people did
act in the best interest of national
security can you pinpoint the moment
during the course of last year at which
that bipartisanship on your committee
disappeared yeah I absolutely can and
and you characterize it right I've been
on this committee for six plus years and
it's always been the one committee where
people find agreement easily across
party lines where there's a lot of
working together it's a huge job
overseeing you know an 80 billion dollar
ish intelligence community and yes I can
pinpoint the exact moment it was the
moment in the open hearing in front of
my committee the Intelligence Committee
about a year ago when Jim Comey said the
Department of Justice has authorized me
to publicly disclose that there is an
investigation into the possibility of
collusion between Trump Trump campaign
and Russia in that moment you can I mean
metaphorically you can imagine the White
House catching fire and you can imagine
very shortly thereafter people in the
White House calling the chairman of the
committee and saying hey you've been a
friend you've been around and now you
did this to us and I think that
conversation which you know I was not
privy to was the moment when all of a
sudden the Intelligence Committee became
a mechanism for the defense of the White
House the president and his campaign
congressman there are I think two issues
that you can separate here one is the
behavior of the
campaign and then the other is the
President himself so while we have all
sorts of evidence that there were
officials on the campaign who were
playing footsie with Russian officials
and trying to get things out of Russia
and get things for themselves did you
see any evidence during this year-long
investigation that the president himself
was in any way involved in this because
that's the ultimate question here right
it's the campaign it's bad news of a
political campaign that elected a
president was colluding with Russia but
the real question is what the whether
the president was involved himself in
any way in all of these hijinks yeah
that's a that's a really good question
because I think when the president says
now the president doesn't have a
particularly high standard for truth but
when he says there was no collusion I
think he's thinking exactly what you
just said I think the president is
saying to himself I never sat down with
Vladimir Putin and signed a contract
that said in exchange for releasing the
you know the DNC emails we're gonna get
you 200,000 votes in Ohio and Michigan
that that that never happened that's not
nobody would do that the Russians
certainly wouldn't do that the Russians
would do exactly what they did they
would have people sending out feelers
you showed the vessel net sky at clip
earlier lots of people sending out
feelers to people like Don junior which
happened to people like Papadopoulos and
Flynn and there's Carter page you know
they would do it much more subtly so the
idea and you know Americans who are
expecting some Hollywood blockbuster
ending you know that has a lot Amir
Putin and and Donald Trump you know
signing a blood oath to suborn the
election that's not going to be the
outcome here all right congressman jim
Himes live from a stunning Vista
actually overlooking the South products
at Sanford's Metro North thank you so
much for the finest interstates in the
country
the country that has four lanes my
finest you mean most congested John
Stape when I'm gonna ask you also
because I think I saw you tweeting about
the Avengers we may have a disagreement
about infinite world I took my kids to
go see this on Friday next the Trump
administration is suing to block AT&T
from merging with Time Warner but what a
regular saying about the new deal
reached between t-mobile and Sprint will
dig into that ahead on Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
