Donald Trump has been saying that he
will run for president as a Republican
which is surprising since I just assumed
he was running as a joke Gary Busey said
recently that Donald Trump would make a
great president of course he said the
same thing about an old rusty birdcage
he found Ethel Trump often appears on
Fox which is ironic because the Fox
often appears on Donald Trump's head
Donald Trump said recently has a great
relationship with the blacks that would
less the blacks are a family of white
people by Betty's mistaken hard to
believe that seven years ago but
apparently it's still in the president's
mind by the way that is such a historic
moment that's what inspired him to
because yeah and you know mark McKinnon
it's a great example of you know
sometimes it's best to lay off munch the
button when Barack Obama helping him and
kept poking him and kept poking him that
was the moment he decided he was gonna
you know screwball I'm gonna run for
president I'm gonna catch an I don't
know that Barack Obama thought about it
consciously as he was turning over the
keys of the White House to Donald Trump
but there had to be a part of him
wondering getting elected president is
revenge served cold so President Trump
criticized this year's White House
Correspondents Association dinner by
referencing Seth Meyers routine from
2011 numbers back to Morning Joe it's
Monday April 30th still with us we have
political writer for the New York Times
and MSNBC political analyst Nick
Campbell was wrong a lot today he's
pretty good actually is making a list
quarters who have faced real trials and
tribulations around the world later okay
well that's worthy Washington anchor for
BBC World News America kETK associate
editor of commentary magazine noah
rothman and calmness in a theater the
Washington Post David Ignatius also
joined the conversation former advisor
to George W Bush and co-creator and
executive producer of the circus on
Showtime mark McKinnon
and with us political reporter for The
Washington Post MSNBC political analyst
and moderator of Washington week on PBS
Robert cause wait there's more media
correspondent for the New York Times
Michael is a crime I've been reading
your tone Michael Michael you wrote a
great article yesterday is it you know I
I can only stay on Twitter so long and
I'm a good god I've got it you know let
me lead an article about it I went to
yours and it was a great summation of
all the chaos and the nonsense and the
hypocrisy on both sides that was going
on break it down for us what happened
well I was in the room on Saturday night
and I mean there was really this icy
silence that fell over the Black Tide
crowd at the Hilton I mean Michelle
Wolf's performance was it was cutting
there were some you know pretty raunchy
material that she brought out people
were saying it was you know the real
kind of classic comedy club performance
but it was some pretty tough remarks
about Sarah Sanders the White House
press secretary and Kellyanne Conway who
both were in the crowd Sarah Sanders
just a few feet away I mean you felt the
whole room watching every tick and
facial expression that was going across
her face and you know it's basically
become the talk of Washington I mean
there's this whole Inquisition now about
is does a dinner make sense for our
current culture did this take away the
credibility of the national press for a
public that already has trust issues
with the news media and as you as a
tweet showed I mean President Trump
gloating last night calling this an
embarrassing failure voguing that
classic Seth Meyers monologue and you
know essentially saying that this dinner
needs to totally end or completely start
over yeah well listen I it doesn't it
does need to start over we I think most
of us think mark McKinnon enough with
the comedian's comedians do their job
right it's time place man are growing up
I loved the Sex Pistols
I wouldn't brought him to First Baptist
Church Pensacola even if I could have I
would have listened to them somewhere
else and same with a clash same for
though it's time place manner artists
are artists don't bring them
- ceremony and then be shocked by what
reinforces all the worst things that
people think about the press it's in its
anachronistic it should change and I
think hopefully it will now you remember
a lot of people are saying I think what
made some people uncomfortable of the
Sarah Sanders thinks and everybody can
debate liberals can pretend that the
overall arc of it wasn't about her
appearance and if they want to live in
that world and be the Donald Trump's of
this past weekend where Donald Trump
said wait a second I didn't say all
Mexicans were rapists if they were to
play that game they can but I remember
going back to the mid 90s Don Imus and
being so uncomfortable even though I had
no use for Bill or Hillary Clinton at
the time being so uncomfortable that
Imus was standing there and humiliating
Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton and
everybody else right there with the
klieg lights on them well I'd say two
things one is that in her in her remarks
Michelle Wolf said you know if you
should have done your research I'm
surprising you journalists should have
been like be I'll also say that you know
that the comment about saris Sanders and
Uncle Tom for white women who disappoint
other white women that's not real funny
that's an insult in a not only insult
Sarah Sanders it involves 25 million
other women who voted for Donald Trump
right well there were a number of levels
Bob Kosta in which this dinner some say
went off the rails what stood out to you
were you there because I'm hearing that
the room was just icy and did not like
it and you could see the people on stage
who are in complete pain at times during
this performance it's Monday it's time
to get back to work focus on the
reporting I was at the dinner what I'm
looking at in my notebook mica is not so
much that dinner because the lawmakers
I'm covering the people I'm covering
aren't paying attention to it they do
page into the President's speech and
they say how can Republicans echo that
kind of message that kind of rambling
speech he gave that same night as the
dinner and they wonder where is the
message on the tax cuts where is the
focus from the White House and there's
deep concern now in GOP ranks that the
President may be able to carry himself
through the midterms but not carry his
own party and
that's what's so funny yesterday some
people were trying to figure out which
racist this comedian was going to impact
John Fodor had said you know two weeks
around nobody's gonna remember this no I
mean they may they may remember like we
remember the Don Imus speech is a
footnote but it's not going to impact
any race a it it may impact the
relationship between the White House and
the press corps yeah I think it's gonna
impact and reinforce impressions about
the press mostly but it's not going to
have an impact on these race that's
exactly what we'll do reinforce an
oppression couldn't make it Trump's you
don't get a reelection given the past
history that we have scars yeah so
somebody so Michael what does become of
the dinner moving forward well I mean
imagine this idea that this dinner
that's caused so much agita in
Washington for so long that kind of
became the symbol of the swamp ends up
disappearing or changing kind of
indirectly because of the president I
mean I can't think of a better talking
point for draining the swamp than kind
of kicking this dinner off of the the
annual DC scheduled I think there's a
lot of talk right now in the
Correspondents Association about
changing the format and I do want to
remind folks that the idea of having the
Entertainer the comedian coming out
roasting the president roasting politics
it was meant as a counterbalance to the
president having a chance to get up
there giving his own speech that
President Obama brought in Judd Apatow
is a ringer to write some of his
punchlines
a couple of years ago so there used to
be some semblance of parody here but now
without the president in the room it
just feels lopsided yeah and completely
out of place and I think it's kind of
having it both ways to say now we're
gonna rethink this I said woman got up
on stage and I was like this is gonna go
terribly this woman has an ex Netflix
special if she's really good this is
gonna be really bad for the win on every
end so smart young boy these things you
just got to avoid it and the Sarah
Huckabee Sandra stuff I would just like
to state again she's a problem for the
media she's a we are struggling right
now with how to cover these press
briefings how she chills for a president
who lies who bullies who says Ron
of color things about people we don't
want to stoop to that level we have to
figure out how to deal with the
presidency that is taking on the media
and trying to take it down this was a
disaster which you can apologize now
anything you're gonna rethink what
shoulda done it yeah look I I have some
modest proposals for our dinner to
change yeah I think first of all the
cameras get rid of the cameras right it
should not be a SPECT it's not about
exactly don't invite a comedian why you
invite the families of some of the
reporters who've been killed around the
world for doing their jobs right now
there are two reporters for Reuters who
are under arrest in Myanmar for
reporting on the massacres of their
hinga there's a reporter who was killed
in Veracruz a few weeks ago for
reporting on drug cartels there are
eight reporters who were killed in Kabul
overnight and those people put their
lives at risk
in a different way in a very different
way the people the white house who were
reporters there do an incredible job
work very hard put the spotlight back to
okay 50 reporters were killed around the
world last year 250 reporters are in
prison the number of report has been put
in prison I said it earlier for crimes
of so fake news by Authority and regimes
is rising there is a moment of which we
can be highlighting the important work
of journalism around the world in this
country and in other countries the
problem with what we do at the White
House Correspondents Dinner is you do
completely the other undermine trust in
journalism you could make then an event
that boosts trusts in journalism by
showing what journalists do networks and
lobbyists and papers aren't going to buy
tables at the station because there's no
speech then shame on that right they
should they should buy scholarships and
the honor to be their first right
scholarships and also to actually find
if it's serious business to take it
seriously find investigative websites
find investigative reporting units in
state capitals across the country that
right now are are collapsing because
they just don't have the money to do
their work put family met surviving
family members at each of those tables
instead of celebrities no I
man oh you know that's really where you
would think so now thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
