turning now to the latest out of the
Korean Peninsula following Friday's
historic summit with South Korean
president moon jae-in North Korean
leader Kim jong-un is vowing to shut
down his nation's nuclear test site by
the end of May
according to moon's office and North
Korean state media kim also says that he
will open the process up to foreign
experts and journalists from South Korea
and the United States North Korea last
used the site during last September's
test of a thermonuclear bomb and reports
indicate that the site partially
collapsed rendering it unusable going
forward North Korea also says it will
alter its time zone by half-an-hour to
align with South Korean Standard Time
president Trump arete addressed the
developments out of the Korean Peninsula
alongside German Chancellor Angela
Merkel on Friday and during his rally in
Michigan on Saturday a lot of very
positive things happened over the last
24 hours
we're in total touch with both North
Korea and South Korea we're speaking
very much with South Korea and with
North Korea the relationships are
building and building strongly and this
will be a great thing for the world
though I don't think he's playing no I
don't think he's playing and you know
it's never gone like this it's never
gone this far I don't think it's ever
had this enthusiasm for somebody for
them wanting to make a deal and yeah I
agree the United States has been played
beautifully like a fiddle because you
had a different kind of a leader we're
not gonna be played okay we're gonna
hopefully make a deal if we don't that's
fine
this isn't like past administrations we
don't play games I'm not gonna give you
what's going to actually happen cuz we
don't really know but I'll tell you one
thing we're not
games and I remember you know was very
rough three four months ago
that's very nice thank you that's where
no bail
I just want to get the job done I had
one of the fake news groups this morning
now they were saying what do you think
President Trump had to do with it
I'll tell you what like how about
everything even actually sounded like
they were saying no bail they were
actually saying no tell they were
talking about of course Michael Cohen in
the fifth minute let's go back to the
time zone change plan giving up a site
that had partially collapsed I'm not
being a skeptic here
but to suggest that this is going for
there than anything else is gone in
terms of negotiating a final agreement
that will get the job done it's hard to
say of course Nobel Prizes were handed
out for what happened in 1994 and it
ended up that the 1994 plan and the
Clinton administration only provided
more cover for this regime do you see
anything developing that would suggest
an endgame that is going to be different
these are preliminaries they're
confidence-building measures their
initial pass on one's own back
nominating yourself for a Nobel Peace
Prize is unusual I think it's a mistake
to minimize the importance of what's
happening right or to say that President
Trump hasn't had a role in any chase
that this idea that he's not being given
credit and he does deserve credit for
seizing the moment when it arrives we
don't know where that moment is going I
just would stress for viewers that the
driving force in this story is this
really quite unusual and surprising
young North Korean leader Kim jong-un it
was it was easy to take him
less than seriously given away looked
and acted but he has had for the last
couple years if you look carefully this
speeches and statements an idea that
North Korea would push to get nuclear
weapons and I'm sorry to say they do
have nuclear weapons and then would
pivot towards negotiation towards
working on its economy towards turning
to the West he's done exactly what he
said he laid out the script in a speech
on January 1 and he's been following it
helped along by South Korea so I think
it's great that President Trump sees
that moment and has engaged him and I
think he's properly but a little
skeptical he doesn't know what's gonna
happen but the process is is is is a
good one we now know the right questions
to ask you know what are the traps and
the things that might not work out but
you know let's let's see and you know
see with the encouragement with the
president so thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
