you heard the president on stage talking
about fake news well there is now a
controversy brewing over the choice of
entertainment at this year's White House
Correspondents Dinner in Washington over
the weekend most notably the comedian
Michelle Wolf's routine which as the New
York Times Franzen opened a divide over
the limits of comedy under a president
who rarely hesitates to attack the press
the biggest dividing line surrounded
Wolf's comments about White House press
secretary
Sarah Huckabee Sanders graced with
Sarah's presence tonight I have to say
I'm a little star-struck
I love you as aunt Lydia on The
Handmaid's Tale
my pants if you haven't seen it you
would love it every time Sara steps up
to the podium I get excited because I'm
not really sure what we're gonna get you
know a press briefing a bunch of lies or
divided into softball team
I actually really like Sarah I think
she's very resourceful like she burns
facts and then she uses that Ash to
create a perfect smoky eye like maybe
she's born with it
maybe it's lies and I'm never really
sure what to call Sarah Huckabee Sanders
you know is it Sarah Sanders is it Sarah
Huckabee Sanders is it cousin Huckabee
is it anti Huckabee Sanders like what's
Uncle Tom but for white women who
disappoint other white women
it's colter a lot of other raunchy
statements as well many people are now
calling on the White House
Correspondents Association to apologize
to the press secretary here is the
president of the Correspondents
Association Margaret Talib reacting the
morning after the dinner it was a great
honor to be able to preside over last
night's dinner and to represent all the
journalists who cover the White House my
aim and the way I sought to put together
the program was to build a spirit of
unity in that room my only regret is
that to some extent those 15 minutes are
now defining four hours of what was a
really wonderful and unifying night
Della Valle so released a statement last
night saying quote the program was meant
to offer a unifying message about our
common commitment to a vigorous and free
press while honoring civility great
reporting and scholarship winners not to
divide people unfortunately the
entertainer's monologue was not in the
spirit of that mission president Trump
who skipped the dinner tweeted quote the
White House Correspondents Dinner was a
failure last year but this year was an
embarrassment to everyone associated
with it
the filthy comedian totally bombed
couldn't even deliver her lines much
like Seth Meyers weak performance said
she and the incoming president are quote
committed to hearing from its members on
the format of the dinner going forward
so finally there is so much yeah there
is so much we could unwind here but
let's not waste too much time okay
Charlie Sykes actually summed up one of
the biggest dumpster fire days in
Twitter history yesterday when he said
and it's only thing I tweeted other than
being very excited about the homelands
finale starting left-wing Twitter sounds
a lot like right-wing Twitter today
and vice versa the lack of
self-awareness is jory yes so I was on
vacation last week I deleted my Twitter
out for my phone I completely heard
flood and then I turned to turn it on on
Sunday because I
for my job it was like walking into a
bar fight I had no idea about why
everybody was diet each other was a
revolving door turn right around and I
almost did and I kind of feel like
that's what people who don't saturate
themselves in the news cycle feel like
we might over inflate the importance of
this sort of thing so I'm not a fan of
judging comedy from the stands it's a
really tough room it's a tough business
I understand the pressure she was under
that wasn't really my cup of tea but
it's art and I don't really like judging
art like that by the way my law
professor always taught me about the
First Amendment it's time place manner
right like for instance what she's I
mean if they had invited Lenny Bruce to
come you know speak during you know the
early Kennedy years didn't get Lenny
Bruce and you couldn't be shocked at
Lenny Bruce at Lenny Bruce did what
Lenny Bruce did well if you didn't dave
chappelle at the end of the Clinton
administration he would have said that
nobody what are you thinking what were
they thinking it's not on the artist
it's not on the comedian it changed
their act right don't invite her or
don't invite lynnie Bruce or don't
invite Dave Chappelle unless you want
them to do what they're going to do and
when they do that don't be shot and
that's yeah that's what's most striking
about this from my perspective is the
White House Correspondents Dinner as
distinct from the Association we should
make the point that the Association does
very good work protecting journalists
from an adversarial institution in the
White House the dinner on the other hand
has been a problem for the for the
institution of journalism for years
right it wasn't recognized under the
Obama administration when journalists
would go in hobnob with celebrities
alongside Valerie Jarrett and the
adversarial nature of this institution
melted away in this cloud of celebrity
now it's overtly hostile and it
demonstrates the the biases that are
inherent and fundamentally palpable
hypocrisy and about us well I mean I and
of course all this comes when when
yesterday and Twitter there's so many
people that supported Donald Trump were
so shocked and stunned and deeply
by what happened but is your your
fellow-traveller John Fedor had said
about Trumpkin x' they who probably
should put a big mirror up in front of
them and look at the person they've been
laughing with in supporting for some
time in March of 2016 Donald Trump
retweeted a photo of Ted Cruz's wife
Heidi comparing her to a photo of
Melania in December 2017 this Trump
tweet about Senator a senator Kirsten
Gillibrand saying quote she was somebody
who had come to my office begging for
campaign contributions and would do
anything for them in June 2017 Trump's
tweets at mica attacking her
intelligence attacking her appearance
are these comments attacking everyone
from Miss Universe to a gold star mom to
Rosie O'Donnell at the very last
question when she brought up the person
that became a you know I know that
person that person was a Miss Universe
person and she was the worst we ever had
the worst the absolute worst issue is it
possible she was the winner and you know
she gained a massive amount of weight
and it was it was real problem he said
you wouldn't even let his son in America
yes no he doesn't know that I saw him he
was you know very emotional and probably
looked like a nice guy to me his wife if
you look at his wife she was standing
there she had nothing to say she
probably maybe she wasn't allowed to
have anything to say you tell me but
plenty of people have written that she
she was extremely quiet and it looked
like she had nothing to say a lot of
people have said that Rosie O'Donnell is
disgusting I mean both inside and out
you take a look at her she's a slob she
talks like a like a truck driver if I
were running the view I'd fire Rosie I
mean I'd look
right in that fat ugly face of hers I'd
say Rosie you fired we're all a little
chubby but Rosie's just worse than most
of us but it's not the chubbiness rosie
is a very unattractive person both
inside and out
so I mean we could get into the Bertha
race and we could get into the assault
insults about you could go down the
entire list I mean it goes on forever
and ever in fact the New York Times has
compiled a list of 446 people places and
things that Donald Trump has insulted
just on Twitter just since he took
office 15 months ago so really Nica the
criticism from from Trump supporters is
rich I must say there were quite a few
people that I've known and I've
considered friends for some time saying
they were shocked and stunned and deeply
saddened and they were so shocked by the
personal insults that they left early
and then they went to after parties and
had a great time there but these friends
of mine for 20 years certainly didn't
call me up and say hey Joe we're
thinking about you so sorry he attacked
your fiancees appearance hey Joe we're
sorry that Donald Trump said you were a
murderer and you had to go home and
explain that to your nine-year-old boy
or 14-year I understand it I'm a big boy
I didn't bitch about it at the time but
for these people who were so shocked and
stunned and deeply saddened that a
comedian did what comedians do and yet
they just apologized for Donald Trump
over and over again and kept their mouth
shut
what Joe that is had concerns I did I
have always about the dinner I'll say
that you know given what we just the
montage that we just displayed I don't
think that the media at any point right
now should be stooping to the same level
or choosing an entertainer who had
stooped to the same level having said
that she was very funny I would watch
her Netflix special and I thought that a
lot of her jokes though some of them
were really raunchy probably were really
funny but they're now why and who could
who didn't predict it's becoming a huge
problem having a
median who's a little edgy coming to the
White House Correspondents Dinner at a
time when the press is under fire by the
President himself
like we've got to hold ourselves to a
higher standard and I think it's really
having it both ways to have this woman
at the dinner and then apologize for it
you get you own it White House creation
you invited her you loved it and we
should be honoring journalists maybe
have a more serious dinner maybe have
someone like a gold star mother up there
or something different you know maybe
this would have been the year for
something different but I really thought
that the pain of the people on stage
when Sarah Huckabee Sanders was being
made fun of I everybody felt pain for
her she felt pain and it really bothered
me and I know there's big controversy
about whether or not her appearance was
being made fun of her or not come on by
the way here's some more hypocrisy she
looked pain no I hated for a prolonged
amount of time on stage do we really
want to be laughing at that I mean I
find Apocrypha from the left also
suggesting that that her appearance
wasn't brought into it again a lot of
people I respect we can debate no there
look at the words there's no debate
everybody that was in there everybody
that I talked to right so many people
that have so little use for Donald Trump
who have contempt for Donald Trump all
felt uncomfortable all set inside that
room that it was not you can talk about
picking the softball teams as Maggie
Haberman brought up the handmaidens tell
it's let's look at a picture of who she
was referring to yesterday and you tell
me if this was just about her
personality and character or how she
looked the attack an actress was dressed
to look drab right so but here's the
thing
I think at this point you have to really
look at the whole thing and think it was
you know whether or not was a good
choice but this was a win for Trump so
if you didn't want this to be a win for
Trump you gave them one in a big way and
I have covered Sarah Huckabee Sanders I
have been extremely critical and I think
women should be able to be critical of
other women equally as the art of men so
I'm all for that but I think that this
was over-the-top
yeah look Mike actually the joke was
about lying and not her looks I think
the reference to an Lydia was reference
to the character on that show that's my
opinion everyone play can you agree I
wanted to say is this whole event has
become problematic
it is not journalistic it is a
celebration of the wrong values right
and if you invite a comedian to it you
were putting the entire press corps on
the hook for whatever that comedian says
right you are yeah and it's pointless
and I've watched this play out year
after year and this year we have the
most powerful man in the world the
president and the party that controls
every institution of Washington playing
that they're victims of a comedian right
and I'm sorry I don't really care if
your victims of a comedian but I do care
that she becomes a stand-in for the work
that my colleagues do in the White House
yeah there's a lot of good and
hardworking people who work every day to
bring the truth to their readers and
their viewers and I want to see that
celebrated as it should be you know just
you look at that I wasn't there but you
look at the Twitter feed after it and
we're living in such a time where people
are so divided already that all I could
see during the course of yesterday was
women being pitted against men black
people being with white people
Republicans being pitted against
Democrats now it's not the job of
journalists to bring us all together but
that dinner certainly succeeded in
playing on existing divisions and
multiplying wonderful it was a wonderful
two days for Donald Trump yeah but I
mean we shouldn't be talking about a
charity dinner as though it was a
political victory for one party or
another and there was a time in living
memory where we could all take ourselves
a little less seriously in a roomful not
right actually actually not right now
actually I think right now we know we
all need to hunker down and get to work
and I would say the times for a long
night of partying and making fun of
ourselves and raunchy jokes I don't
think it's now at all I'm I was
horrified by it because we were actually
undermining ourselves I
agree with you I also think that the
high purple it is a politicization of
events like these which used to be a
political expressly a political right is
it is a dispiriting the bill by the way
and then another thing too that John
Fodor it's said was nobody's gonna
remember this until we it was it was a
big night for Michelle wolf and she
spoke to a lot I talked to a lot of
people that I stay not involved in
pollinating and they were all saying hey
did you see this joke and they were
coming up showing me Michelle wolf oh
yeah oh yeah that's that's pretty funny
but again David it's all time place
manner and by the way David it's not the
comedian's job to change her act nope
as she said in the middle of her speech
I guess they didn't do much research on
me here you have journalists research on
Michelle Rhee they did and what she does
but David them the part that was the
most jarring for me and why they really
need to stop bringing comedians in was a
part where she did and again she's doing
their job her job is to be edgy I think
when she said how poor is Donald Trump
is so poor and then you have this scene
going out to Americans where the
journalists were answering how poor is
he basically taking part in a bit that
was intended primarily to humiliate
Donald Trump
I just none of us here I think believe
that journalists should put themselves
in that position I think mica said it
right is time when we should hunker down
and get to work
we do need to understand that
journalists our profession is not
popular journalism is not popular with
too many Americans they don't trust us
they think we're the people who put on
tuxedos and go to fancy parties and you
know laugh at jokes that are mocking
people in the administration and that's
that image is is a dangerous one for us
because the country needs to believe not
and not in this press corps or any other
but but in the First Amendment and the
right to say and think what you believe
you know the idea of finding finding a
comic who's gonna say acceptable jokes
it what a nightmare I'd rather let's
cancel the dinner rather than do that
search but I think Micah's got it right
this is a period when we just we need to
do our jobs and be seen to do that and
so the country says well I'm glad
they're out there doing that tough work
I'm glad they're telling me the things I
need to know yep and and by the way Mika
you know the press has been trying to
figure out all the hand-wringing about
why people think that we're not
straightforward right you don't get it
right that we're biased against people
in Middle America I challenge anybody
today to find the monologue during
Barack Obama's eight years as president
where a comedian went after Barack Obama
1/100 of the way every comedians gonna
go after Donald Trump our george w bush
our George HW Bush our Newt Gingrich or
any other Republican of prominence it
just it is unbalanced that's just the
way it is hold the damn awards show
reward people like Maggie Haberman and
Josh Stassi and the other great German
journalists who just got killed in
Afghanistan there's seven journalists it
just got killed in Afghanistan it we
don't have to like be entertained at the
end we can just celebrate one night a
year I agree
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
