Ohio Governor John Kasich tried to
distinguish himself in the massive 2016
primary field by being a voice of reason
when I sat down with him today we talked
about whether he would try and do it
again in 2020 and whether that message
will be better received in his own party
now
well you know I was thinking about this
first of all they everybody said they
wanted to rip up the Iran deal and I
said well no no we need to see how Iran
does and whether they abide by the deal
and I'm like the only one saying that
and then they're like everybody wanted
15 million Hispanics who came here
illegally put him on a bus and ship him
out I said well that's not practical or
we could balance the budget by going
after waste fraud and abuse I mean I was
like or I expanded Medicaid because I
thought the people who were
drug-addicted and mentally ill ought to
get help so when I think back on that
that was pretty weird you know so why it
was weird because I was really
articulating in some respects
traditional maybe you know maybe not
totally traditional Republican views but
that's not what the country wanted back
then what is traditional Republican well
I've been around long enough to have
actually known and was here when Ronald
Reagan was president
everybody talks about saint reagan you
know we love them what was he well he
could make compromise when it was
necessary he was pragmatic made a deal
with Tip O'Neill we all know about that
he was a pro immigrant he was pro trade
he was you know he was a growth guy you
know everybody should win not just those
at the top at those at the boss doesn't
sound like president Trump's Republican
Party to me well is it Trump's
Republican Party or what where is the
party see I think the party has left me
I don't think I've left the party so
people say don't consider yourself
Republic oh yeah yeah okay see here's
the thing that's so amazing
people say well he's not conservative me
I'm not conservative enough well we have
a balanced budget with very high ratings
in Ohio
we're running a two billion dollar
surplus there are now 1/2 million
Ohioans
working who didn't have a job when I
came in but we're also helping people
who struggle whether they're mentally
ill or drug-addicted and we're
pro-immigrant I mean if immigrants don't
want to live somewhere in America come
to Ohio we'd like to have you there
what's what what is what's wrong with
that what's wrong with caring about
people
what's wrong with lifting people and
what's wrong with balancing budgets
running surpluses and creating jobs what
am i it's the weirdest thing I mean why
would somebody and first of all I think
today honestly there's two polls there's
the hard left and there's the hard right
and they don't want to hear anything any
information that disagrees with their
position but there's a vast ocean I
believe in the middle and it is filled
with people who I hope who I believe are
rational objective and seek the truth
because you know we're in a post truth
environment where we can't even agree
that you and I ever sat here some people
would argue right so if you can get that
I don't care whether you're Republican
Democrat look real conservative once we
get those folks there we can mediate all
of our issues so it seems like you're
arguing for at the very least some sort
of challenge to this president or at
least you're saying there would be room
for somebody in that middle well I don't
know I don't I have no idea I wouldn't
want to waste my time or my friends time
my family's time and you know I I don't
know what I'm gonna do on that I'm more
worried I mean this is what's hard for
people you thinking about it in this
town no I'm thinking about as all my
options are on the table I don't know
what I'm gonna do I have no clue I don't
know what I'm gonna do when I leave my
current job but because I speak out and
I say these things people think oh he
must be running for something see it's
like no no good deed politician well
some people say I've drifted more
towards philosophy than politics if you
saw my State of the State address I'm
probably the only governor to make a
speech where I didn't brag about any
accomplishments I'm talking about virtue
I'm talking about us you
you know going back and discovering and
you saw some of this on the campaign
trail that I believe that the Lord you
don't have to agree with me on this but
the Lord has printed his values and his
virtues on our hearts and that's about
compassion and forgiveness and
hopefulness and human connectedness I
mean that's what I want to do now I
don't know where that journeys gonna
take me and in this town I mean one
minute we got we're talking about
whether the president's going to the
Correspondents Dinner in the next minute
we're firing the chaplain I mean who
knows what's gonna happen here in this
town it's crazy
do you think President Trump is a
virtuous man I would never be talking
about whether somebody's virtually he's
just talking about virtues being printed
on your yeah well let's see the the pace
first of all none of us are really all
that virtuous we're all flawed we all
don't care enough we all do things about
ourselves our ego role model for your
kids I don't try to pick politicians or
sports figures to be really role models
for my kids the best role models for my
kids are me if I know I'm a person I
happen to have a job as a politician do
I think leaders matter yes but I also
think the community matters because
without the community you can't you
can't be successful you're tilting at
windmills it sounds to me as though
you're arguing that there is this vast
Center that Washington is crazy and that
we need leaders who are in the middle on
the other hand you seem unwilling to
credit size president Trump I'm not I'm
not saying that I'm not saying that it's
not the middle no one wants to be in the
middle it's people who are rational
people who say the president is not
rational is I'm sorry
here's what I'm saying if you're on the
extremes you only absorb that that you
agree with and if you can be rational
and if you could absorb things you don't
agree with and if you can be in a
position of seeking the truth and
everything's not about fake news because
I don't like what they're saying about
me that doesn't mean I'm in the middle
means I'm rational so I can have great
disagreements with people who are
rational and seek the truth but I
believe I can mediate them I can I can
reach agreement with people who seek the
truth in our
active with people who are out here on
the extremes or taking care of
themselves we'll come back for them
later once we build our community and so
my disagreement with the president it
divides I'm not a enough for dividers I
don't care whether it's the president or
somebody running for Congress or City
Council doesn't matter to me we can't
have any more division in this country I
can disagree with you but I don't we
don't have to divide ourselves and you
think president Trump is divisive he is
divisive yeah yeah I wish he wasn't
I wish he'd change I've said that from
the beginning it's why I didn't go to
the convention it's why I didn't endorse
him and people think well you know he
didn't endorse him because he's mad had
nothing to do with it
I don't want our leaders to be saying
the reason why you don't have something
just because somebody else took it from
you that creates a victimhood
you know there are many people in the
country now who feel like victims and
when you're a victim when you are a
victim you have no power you what you
feel hopeless and you are angry and I
don't believe that our leaders should
say the reason why it whether it
whatever it is if it's business or
sports or religion or whatever the
reason why things are bad for you is
because that person took your stuff bad
way to run our country but we're strong
country we'll be fine to go back to what
we were talking about earlier you there
are reports that you met with
billionaire donors over the course of
the past week as you like try to meet
with with regular people and billion
Hertz's I can't well I don't know where
that report came from I mean I traveled
the country I was in Texas last week did
that happen no no I went down and I went
to the but it made it look like there
was some kind of like I don't know whose
it was way out there the story I thought
was exaggerated but I was down there I
went to the Barbara Bush literacy
council I met some people there who were
who were wealthy I mean I'm you know you
see these people around politics and
look I won't tell you this no Casey no
no look I'm gonna be maybe just clear
I'm gonna keep my political operation
alive for because I want to have a voice
and I need to raise certain amount of
money each year in order to do that to
be effective and to do my research to be
able to travel to be able to bark
be articulate I'm gonna travel this fall
for Republicans who I believe can be
objective and those who have courage I'm
not traveling for people who are just
you know saluting the president that's
not what I'm gonna do if you are if you
are engaging in division I'm not helping
you if you're somebody that wants to
stand up and be rational and all that
kind of stuff and objective and seek the
truth I'm gonna come and help you
because there's suburban REMIC or
suburban Republicans that are gonna want
me to go out and campaign for them I
will gladly do it because I'm a
Republican and I'm a conservative
so do I meet with people who have money
and ask them to help me yes but I also
have a website and I ask everything why
don't you send me a contribution we
don't tell I am not allowed to do that
oh you can't John Kasich thank you so
much I really appreciate your time down
there
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
