we have to keep the house because if you
listen to Maxine Waters she goes around
saying we will impeach him
we will impeach him that people said but
he hasn't done anything wrong
oh that doesn't matter we will impeach
the president Donald Trump stay true to
form and his Michigan rally on Saturday
and joining me now for our moment of
Maxine is the aforementioned
congresswoman Maxine Waters of
California it just wouldn't be a Trump
rally
congresswoman if you did not appear in
spirit so so Donald says the reason now
you know Nancy Pelosi was the reason to
vote in 2010 ago because President Obama
and apparently now you are the reason
Republicans should vote in the coming of
midterm because of impeachment your
thoughts well first of all he's
absolutely correct that I am encouraging
impeachment but he's incorrect when he
says and implies that at the rallies
people are saying but he's done nothing
wrong that's not what they're saying
back to me when I say impeach him I
don't say impeach him quite that way
I say impeach forty five and they go
nuts and they agree and seventy percent
of Democrats in a recent poll said he
should be impeached
yeah and we're putting that poll up
right now that's a poll from NPR and PBS
Newshour and the Marist organization
among Democratic voters seventy percent
say impeach eighteen percent say not
that meaning that they would prefer to
vote for a candidate who wants to
impeach Donald Trump so why then do you
suppose that so few Democrats are
carrying that message Tom Styer who's
not officially you know it he's not an
elected official in the Democratic Party
is running ads on it you talk about it a
lot but Nancy Pelosi just on Thursday
discussing impeachment said the
following I don't think that we should
be talking about impeachment I've been
very clear right from the start they
criticized me when I was speaker before
for not impeaching
Bush on a political side I think it's a
gift to the Republicans to talk about
impeachment what we want to talk about
is what they're doing to undermine
working families in our country and what
we are doing to increase their payroll
and lower their cost your thoughts
congresswoman well I respect that and
Nancy Pelosi has said all along that she
really wanted everything geared toward
talking about what we are doing and how
we're working for the people and you
know about our public policy I respect
that but however I'm with the 70 percent
I want him impeach and so I continue to
advocate for that because I think this
is the most outrageous human being that
could ever represent our country and of
course when you take a look at the lies
that you've told we take a look at all
of his allies and their connections to
Russia and to Putin and to the oligarchs
you cannot help but think that not only
did they work to support him in the
elections and I think we know enough
about that they hacked into the DNC that
he certainly can be accused of collusion
and I think it's going to be proven so
it's a combination of collusion with
Russia and obstruction of justice that I
believe will lead to this impeachment
and I think it's clear to you know
anyone who's observed the situation that
the only way that an impeachment would
ever happen is in fact if the House of
Representatives came to be controlled by
the Democratic Party because Republicans
have made it very clear that that is not
going to happen on their watch on Donald
Trump was just tweeting in the last
couple of days about this House
Intelligence Committee report
exonerating him with his all caps no
collusion and you know House
Intelligence Committee report is nothing
they did a very poor job it's a
political report out to support Trump
and to deny those who have testimony to
be compelled to come before the
committee and
and tell what they know so they did a
very poor job it was all designed to say
no no no there was no collusion however
I believe that Muller is doing a
fabulous job I'm watching him a lot of
people are depending on what he's going
to report to Congress and let me just
say this I do believe that when this
information is exposed about the real
connections between this President Putin
and Matta Ford and Carter Paige and
Michael Flynn and all of them who we
know have had some involvement with
Putin and their oligarchs when it comes
out it's gonna be hard for some of those
Republicans you claim to be so patriotic
to stand with him and to deny the facts
and so the Republicans who claim to be
very very patriotic they love this
country more than anybody else they're
gonna have to prove it when the facts
are revealed so you believe that let's
just you know fast forward to 2019 if
Democrats come to be in control of the
House Judiciary Committee for instance
and they were to put forward and
probably on a party-line vote articles
of impeachment do you believe there
would be enough votes between the two
parties and you would need some
Republicans to to impeach Donald Trump
realistically well let me just say this
I believe if the facts are unveiled
whether it is in the next six months
before the November elections or after
that Republicans are going to be hard
pressed to stand with this president and
to deny that he has concluded with
Russia and that he's obstructed justice
I think even as the Republicans see it
now some of them are whispering they are
embarrassed they're worried they're
scared that you know this president is
going to take them down eventually and
so I believe that there will be
Republicans who will have to come out
and agree with the facts that are going
to be presented I want to you
mentioned Robert Muller and the of
course there is a DNC lawsuit
in terms of you know suing the Trump
campaign suing Russia suing WikiLeaks
about the hacking of the DNC's email
DNC's emails your colleague congressman
Hakeem Jeffries was on CNN defending
that lawsuit against a specific
criticism that it actually is
interfering with the Muller probe take a
listen okay we should allow Bob mullahs
investigation to proceed that's the most
important thing but a civil lawsuit at
the end of the day if it helps to
uncover facts that can be presented to
the American people is not a bad thing
what's your response to that congressman
do are you concerned that the DNC's
lawsuit might actually interfere with
bob Muller's probe i am not concerned at
all I think the DNC is doing the right
thing should go forward with it
everything that we can do to get the
truth to the American people about what
has gone on with the election of Donald
Trump and the way that he has ruled in
this presidency and all of that cabinet
that he has that have been appointed to
basically dismantle some of the best
public policy this United States
government has ever produced
I think it is important for us to dig to
press and to do everything that we can
I support the DNC and let's talk about
one more question about robert muller
and there have been some you know in
fits and starts efforts to protect him
legislatively do you see any of that
advancing especially in the house well
it doesn't matter if it doesn't advance
much further the fact of the matter is
that it has been taken up and you can
see that there is a warning that has
been started to this president
you'd better not fire Mahler you'd
better not fire Rosenstein that is
really stepping over the line and if you
do that you are really going to be
confronted with your ability what you're
doing and your attempts rather to
obstruct justice
yeah and lastly it is a you know off the
subject of we bring you on we'd love to
talk to you about the the Russia
investigation it's something that you
really focused on but I just have to get
your car
on the firing if you could of the house
chaplain what do you make of that well I
think that's one of the meanest things
that could ever have been done the
chaplain is a wonderful chaplain who has
done his duty in a very respectful way
and for them to use the power of the
majority to fire this chaplain is just
unheard of it's the first time in the
history of the Congress of the United
States of America
that it's ever been done but I suppose
you can just say that Paul Ryan on his
way out has proven that he's never been
worthy of being the speaker and he's
capable of these kinds of actions which
makes me say well get on out I'm glad
that you're gone you didn't deserve to
be there in the first place never one to
mince words congresswoman Maxine Waters
thank you for your time on this Sunday
have a wonderful rest of the day you're
welcome thank you Joey
Thank You Maureen Joe after the break
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
