we had a race we have a real race in
Texas and the reason is simple the left
is energized tens of millions of dollars
are flooding into Texas from liberals
all over the country and it also means
we're gonna see record-setting
Democratic turnout now the good news is
in Texas there a whole lot more
conservatives than liberals right so
this election is all about turnout fires
Ted Cruz one of those Republican
senators running for re-election
Republicans trying to hang on to that
very narrow majority they have in the
Senate we've been talking about
potential midterm ramifications for the
Cavanagh nomination you've got
Republicans out there saying their
energies up the polls showing the
Republican voter energy is up a little
bit the question of whether that's gonna
last let's take a look at the Senate
side though in particular some of the
early readout we're getting on this
check out some of the new polling we've
seen now this is North Dakota this was
taken before Heidi Heitkamp voted no on
the Kavanagh nomination and you see even
before that she was in a world of
trouble in North Dakota 12 points behind
Kevin Cramer her challenger Heitkamp
clearly the most vulnerable Democratic
incumbent hey North Dakota went for
Trump by 36 points in 2016 she voted no
on that nomination we will see if she
can pull something out there but clearly
the most endangered Democratic Senate
vote now the flip side Joe major and the
only Democrat in the Senate to vote yes
over the weekend on the Kavanagh
nomination and Manchin had been getting
encouraging polling news out of West
Virginia even before this vote West
Virginia went for trump by 42 points but
Manchin has managed to separate himself
from his national party he was already
in decent shape
he further separates himself from his
national party with this vote that might
have improved his chances of keeping
that seat Democratic in November
Tennessee this one's interesting because
you saw this poll come out yesterday
Blackburn leading brightest in the
Democrat by 8 there was another poll a
couple days ago that had Blackburn ahead
by 5 points there it's a question of is
there now momentum behind Blackburn
bredesen been performing very well this
year leading in a lot of polls including
one we took not long ago is this one
starting you know Trump won this state
big is it starting to become a
Republican hole Texas you mentioned Cruz
II of show Cruz there Cruz continuing to
lead in Texas here's the
they're interesting one though Dean
Heller the only Republican incumbent up
in a state that Hillary Clinton won on
the Senate side the only Republican
senator up in a state Hillary Clinton
won in 2016
he's trailing a couple points in this
poll and he voted for the Cavanaugh
nomination so this could be a flip side
politically of what we're talking about
those Democrats and Trump states having
to explain no votes to pro Trump
constituency Heller's got to explain a
yes vote to a state that voted for
Hillary Clinton and he's already in some
trouble in the polling right there so
that's a quick look at the landscape
joining me now on set as I make my way
back over we've got Patrick Murray the
Monmouth University polling director
he's been polling all sorts of Senate
races House races key races all around
the country Patrick thanks for taking a
few minutes
it is interesting going through those
Senate numbers we talked about the house
all the time
we talked about the suburbs but that is
a reminder that when you're talking
about battle for control of the Senate
you're talking about Trump country
essentially being what's gonna decide
this right and that's actually that's
absolutely it but one of the things that
we've been seeing is that the Republican
enthusiasm gap that you talked about
earlier in the hour that Republicans
have been closing that has been
happening slowly but surely since Labor
Day and I think a lot of it was it
wasn't was just a natural correction
that the Democrats were just abnormally
enthused over this summer and this was
just a catch up and I remember sitting
across the desk from you probably a
couple weeks ago and saying I don't
necessarily see a blue wave yet I see a
blue high tide and guess what I think
we're still in that kind of area right
now that's interesting what you're
saying because the question we're asking
is if it's a Cavanagh surge in
Republican energy does the surge recede
as the news moves on and Cavanaugh
becomes something that feels like it
happened 10 years ago but if you're
saying you've been seeing an uptick
since Labor Day or so that suggests
something that might be more sustainable
for yeah and I think so I think it's
sustainable in fact and the races that
we've been polling over the past two
weeks we've been asking about the
Cavanaugh impact and every single race
it's not changing voters minds because
pretty much where they stood is baked in
the real question is do they go out to
vote that's where we are seeing a slight
shift with a few more points of
Republicans coming out to vote then we
saw over the summer which is keeping
these races very
so we're seeing a whole bunch of races
where the Democrats are lined up
particularly the house where they're
lined up just a couple of points ahead
but really nothing's moving there and
they could all swing in the opposite
direction by the time we get to Election
Day
then you see all these Senate races
where things are up and down and Senate
races are have a lot more issues
involved in them than the House races
just because it's a larger larger
electorate that we're dealing with but
you know we'll see how this plays out
because I think that the initial impact
of the Cavanaugh effect and the but the
fact particularly at were you seen the
polling in the last two weeks was about
the threat to the nomination and so I
think that part of that will receive but
there's still an underlying sustainable
increase in Republican enthusiasm that
will still be there the question is is
it going to be enough to just overcome
Democrats and not lose too many seats or
will it tick just a few points the other
way and Democrats can pick up those
extra seats hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
