is this better than that phony
Washington White House I could be up
there tonight smiling like I loved
weather hitting you shot after shot
these people they hate your guts shot
and I'm supposed and you know you got a
spot and if you don't smile they'll say
he was terrible he couldn't take it and
if you do smile they'll say what was he
smiling about you know there's no way
good morning and welcome to am joy for
the second year in a row Donald Trump
skipped the White House Correspondents
Dinner his last visit there apparently
wasn't enjoyable remember those jokes
Barack Obama told about him in 2011 but
he didn't skip a beat when it came to
attacking the media instead of going to
Washington DC to do it in a hilarious
monologue in the Hilton ballroom Trump
went to Washington Township Michigan
rallying his base with his usual
freewheeling rants on anything and
everything perhaps it was best that
Trump wasn't at the dinner
affectionately known as nerd prom
because he probably would have been even
angrier than he was in 2011 after
comedian Michelle wolf Unleashed 20
minutes of scorching risque comedy
sparing no one not Trump 9 Vice
President Mike Pence not members of
trumps cabinet and his family and no not
the media either prompting some
criticism from Trump's allies and from
some in the Fourth Estate here's some of
that monologue at least the safe for
morning TV version here we are the White
House Correspondents Dinner like a porn
star says when she's about to have sex
with the Trump let's get this over with
mr. president I don't think you're very
rich might be rich in Idaho but in New
York you're doing fine we should
definitely talk about the women in the
Trump administration there's Kellyanne
Conway man she has the perfect last name
for what she does
you guys gotta stop putting Kellyanne on
your shows all she does is lie if you
don't give her a platform she has
nowhere to lie it's like that old saying
if a tree falls in the woods how do we
get Kellyanne under that tree suggesting
she gets hurt just stuck I actually
really liked Sarah I think she's very
resourceful like she burns facts and
then she uses that ash to create a
perfect smoky eye like maybe she's born
with it maybe it's lies it's probably
like joining me now Marisa Kumar
president and CEO of voto Latino Dana
Millbank and ejg owner of the Washington
Post and Tiffany Kraus co-founder of the
beat DC all right well Moran Teresa you
are the one person who was at the dinner
of it is here with us today and it was
pretty it was a scorcher I mean Michelle
will spared no one a lot of people have
criticized it I want to play let me play
one more bite this might it might be the
same so let's just actually play saw to
this was one of the things that she said
about Reince Priebus take a listen
it's 2018 and I am a woman so you cannot
shut me up
unless you have Michael Cohen wire me a
hundred and thirty thousand dollars
Michael you can find me on venmo under
my porn star name Reince Priebus
Brian's just gave a thumbs up okay okay
so you just saw Reince Priebus laughing
there he then later tweeted something
that was not so flattering to the event
he's at an are x-rated spectacle that
started poorly and ended up at in the
bottom of the canyon another victory for
a real Donald Trump for not attending
and proving his point once again the
room was uncomfortable Trump lovers and
even a large number of Trump haters were
pretty miserable
what was your take were people
uncomfortable miserable what was the
read in the room I think people were
definitely uncomfortable on this and
I've been going there I've been
fortunate from going to attend the
dinner now this is my tenth year in a
row and I have to say every single year
the comedian reflects the administration
and in this case it was uncomfortable
she was speaking truths there was a
level of crassness that I had never
witnessed but I think it was a speaking
to a Crassus that we've never witnessed
within the White House and I think that
that is what made people uncomfortable
and I think that yes we have to be able
to speak to those truths what she said
was not wrong there is something coming
out of the White House that makes
everybody uncomfortable and if we cannot
use comedy to actually face those truths
yeah it makes us we can actually not we
can be disingenuous because and what I
loved at the end though joy is after all
of this she book ended it and basically
said and Flint still does not have clean
water
yes so she's like whatever is happening
right now yeah get over yourselves we
still have to sort this out with the
policy is not being done yes the
American people absolutely yes she was
very blunt and she's very uh straight to
the point I want to play a couple more
montage those you didn't see it it's on
youtube if you want to watch the whole
thing it's about 20 minutes long here is
a little bit more of Michelle wolf
talking about Sarah Huckabee sander this
is this has gotten a lot of criticism
from including some folks in media we
are graced with Sarah's presence tonight
I have to say I'm a little star-struck I
love you with aunt Lydia on The
Handmaid's Tale I actually really liked
Sarah I think she's very resourceful
like she burns facts and then she uses
that Ash to create a perfect smoky eye
like maybe she's born with it maybe it's
lies
and one more little bite this is a
Michelle wolf going after Ivanka Trump
this is one of the things and one of the
jokes about her there's also a course of
vodka she was supposed to be an advocate
for women but it turns out she's about
as helpful to women as an empty box of
tampons all right I'm gonna go first to
Dana and then to Tiffany on this I mean
those jokes have gotten a lot of
criticism that they were too personal to
mean what is your take Dana and does
this event I don't know
is it is it become too uncomfortable
well joy it became too uncomfortable for
me about 12 or 15 years ago and I I
don't participate in this I you know
look yes it was vulgar and Maria's right
it reflects the vulgarity of our time
how much better would this be for our
profession if we just stop doing this
Chuck the comedian you know what instead
read out the names of all the
journalists who died around the world
doing their jobs raise money for the
First Amendment do something that we can
be proud of and feel honorable about I
don't doubt that it's you know
legitimate like Stephen Colbert got some
grief when he mocked george w bush that
now seems completely tame by comparison
the entire political culture is getting
more coarse and more vulgar all the time
I don't see why we as journalists have
to validate that and participate in that
let's make this about what it should be
and that is the the the First Amendment
the Free Press
you know in Tiffany I've been to this
dinner I went a few years on when
President Obama was in office and and
there was you know the one year went
that really got felt uncomfortable for
me was when Baltimore was happening kind
of it while we were in the room in our
ball gowns
you know Baltimore is melting down and I
had a weird feeling about it that you
know I don't know if being in the room
with people you cover it there's a lot
that's uncomfortable but what people are
zeroing in on is not so much that the
sort of weird incestuous nature of it
but that a lot of journalists felt like
it was really unfair particularly to
Sarah Huckabee Sanders with whom they
work you know in there is a working
relationship there between the press and
Sarah Huckabee Sanders I don't remember
who it was actually tweeted that they
were amazed though they gave her credit
for not walking out what is your tape
I mean I think it's a lot of unfairness
to the American people when Sarah
Huckabee Sanders stands at that podium
every day and spits out lies so look I'd
say to the people who were uncomfortable
in the room and the people who were
watching at home and they were
uncomfortable if you were made to feel
uncomfortable by Michelle wolf making
fun of the actual words that the
president has said and actual things
that people have in this administration
have done but you weren't uncomfortable
by the president calling Nazis good
people you weren't uncomfortable by the
president talking about grabbing women
by their private parts you weren't
uncomfortable by the president putting
our very democracy in danger then you
need to check your hypocrisy and your
privilege I think yes Michelle wolf was
certainly a bit crass in her delivery
the president is very crass and when
what he tweets out on a daily basis I do
say I don't disagree with what Dana said
I do think it would be a great
opportunity to highlight the work that
journalists have done I've heard a lot
of people talk about how the dinner has
changed now and I think it became
something the biggest change that
occurred with the sinner is during the
Obama administration this dinner used to
be about the media and it certainly has
grown and and had a little bit of
Hollywood Flair added to it during the
Obama administration it became a DC
Oscar event I mean it was ridiculous
there were more CEOs and celebrities in
the room then there were people who
actually covered the White House so in
many ways the the toned down version of
the center it's taken shape to what it
used to be in terms of the attendees but
certainly the language and what Michelle
Wolfe said is reflective of the times we
live in
and I just I find it laughable that
we're sitting here dissecting what she
said and pointing to her as though she's
the problem and not the administration
itself and certainly not this president
who have you looked at his twitter
twitter feed and don't clutch your
pearls but hear what she said and you
same this gasp and this shock at her
language then it just seems very
ridiculous and hypocritical to me and
you know EJ took to that very point you
know Donald Trump called the you know
the famous grabbed them by the we won't
say it you know tape the Access
Hollywood tape locker room talk and he's
never you know he's not back down from
you know calling Maxine Waters
congresswoman Maxine Waters low IQ or
things like that so you know if that is
the times then why do you suppose you
know people include people in the media
are so defensive of the this
administration I mean I don imus gotten
a lot of trouble for being really tough
on george w bush as well when he did it
Oh honestly joy I don't really don't
think the issue is being defensive of
this administration pretty much
everybody on this panel agrees on the
awfulness the coarseness the nastiness
the abuse of the president Trump and the
people who work for him I'm a hundred
percent with Danna I have to say that
this dinner at this point really needs
to be about celebrating the importance
of press freedom to free and democratic
republic and that distractions from that
obligation to the extent that a dinner
has an obligation any distractions from
that are actually not very helpful and
it's hard for any comedian in this
setting to comedians are obviously
somewhat offensive by nature and I'm
very happy that comedians are free to
make fun of people in power but I just
think they the point is the very fact
that we're having this discussion
instead of talking more about Trump's
rant out in Michigan and the very things
about him that are wrong suggest that we
just got to rethink I mean I'm not I
haven't been part of it very much myself
either over the years but I think the
organizers of this dinner just have to
rethink what it's about in the Trump era
yeah and just to give the viewers an
update on now how Donald Trump thinks
about himself he tweeted to your point
EJ about Michigan while Washington
Michigan which is where he was was a big
success Washington DC just didn't work
everyone is talking about the fact that
the White House Correspondents Dinner
was a very big boring bus the so-called
comedian really bombed Greg Gutfeld
should host next year so he's
criticizing it but he's also suggesting
a comedian for next year that's
interesting Sean Spicer called the
evening a disgrace but you know to the
point where it's a gumar about the media
Michelle wolf did not spare the media
either and there is another point here
there's sort of a flip side to this
right as much as Donald Trump is the
object of our fixation in a lot of ways
he's also the product
our way of doing business right and so
she pointed that she said the reason
you've provided him all this airtime so
you know are you helped create this but
I have to say the fact that Donald Trump
chose not to go to the dinner and he's
instead he sent a woman Sarah Huckabee
for Sanders to take the brunt of all the
jokes everybody knew that it was going
it was going to get uncomfortable but
again he decided that he wasn't going to
put that efficient and he said he
decided to deploy his yes woman that
actually speaks volumes to the
administration and how they conduct
themselves and how they actually put
these individuals continuously in
vulnerable positions when he as
president does not want to take basic
that's a very good point and even he was
roasted a past Snoop Dogg's did a roast
of him and he sat through that I mean
apparently Barack Obama President Obama
roasting him you know cost him to want
to run for president but here is that
that bite that we were just talking
about Michelle wolf dinging the media
you guys are obsessed with Trump did you
use to date him because you pretend like
you hate him but I think you love him I
think what no one in this room wants to
admit is that Trump has helped all of
you he couldn't so steaks or vodka or
water or college or ties or Eric but he
has helped you
he's helped you sell your papers and
your books and your TV you helped create
this monster and now you're profiting
off of him
I mean first Tiffany and then Dana that
is I mean it's hard to argue against
that isn't it absolutely when you look
back at 2016 this president got the most
coverage and he still wins about it he
still complains about it but it was a
24-hour Trump cable network and I don't
believe that the cable networks were
celebratory of him by any means but he
was a circus act he was a car accident
that you couldn't look away from and
that is how they elevated this man to
the highest office of the land because
at that time I think many of the
executives cared more about ratings and
they did about presenting actual facts
and showing a more bipartisan approach
to the important issues that were
surrounding the presidential election
and certainly he has been a very good
help to people who've written books and
like she said to help sell papers and
give
cable network news I've spiking their
ratings so I think she hit that nail on
the head and I think this proves the
point that she was an equal opportunity
offender she talked about the the
president's administration she talks
about the press she talks about
Democrats and you didn't you don't see
members of the media this morning's
weeding about how unfair she was or how
inappropriate her remarks were they they
took it on the chin and and and you know
set through the response and I thought
she hit some poignant points so kudos to
her yeah absolutely I was really quickly
Dana because the codependence of Trump
in the media is just a very real thing
it's not even a joke it's absolutely
outrageous and yes we in the media
created Donald Trump and he sustains us
he is unbroken our business model he
read the media environment perfectly in
terms of social media cable news how to
to beat us how to get out there and he
played it brilliantly and he continues
to yeah indeed yes joke may have been
about the media yeah yeah but indeed I'm
keeping all of these great guests
they're all gonna be back and coming up
Saturday night was right for fighting
Trump versus call me next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
