good morning and welcome to am joy a
community that I support and that I
deeply care about is hurting because of
some despicable and truly offensive
posts being attributed to me many of you
have seen these blog posts circulating
online and in social media
many of them are homophobic
discriminatory and outright weird and
hateful when a friend found them in
December and sent them to me I was
stunned frankly I couldn't imagine where
they'd come from or whose voice that was
in the months since I've spent a lot of
time trying to make sense of these posts
I hired cyber security experts to see if
somebody had manipulated my words or my
former blog and the reality is they have
not been able to prove it but here's
what I know I genuinely do not believe I
wrote those hateful things because they
are completely alien to me but I can
definitely understand based on things I
have tweeted and have written in the
past why some people don't believe me
I've not been exempt from being dumb or
cruel or hurtful to the very people I
want to advocate for I own that I get it
and for that I am truly truly sorry I
had a conversation the other day with a
friend who's also an advocate in the
LGBTQ community in Florida who rightly
took me to task for my tweets mocking
and Coulter using trans gender
stereotypes I apologized to my friend
and I want to apologize to the trans
community and to an those tweets were
wrong and horrible I look back today at
some of the ways I've talked casually
about people and gender identity and
sexual orientation and I wonder who that
even was but the reality is that like a
lot of people in this country that
person was me I grew up in a household
that like many in America had
conservative views on LGBTQ issues I had
friends some of my closest friends in
fact growing up who I later learned were
gay and who had kept it secret from me
and from everyone else we were close to
because they didn't know what we would
say or if we would still be friends or
whether we would look at them
differently I can remember a friend of
mine my freshman year in college telling
me he was gay and my
knee-jerk reaction being that it was so
disappointing to the women he could have
married he was so hurt he didn't speak
to me for months I'm heartbroken that I
didn't do better back then knowing so
many great people in the LGBTQ community
including amazing friends and
journalists and producers and political
operatives and great dads and moms and
advocates and just regular people and
knowing how hard it must have been for
so many of them to come out to their
families to their friends to just walk
around in the world especially for trans
people and I feel like I should have
known better than to ever write or tweet
in a way that could make fun of or make
light of or make light of that pain and
that experience even a decade ago when
the country was in a very different
place but I cannot take any of that back
I can only say that the person I am now
is not the person I was then I like to
think I've gotten better as a person
over time that I'm still growing that
I'm not the same person I was ten or
five or even one year ago and I know
that my goal is to try to be a better
person and a better Ally now the reality
is I have to own the things that I've
written and tweeted and said and I'm
hoping out of all of this there's an
opportunity to talk about the ways in
which hurtful speech really does imperil
marginal marginalized communities these
issues matter not just theoretically but
because we're talking about our friends
our kids our co-workers people who
deserve better than what I have
sometimes given them and with that I
want to introduce our panel joining me
now is Jonathan Capehart opinion
columnist for The Washington Post Diego
Sanchez director of advocacy policy and
partnerships at PFLAG an organization
for families and the allies of the LGBT
community
chase strand geo staff attorney at the
ACL u--'s LGBTQ and HIV project and Zeke
Stokes vice president of programs for
GLAAD and Sarah Scanlon who worked on
LGBT outreach for the Bernie Sanders
2016 campaign and I want to thank all of
you for being here today you know I
wanted to try to take this thing and try
to make something positive out of it and
so you know and I you know I said to you
guys before
feel free to grill me you have
absolutely the right to do that but I
want to also talk about the ways in
which you know some of the things even
that I have said and done really do land
on and impact people in the real world I
want to start with the Ann Coulter stuff
which was dumb and you know tweeting
about her she's obviously a woman you
know treating a tweet tweeting about her
in a way that sort of mocks the trans
eyed trans identity tell me you know
just how does that how does that end up
landing in the real world for people
that are experiencing this in their real
lives I think this conversation is
critical because the impact of our
language is something that is we're all
experiencing all the time and the work
that we have to do is ongoing
and so for for me as a trans person
reading those tweets about and and
knowing that it was a long time ago but
that's the reality that we're living in
right now using anti trans trans
antagonistic language is part of the
cultural discourse that we hear all the
time and it contributes to the trauma in
the trans community it contributes to
the high rates of violence and all of
the discrimination that that trans
people experience and none of us are
immune from that whether we're trans
whether we're LGBTQ and so what I want
us to really gain from this dialogue is
that the work of unpacking the
internalization of anti-black language
anti-lgbt language is lifelong work work
that we have to really do and
participate in every day and that's what
I hope that we we all learn from this
yeah and Sarah you know you're the
disadvantage because you're not at the
table with us I wish that you were here
but I know that you you're in Arkansas
and we you and I met on the phone for
the first time this week and we talked
about you know the sort of reality that
you're living living in you know deep in
red America living with you and your
wife and your in your and your child and
just trying to live your life can you
just you know talk a little bit about in
your lived experience how the things
people say end up landing on you and on
your on your on your kid on your child
so here's the reality in
I grew up in Arkansas and and it wasn't
until I actually moved away from
Arkansas that I was comfortable in my
own skin and I was actually able to
identify as a lesbian without any
question or qualms or fear but growing
up in this state I applied the kids than
the students now who are expressing
themselves and in their in their real
lives and challenging what I was afraid
of when I was growing up in the state
and the and my daughter who is in first
grade and is is going to be experiencing
life with two mothers is I mean that the
things that I worry about our daily
impacted by the words that we hear both
broadcast over the television and on
radio and within conversations that are
not intentionally aggressive but are
actually very micro aggressive in their
words without you know people don't even
realize what they're saying at times
yeah and I think that that that impact
on her is the thing that I am most
afraid of I think when you get out into
the states and you start talking to
people there are a number of people who
like myself once the elections took
place really did investigate what it
would take to live somewhere else
instead of in America because we are we
are afraid at times that those rights
and benefits that we've been given by
legislation can be rolled back and we're
sitting on the cusp in an environment
where it's going to be okay for that to
happen and I think that is the main
problem that we face on a daily basis
you know is that that fear that what we
have can be taken away at a moment's
notice
yeah and I'm gonna come to you on this
John I'm still calling you a newlywed i
I know it's not new newly but but there
is that thing I mean you we've seen this
incredible trajectory right you go from
you know the first defensive Marriage
Act is signed in 1986 where Clinton sort
of have to do it because he had made
certain promises to the LGBTQ
communities that I'm gonna put in a
prominent member of my cabinet I'm gonna
do these things on on DOMA I mean do
these things on
you know serving in the military that
doesn't work out he winds up signing
defensive Marriage Act
you have civil unions legalized in
Vermont in 2000 which causes this huge
uproar Massachusetts legalized the same
sex marriage in 2003 and then by 2004
you have these constitutional amendments
rolling out in 11 states which actually
helps George W Bush I remember I was
working campaign politics and we watch
those amendments sink you know the
Democratic candidate and then you go
right to prop 8 and 8 alongside
President Obama getting elected but then
by 2009 you're seeing more marriage I
mean it feels like it was a very slow
climb and then a very Swift climb it
talked just about whether or not there's
a feeling that that all is rolling
backwards or where are we well on
marriage it's not rolling backwards
because of the the Supreme Court of the
United States said that same-sex
marriage is legal and it's protected by
the Constitution I think what we saw in
that that sort of diary of progress that
you just showed was that it wasn't just
that the laws changed society changed
yeah the beauty of what you did at the
at the open was put into context where
society was that chronology just shut
you just showed shows where society was
I wouldn't even be talking to my own
mother if she had not evolved people
thought one way they got information
people came out people told their
stories people made it personal people
made it clear that that their neighbors
and co-workers and the the shopkeeper
and all the people they depend on in
their lives some of them for LGBT only a
stone cold heart could not change
joy when this happened I was hurt but
not by anything that was attributed to
you I was hurt because the joy I know
and have known for probably more than
ten years certainly before all of this
stuff is not the joy that I know the joy
that I know is someone who stands by me
personally stands by me and my husband
stands by me and my community I don't
know a better place for me to be right
now than to sit in the chair next to you
when things like this happened we always
tend to focus on the person who is
bearing the brunt of the criticism and
and the brunt of the controversy and the
reason why people tune into this show
and the reason why people trust you is
because you realize that this is not
about you this is about people who are
impacted by the words that are being
attributed to you and I think it it was
incredibly important for us to remember
that people change times change and
there are a lot of people sitting out
there watching who might be tuning in
because they want it's like the Coliseum
for them and they want to see you visser
ated but for those who have not evolved
for those who have not changed for those
who are waiting for for you to crumble
and for everyone to rain down
condemnation on you good luck with that
change your hearts evolve just like the
rest of the country but also I think
Donathan to your point like none of us
are heroes and none of us are perfect
right I think exactly to hold the
reality that we can't be looking for
people that we love to be our heroes and
be perfect we are all flawed and the
trauma of our mistakes hurts other
people and we have to own that and the
reality is that evolution is what we
should strive for but we should also not
be trying to look for perfect human
heroes because they do not exist and we
have to hold the complexity and the pain
and the
that we all carry in the world yeah and
I think we have to we have to recognize
this for what it is you know this is a
part of the new political and cultural
landscape in this country it's
search-and-destroy and this is part of a
concerted effort by people who do want
to roll back our our progress to take
down voices that are powerful that are
our allies and you know when we look at
what's happening in Washington DC we
talked about this list of progress
that's that that we've experienced for
the last decade or so this
administration that has attacked our
community set more than 70 times since
Donald Trump took the oath of office in
ways that amount to the trans military
man taking us off the census and much
more sinister ways like sending a clear
message to business owners that it's
okay to discriminate so I think we have
to recognize this for what it is and
recognize that as a progressive
community we have to remain with our
arms locked because that's the only way
we move forward together and we need to
reward people for taking that journey
toward acceptance because that's what it
is and you mom you're modeling that for
the country right well I appreciate that
I just really do I'm people wouldn't
even take it I want to say I think
conversation is a luxury I think that
our ability to be in this room right now
is a luxury that is more important than
anything in terms of the day to day
lives
there's so many kids in in LGBTQ
families that we hear from when the
phone rings of PFLAG
it's family in distress it's not a
family asking for where's my words to
restore yes I cannot walk in safely and
I just want to say that
this conversation is on luxury the fact
that we can discuss our community and
all these other things is so key because
it's where we go what we need to be no
junk and I work in it for so long and
will always do so yeah as you do well
I'm the P and the assets just like as
parents and friends right and so it's
you know what what do I you know I I
know so many people who have you know
come out to families who you know are in
the red America and conservative States
have had to navigate the religious
aspect of it I mean you know my mother
was a liberal but on the issue of
marriage she was not you know I mean we
grow up with these sort of attitudes
that are very difficult to change but I
can remember of an old and elderly
family I won't name who she is who
literally turned on a dime because
Barack Obama did and she seen him on the
Sun and so it was that's all it took
right all the arguing in the world
didn't work that that's that's how my
mother changed yeah that's how my mother
changed we were at Mother's Day brunch
it was that because he had that
interview with Robin Roberts yes yeah or
no way yeah where he had nasty was so
formed marriage equality and so I asked
my mother who is a born-again Christian
by the way and I asked her so what do
you make of what President Obama did and
I explained to her and she said oh I
think I'm with the president the
president it's unfair and then my mother
argued back to me all these things that
I had wanted to hear for a long time how
it was unfair for family members to just
swoop in and take things away from a
couple that's been together how they
should be protected by law yeah that was
the power of one man yeah to be able to
do that all the people who fought and
died to prove to Barack Obama so exactly
yes it's the queer and trans and LGBTQ
people who for decades put their lives
their stories on the line who moved
Barack Obama who then moved so many
people and so it's it's making sure we
lift up both sides of that so important
that we honor the journey that your
mother took my mother took the same
journey I'm from South Carolina another
red state and my family took that
journey a lot of families are still
taking that journey in this country as
it relates to the L and the G but also
the B and the T communities and we have
a long way to go in those two areas and
I think it's so important that we have
teachable moments like this to show
people that it's ok to go from A to B
right and that we're not going to rain
down on you as as Jonathan said for
taking the journey and getting to where
we want you to be you shouldn't be
punished for that yeah and I want to
bring Sarah because Sarah we were
introduced by a mutual friend who you
know was a part of you getting the
Sanders campaign to you know to come to
the table on issues of HIV HIV AIDS yeah
and and and it's it's interesting
because we still do have to have those
sort of proactive conversations even our
politics even on the left absolutely and
the thing about the thing that I
actually want to bring up and say is
that you know we identify our I identify
as a progressive and for me that means
that we actually have to make progress
and and to be a progressive we actually
have to have these conversations I was I
was I guess a little more lucky than
others when I came out to my parents my
mother basically said oh honey we've
known that for years it was it was new
to me that they didn't understood that
they knew who I was and I didn't right
but the thing that actually that we have
to actually start recognizing and
changing is that while we have had
growth in issues across the board right
I do now get to call my wife my wife we
are married we got married twice once in
California and once in Arkansas when it
became legal
I do call myself mother because I'm
lucky enough to have a daughter who
whose name who my name is on her birth
certificate so that's an amazing feat in
the South but I actually want to speak
up and say that yesterday there was a
murder trial in Austin Texas where a man
was convicted of criminally negligent
homicide as opposed to murder he had
stabbed his victim twice and he ended up
having to pay $11,000 in restitution and
served six months in jail because he
used what is called the gay scare or
they are the transgenic offense yeah
gay panic defense right we have to fix
48 states in this country there are only
two states that say that that is not a
viable defense 48 states say that that
is a viable a viable defense that's a
big problem and until we fix things like
that we actually are not progressing
yeah and I think those are the things
that we have to do this conversation is
actually going a long way but I actually
want to I want to point out and say that
while we I adore you I I forgive you for
myself but we still have a lot of work
in the in the world in the community to
say that yeah we as individuals can
absolutely accept your apology and think
you're you know appreciate the fact that
you actually have the courage to step up
and do it well we can't speak for the
entire community
no absolutely that's the important and
and I think that's important and that
you know as much as I love you guys and
I love you know thank you guys love me I
have to recognize on part of the problem
right I have to recognize that as
somebody who sees myself as an ally you
have to act like one and you and I'm an
adult you know what I mean and that if
you're speaking in a way that is hurting
people that's real and it's hurting real
live human beings my friend my Jonathan
you know I mean it just it that is what
it's so painful about this whole thing
I'm greedy so I'm keeping everyone we
were gonna change the panel's but no I
mean like I'm making you all stay there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
