right now our party has simply become it
seems an apologist for certain actions
of the President to when we shouldn't be
on the second level of politically it's
just not smart for us as Republicans I
mean we saw what happened with a midterm
election in Arizona
I'm sorry the special election leading
up to the midterms there is no way to
spin that then we're in trouble here
again the kind of talk even by a
Republican who's retiring and doesn't
have to worry about it that does get
your attention
Republicans pulled off a victory yes in
this week's special election in the
Arizona 8th congressional district but
the margin of victory has some
Republicans like their Senator Jeff
Flake admitting there's trouble on the
horizon Republican Debbie Lesko won by a
five-point margin but as our NBC news
political team points out it's a
district that quote President Trump
carried by 21 points in 2016 and which
Mitt Romney won by 25 points in 2012
David Wasserman of the cook Political
Report also got our attention this week
when he wrote on Twitter quote there are
147 GOP held House seats less Republican
than Arizona Oh 8 it's time to start
rethinking how many of those are truly
safe in November so we thought long and
hard and we could only come up with one
name the one man we wanted on this
broadcast to address this for us and
that's longtime Republican strategist
Mike Murphy who worked with John McCain
in addition to another a number of other
GOP candidates including but not limited
to Jeb Bush Mitt Romney he happens to be
a senior fellow at Harvard University's
Belfer Center for Science and
International Affairs so Mike this this
tweet by mr. Wasserman just got in our
heads and rattled around all week when
you put it this way 147 GOP held House
seats less Republican remind our viewers
how many the Democrats have to pick up
to flip the house well depending cuz
there can always be another special
election or something between now and
you know actual Election Day in November
but and you never want to have it by one
seat consent she can rebut you know they
get to the high 20s or 30 pounds like 32
33 seats I haven't looked at it exactly
but let's put it this way they are
really truly in striking distance I mean
you know we can declare victory that we
won in Arizona 8 but it's a point spread
system kind of like football and what
happened there was the equivalent of the
New England Patriots beating a good high
school team by only one touchdown so
yeah we won but the very fact that game
was that close in such an unbalanced
district as you say that has a hundred
and fifty more districts that are more
Republican in front of it that's up deep
in the Republican world this was and you
know you could discount this if it was
the only special election to win
sideways but the pattern has been
democratic over performance since Donald
Trump's been inaugurated just about
across the board so that's about as
plain as it gets that we have a real
political challenge here in the party I
know you brought up the Patriots in the
same week our Giants made a rare great
draft selection but there's time for
that discussion later anyway this the
classic disconnect which I know you talk
about a lot between mainstream media on
the coasts and actual Americans the the
media assume rank-and-file Republicans
are panicked and abandoning the
president what is your experience in
actual America well I think Donald Trump
is in a cul-de-sac politically which is
he has a good grip on Republican primary
voters who aren't the same as all people
who identify themselves as Republicans
but they're the biggest activists and
most polls show he has around 80 percent
four out of five support of real
Republican primary voters so here's the
problem
if you're in the Republican Congress and
even in a tilt Republican district the
independents are against Trump you're
taking that heat the Democrats are wild
against Trump they're all you know very
very intense so you kind of got all
Trump's enemies and his friends alone
aren't enough to win so these guys are
caught in are in a real vise and so it's
hard for them to attack Trump because
the Nominating electric that picks him
the Republican primary vote by four or
five to one light Trump but everybody
else doesn't now I do believe that those
Trump numbers if we lose the house or
even god forbid lose the Senate and the
house could change in the nineteen a
really turn Republican politics
upside-down but today the base is
staying with Trump even though the
political cost is rising so that's
important you fear that a flip could be
something for keeps and that means one
to two to three cycles yeah well no I I
think that if if there's a flip and the
laws of politics flip and speaker Pelosi
or whoever it might be is making policy
then the guy whose brand is built on
win-win-win we're never gonna stop
winning is gonna be the guy who had the
biggest Republican loss in a long time
and that might start changing minds in
the party because even though he's at
seventy five eighty percent favorable
normally you're 90 plus you still got
one out of five Republicans who don't
like him now it's enough to control the
party but we're seeing how losing works
now you know elections a while away this
Korea summit will be full of good optics
I'm not sure there'd be any good policy
outcome but it'll get tremendous media
the very fact that you know nobody stabs
anybody with a forked dinner will be
portrayed as a huge victory so the
president if he's smart can get a bump
out of this but I don't know if it's
enough to help all the other problems he
has we're just gonna have to wait and
see
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
