good evening tonight from Tallinn we're
here in this tiny Baltic city near the
Russian border to cover large-scale war
games that NATO has been holding its
practice on how to defend against a
massive cyber attack launched by a
fictitious country that seems a lot like
Russia so NATO is preparing but today
Republican members of the House
Intelligence Committee gave President
Trump a pass when it comes to Russia
they said they found no evidence of
collusion between trumps 2016
presidential campaign and the Kremlin
which brings us to that scoop Rachel was
talking about our investigation has
uncovered new information that suggests
the Russian lawyer at the Trump Tower
meeting the meeting where Trump campaign
officials thought they'd be getting dirt
on Hillary Clinton was far more
connected to the Russian government than
she'd acknowledged before in fact in our
interview she called herself an
informant for a Russian government
agency she had previously told a Senate
committee that she operates
independently of any governmental bodies
for almost a year Natalia Visan it's
kaya has been sticking to the story
confidently declaring that she has
nothing to hide eloquent charming and
guarded she was happy to give us an
interview but asked her staff to record
it no Amelia you see that piece here in
Qatar we agreed to the recording and
asked her the key questions what was she
doing it Trump Towers about what
objective were you pursuing and on whose
behalf were you pursuing that objective
lobster Nova amia Koch Ilario cattleman
if you're not a historian
are you saying you're acting as a
concerned citizen Donna Masucci I was
too / Navy another the issues she was
concerned about were American sanctions
which she says are
based on lies and false reporting she
wanted them lifted Donald Trump jr.
described the meeting as a waste of time
that's not what it looked like to a
seasoned intelligence professional in
intelligence parlance we look at these
kind of relationships almost akin to no
courtship John cipher is a 28-year
veteran of the CIA and of spy games with
Russia
he says the content of the meeting is
less important than the fact that it
took place at all the meeting was billed
in an email to Donald Trump jr. as a
meeting with a Russian government lawyer
who had the information that would
incriminate Hillary the fact that he
responded positively would have been a
signal to Russians that hey there's a
green light here let's take the next
step however you can't come up that next
step with the full goods for fear that
in the meantime the Trump campaign would
have talked to their lawyers their
security people and maybe even informed
the FBI which is why cipher says they
sent in a lawyer instead of a spy it's
all part of the slow dance of seduction
that would be typically says of
developing a covert relationship her
role would have been all along about
deniability she merely had to show up at
that meeting and report back to Russia
which brings us to the bigger question
how deep our vessel nakaya's ties with
the Russian State for starters court
documents show she was doing legal work
for Russia's Intelligence Agency the FSB
how did you get picked to resume you
work representing the FSB at all younger
paternal in serious Affairs bear a very
stable interest Huesca which eyes -
kotora here - Shinya value net machine
as well so to be clear you were working
for a military unit that has ties to the
FSB imago boy yes cuz I'm sure if you're
a private lawyer or private business
person in Russia people they understand
very well what it means to deal with the
state there's there's corruption there's
danger but there's also potentially
large money and lucrative contacts to be
had
and vessel miss kaya has lucrative
contacts she is widely referred to as a
legal fixer for pyotr katz eve a former
official and powerful russian
businessman when american prosecutors
took legal action against a company
owned by katz Eve's son
she went to new york she was essentially
a shadow counsel for one of the
defendants in that case jamie nowaday
was one of the prosecutors on the case
what is a shadow counsel mean she's not
licensed to practice here in New York so
she couldn't argue in court on behalf of
her client but she nevertheless filed
declarations in court she was clearly a
driver of the legal defense to in 2013
the US government confiscated several
properties in Manhattan which it argued
were purchased with the loot from one of
the most notorious crimes ever committed
in Russia this case was unusual because
we have this massive tax fraud but this
tax fraud is then connected to the
imprisonment torture and murder of
Sergey Magnitsky lawyer who is
investigating the fraud and its cover-up
Magnitsky the lawyer who exposed the 230
million dollar fraud accused some of
Russia's most powerful officials are
being involved they threw him in jail
and after 358 days in prison he died in
excruciating pain on November 16 2009
Magnitsky became a symbol in 2012
Congress passed the Magnitsky Act which
placed personal sanctions on the corrupt
Russians he named including some of
Vladimir Putin's closest associates
nowadays team believed some of the dirty
money was used to buy condo units in New
York the US Department of Justice puts
out a request to Russia asking for bank
records incorporation records because
the underlying fraud involved the theft
of corporate identities how did the
Russian authorities respond essentially
they responded by saying that the US
government's allegations were without
merit and they would not be providing
the
were you surprised by that response well
yes because it's not the job of the
foreign government to reinvestigate and
come to its own conclusion about the
merits of the government's case the
Russian government has always angrily
denied Magnitsky's allegations of fraud
and corruption but what American
prosecutors didn't know in 2014 was the
role vessel it's kiya may have played in
crafting the official Russian response
what I wanted to ask you about are these
emails if you could take a look at them
the documents are said to be emails
exchanged between vessel nets kya and an
official at the Russian prosecutor
general's office in them she appears to
review and edit the Russian response to
the American request for information
NBC cannot confirm the authenticity of
the emails but changes suggested in them
ended up in the official document that
was sent back to the US Department of
Justice so my question is what were you
discussing in these emails and with whom
yeah but you're a DJ at the faction my
apt Pisgah are you saying that they were
obtained illegally or are you saying
that they are false yeah and your mom
was great don't you dare go yet it
suggests you were dictating to the
prosecutor's office how they should
respond to the US Justice Department
which is not the case then you prefer
okok with the Virginia sir Russia we are
machine Americans a vignette my host Ron
don't shoot him with the key as I do me
of keeper mr. savage subscribe are
you meaning me at this point vessel miss
kiya started listing off names of
Americans officials journalists and
private citizens whom she suspected were
behind the leak but we got the emails
from a Russian team who said they were
sent anonymously how did you get these
documents honest yeast project
Katarina's widespread this year which
the way Eric couture
would ludicrous allez-vous anonymity
rimia satis to inform answer Mikhail
Khodorkovsky was the richest man in
Russia until Putin took most of his
fortune and threw him in jail when he
got out he left the country and made it
his business to fight the Russian
government he's confident the emails
came from vessel it's kaya's account
he's genuine and if so why do you think
that a maypole against to document a
poodle named oops material limited an
American citizen II put snoopin image to
obsess especially Snitsky and yep Sharon
yes
a witch named advocate and yep share of
social area come we also showed the
emails to nowaday the former government
lawyer the underlining is in addition
the strikeout is obviously a deletion
you can see on paper the dialogue that
we're going back and forth I was shocked
to see them I cannot emphasize enough
how profoundly troubling and
inappropriate those communications are
why well it suggests that the process
certainly in this case was rigged I mean
she was going behind the scenes and
having communications with the Russian
prosecutors about the nature of their
response to the US Department of Justice
she's telling the Russian government
what to tell you which helps her client
and then after the response comes back
to the United States she uses the
language of that response to advantage
her client so this suggests a degree of
collusion that you did not anticipate
absolutely I mean there's complete
behind the scenes pulling the strings
interference is it illegal or unethical
or both it certainly raises very serious
questions about obstruction of justice
it raises very serious questions about
false statements to the US Court you
said that you never tried to dictate the
case that the Russian prosecutor was was
giving if
did and that's what these documents
suggest would that be an obstruction of
justice would you like us to write so
much if you were trying to do is a
stable procurator OCD no next ad hoc Rio
Segundo Segundo Richard I just do it was
in China but Cameron vests on its sky is
said her accounts had been hacked and
she recognized some of the details in
the printouts we handed to her this no
giving she is Michael brushing the
boulevard no is my ex proud cut during a
period of all but what you can't it had
this back-and-forth dialogue I'm trying
to find out in this case whether you
were cooperating or colluding with the
Russian state which raises questions
about your background particularly in
life that you were in in the Trump Tower
with the wig that's what this is all
about these questions is because we mean
Anna's away with the most senior people
who are now in our government yeah that
is sure us Alicia me a socialist should
have more Kakui was privy to that you
could do even upon yet you said your
relationship with the prosecutor general
is what yeah every day's a debacle at
them yeah even those in for tomorrow so
this is not somebody who is separated
from state power
she's a very savvy operator and has a
level of comfort that what she's doing
is in line with what the Kremlin wants
done what the Kremlin wants is to get
the sanctions lifted which is what
resonates kya talked about with the
Trump team that fact together with the
suggestion that she had dirt on Hillary
Clinton should cipher says have caused
the Trump team to ring the alarm bells
that's simply showing a willingness to
collude that if not against the law it's
unethical immoral and and certainly
unpatriotic
vessel nets kya still insists
emphatically that she doesn't work for
the Russian
government or intelligence services but
she appears to have extraordinary access
to the upper ranks of the Russian state
as the ex CIA officer we spoke to said
it's all about deniability so it seems
is Russia's use of mercenaries in Syria
stay with us for more on that after the
break plus congressman jim Himes on
putin's goals vladimir putin's whole
thing is about deniability projecting
force messing around in areas where when
things go wrong he can just say these
folks had nothing to do with me hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
