joining our conversation it's Democratic
congressman Eric swallow a member of the
House and tell me inside where your
committee was when its work was abruptly
halted and the parade thrown for the
president saying nothing to see here
good afternoon Nicole we from the very
beginning wanted to make this a
bipartisan investigation we knew that
the stakes were too high and we had too
many witnesses when they wanted to close
this investigation that were outstanding
who we had not heard from too many
documents that we wanted to subpoena and
obtain bank records phone records travel
records he had so many questions from
witnesses who were not credible and we
wanted to be able to test them and
corroborate or contradict what they had
said so to close the investigation and
write such an inaccurate incomplete and
irresponsibly premature reports does
nothing to protect us as we go into the
ballot box as we go to the ballot boxes
at this November so a little bird told
me that footnote 72 and your report is
another data point about Natalia vessel
Metz kaya who NBC's own Richard Engel
has an exclusive interview with tonight
where she reveals and basically retracts
her testimony before the Senate
Judiciary Committee she admits that she
is an informant and an agent with close
ties to the Kremlin how can on the same
day that that information is first made
public how can your committee wrap up
its work you know Nicole if anyone was
going to give sergey keys lyac
competition for Employee of the Year for
the Russian government it was Natalia
vessel net skya she was all over the
world working on behalf of the Russian
government
footnote 72 in the Minority Report
refers to congressman Dana Rohrabacher
in 2016 during the campaign being over
in Russia and what do you know he runs
in without planning to see her natalia
vessel nets kiya
we also learned of other occasions when
congressman Rohrabacher was travelling
in other parts of the world where he
would just bump into natalia vessel nets
kya she's a spy Donald Trump jr.
June 9th meeting at Trump Tower met what
they spy and he told the team that
brought him the information I love it
and it would be better if we could
disseminate what you're trying to give
to me right before the election they
knew exactly what they were doing they
were willing and eager to work with the
Russians and for today for us to finally
learn that she is a spy I think shows
just how irresponsible it was to close
our investigation and I'm Jeremy Peters
in the New York Times reminds me that
Steve Bannon has some pretty colorful
descriptions in the book fire and fury
about what he believed on junior to have
done with whatever he learned in that
meeting as it relates to his father and
forming him bringing him into the loop I
think the book suggests that he may have
even brought the participants up to the
president's office to meet with him NBC
News has not reported that as a news
organization but you wanted to get to
the bottom of whether the president had
knowledge through another avenue and
those subpoenas were not permitted take
us through that it's something your
colleague Adam Schiff has talked about
today as well the president's knowledge
as to the June 9 2016 meeting at Trump
Tower with the Russians is so important
and here's what we know we know that the
president was in the building we know
that the people who had asked for the
meeting were close friends with the
president who were in constant
communication with Donald Trump they
were sending gifts back and forth to
each other so they're important people
to Donald Trump we know that the that
candidate Trump was just one floor above
where this meeting took place we also
know that Ivanka Trump was present when
the meeting took place but we know that
when the meeting was being set up Donald
Trump jr. talked to emaan Aguila Roth
had a phone call and then made a phone
call right after that to a blocked
number and then he calls Eman a gala
robbed right back to a Bach number and
so we know that this block number may
very well be donald trump's because
other witnesses told us that donald
trump would use a block number to make
some of his calls all we asked of the
republicans was to allow us to subpoena
the cell phone records for Donald Trump
jr. to see if you could link Donald
Trump jr. to his father as he's talking
back and forth with the egala Ross they
were unwilling to do that I think they
didn't want to know what the answer was
well what would this
because of the answer breed as I close
the circle and prove that the president
was involved in had knowledge of the
generous offer on behalf of the Russians
to give dirt to the Trump campaign about
their opponent it would be very powerful
circumstantial evidence when you look at
the time logs where he's talking to he
in the email exchange Donald Trump jr.
tells em and you know let's talk on the
phone they talk on the phone then Donald
Trump jr. calls a blocked number and
then he calls em and right back to me as
a former prosecutor that looks like he
may very well have been trying to call
his father to talk to his father about
taking this meeting with the egala ROVs
who were friends with Donald Trump so it
would blow up the whole story that
Donald Trump the candidate had no idea
that this meeting took place which again
to me is ludicrous considering he was in
the building he was close with the
family that asked for the meeting and
that he had an interest in getting dirt
on Hillary Clinton and that he had been
intimating during the time that the
meeting was taking place that there
would be new information coming out
about Hillary Clinton so that's a
missing piece that we really could have
cleared up for the American people do
you have a scale of 1 to 10 what is your
degree of concern that your Committee
Chairman Devin Nunez is simply running
an operation
fueled by or giving fuel to sean hannity
and the folks at foxnews to inflame a
flawed view of the FBI and the special
counsel and to simply serve as political
cover for the president who if what you
just described is a viable fact pattern
I have to imagine Bob Muller too would
want to know who Don jr. was receiving
calls from on a block number and you
have to assume that a special counsel
would would have greater subpoena power
than a Republican run Intel committee I
mean do you have the sense that you were
getting close to something and that's
why the president's Ally shut down the
investigation and declared the president
innocent way before all the facts were
underground
yeah Nicole on the question of how close
was Devin Nunez working with the White
House throughout this investigation on a
scale of one to ten it goes to 11 it was
that concerning that every time we made
progress we saw obstruction from the
chairman and we there were a number
are another a number of other pieces of
evidence that we had unearthed that if
we could just subpoena bank records or
phone logs or travel logs we could have
tested a lot of the answers that we were
receiving from some of these witnesses
and there's a lot of witnesses we wanted
to call in like Natalia vessel nets kiya
who the Republicans refused to allow to
come in if we were to continue our
investigation so you know chairman Nunez
he acted as Donald Trump's Michael Cohen
in Congress he was a fixer for this
investigation it's really sad to say
that because this committee had always
worked in such a bipartisan way but as
soon as James Comey said that the
president's campaign was under criminal
and counterintelligence investigation
Deven Innes went to work to protect the
president not the democracy who we were
all charged with working for hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
