I'm obsessed with president Trump's
obsession with the past especially when
things are awry in his news conference
with the German Chancellor Angela Merkel
today the discussion turned to achieving
peace at North Korea I think I have a
responsibility I think other presidents
should have done it remember that last
guy he should have done it where have I
heard that before I didn't want to do
this I would have been very happy had
Obama been a great president I'm angry
at our president for being a grossly
incompetent president perhaps the worst
president of the history of the United
States the one hell of a lousy President
George Bush gave us Obama I'm not
blaming George Bush if it weren't for
George Bush we wouldn't have Barack
Obama incompetent president and
incompetent the worst president is an
incompetent president I'm not blaming
anybody I could also blame Clinton we
have leadership with the worst level
leadership is so bad Bill Clinton by the
way Bill Clinton I only think George
Bush was a good man he just somehow
didn't seem to have the energy level I
really believe he just ran out of steam
so we can blame Bush we can blame
everybody well let's see what the next
president says once President Trump
becomes one of the other presidents hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
