everybody stand by we see the president
in the Oval Office with Angela Merkel
they like you thank you very much it's a
great honor to have Chancellor Merkel
and I will say that you can rest assured
she was going to win that election and
congratulations on winning and by the
way can a formal congratulations that is
a great victory we're working on a lot
of different subjects including trade
including NATO including military of all
types and we have a really great
relationship and we actually have had a
great relationship right from the
beginning but some people didn't
understand that but we understand it and
that's what's important but very
extraordinary woman and it's an honor to
have you at the White House thank you
very much other Anderson congressmen
offered in M funk on moonshot servidio
by the legumes panna cotta basket award
away as fast mechanically as s in the
zoo also have all of us here not
watching you to comment on sources are
my bed sofa teeth no deformity of
dickish paper thank you very much thank
you very much for this very warm
reception and also for the words of
congratulation you know if we took some
time to build the government and that is
certainly true but I thought it was very
important on this first visit outside of
Europe to come to the United States to
come to Washington in order to yet again
underline that we wish to deepen our
relationship further and I hope and
trust and I'm very much looking forward
to the very good old said I trust we
will have today
yeah we were honored there was a great
rapport no collusion which I knew anyway
no coordination no nothing it's a witch
hunt that's all it is there was no
collusion with Russia if you can believe
this one there was she probably can't
believe it who can but the report was
very powerful very strong there was no
collusion between the Trump campaign and
the Russian people as I've said many
times before I've always said there was
no collusion but I've also said there
has been nobody tougher on Russia than
me with that all being said if we can
get along with Russia that's a good
thing not a bad thing but there has been
nobody tougher on Russia than me I was
very honored by the report it was
totally conclusive strong powerful many
things said that nobody knew about and
said in a very strong way they were very
forceful in saying that the Clinton
campaign actually did contribute to
Russia so maybe somebody ought to look
at that but what we really should do is
get on with our lives and get on with a
lot of things we have a lot of great
things happening including potentially
with North Korea angle as you see a lot
of very positive things happened over
the last 24 hours
we're in total touch with both North
Korea and South Korea we'll be setting
up a meeting very shortly we have we
have it broken down to probably two
sites now two or three sites locations
and hopefully we're gonna have great
success we'll see what happens but
hopefully we're gonna have great success
so president moon and I are speaking and
we're speaking very much with South
Korea and with North Korea the
relationships are building and building
strongly and this will be a great thing
for the world this will be a great thing
for Germany but this will be a great
thing for the world Angela and I have
discussed this over the period of the
last 15 months quite a bit North Korea
the North Korean problem and I think
you're seeing that a lot of very
positive things are happening
mr. president I don't know I think we'll
be talking about Iran probably but I
don't necessarily expect it one way the
other I know we're going to have a very
good discussion on around as I did with
Emmanuelle was just left the president
of France so we'll be having discussions
on Iran will be having discussions on
trade will be having various discussions
I don't think he's playing no I don't
think he's playing and and you know it's
never gone like this it's never gone
this far I don't think it's ever had
this enthusiasm for somebody for them
wanting to make a deal and yeah I agree
the United States has been played
beautifully like a fiddle because you
had a different kind of a leader we're
not gonna be played okay
we're gonna hopefully make a deal if we
don't that's fine the United States in
the past was played like a fiddle money
going in and nobody knew what was
happening the day after an arrangement
was made if you call it a deal I doubt
it but an arrangement was made they
start with the nuclear weapons again
that's not happening to us we will I
think come up with a solution and if we
don't we leave the room with great
respect we leave the room or we just
keep it going I also will tell you that
President Xi of China has been very
helpful at the border and I want to
acknowledge that I think it's very
important to acknowledge but President
Xi has been extremely helpful to me we
have a very good relationship he's been
extremely helpful to me at the border so
we'll see where it all goes but now this
isn't like past administration's we
don't play games thank you very much
everybody
thank you very much everybody
as you saw the president in the Oval
Office with Angela Merkel saying that he
will not be played that other other
administration's he believes have been
played by North Korea and also
denouncing the Russia probe saying that
the house intelligence report which came
out today found no collusion which is
not exactly the fact
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
