I went to Russia for a day or so a day
or two because I own the Miss Universe
pageant he said I I didn't stay there
night of course I stayed there I stayed
there very short period of time but of
course I stayed well his memo said I
left immediately about I never said that
I never said I left immediately we want
to get to Kanye West he tweeted that he
loves you that you're his brother and I
have known Kanye a little bit and I get
along with Scott I get along with a lot
of people frankly but Kanye looks and he
sees black unemployment at the lowest
it's been in the history of our country
look it was very very nasty you know
with little rocket man and with the
buttons and you know my buck the button
is bigger than everybody says this guy's
going to get us into nuclear what let me
tell you the nuclear war would have
happened if you had weak people Mike
Pompeo did go there he wasn't supposed
to meet with Kim Jong wrong but he did
he you know they arranged actually while
he was there to say hello we have
incredible pictures of the two talking I
don't watch NBC any more there is better
CNN I don't and by the way I've made
them a fortune with The Apprentice
bought this desk with that fortune
joining us on set is Jason Johnson
politics editor for The Root and an
MSNBC contributor Ashley's still here to
go first of all the expressions on the
face of the hosts it's like that look
you have when your uncle gets really
drunk starts telling stories and you're
like you just have to smile and grin
through it hope he doesn't say anything
too crazy this is why his lawyers don't
want him to talk to Muller
you put a camera or a microphone or an
audience in front of this president he
is just going to go on and on and on and
on he's going to admit things that he
isn't supposed to admit he's going to
say things that are inappropriate and
problematic and clearly proven to be
lies and this is one of the reasons why
he has continually been a drag when
every single person who wants to support
him cuz he's gonna run their mouth and
he's gonna win things for did you listen
to I mean when you just see sort of the
range it's a breathtaking what's what
stuck out for you as the most two things
first when he's talking about the war
like
give the glitter in which he talks about
nuclear conflict scares the heck out of
me I have an 80s baby I remember the day
after like these are terrifying things
he's like yeah weak people don't get in
the nuclear Wars but you're arguing
about buttons the second thing is I'm
sorry and I had a moratorium on talking
about Kanye squeak but I gotta tell you
when the president starts bragging about
all the things he's done for black folk
Kanye West doesn't represent black
people listen to all falls down this man
has been lost for years and so that the
fact that the president is still so out
of touch that he thinks that talking
about a lost sunken place rapper who
married into a reality TV family is
somehow reflective of how black people
in this country think that shows this
president has no idea what it takes to
make America great actually one of my
favorite things he talked about was
about milania's birthday I think I have
that let's play that I picked a very
very special day because it's milania's
birthday so I said let's do it on
milania's birthday so happy birthday to
Milania all right hopefully they'll be
visits in between but have you decided
on or do you want to tell us what you
got her well I better not get into that
because I may get in trouble maybe I
didn't get her so much I'd say what she
has done I got her a beautiful card I'm
married there's no card
let me just read off a little bit of
what past presidents did for their wives
on their birthday
President Obama wrote to Michelle - the
girl from the south side he took on a
role she didn't ask for and made it her
own happy birthday Michelle I love you
Beyonce saying Paul McCartney danced and
Hillary Clinton's schmoozed
George Bush gave Laura a dog miss
Beazley and also a triple strand amber
colored necklace although they were busy
being president what do you make of the
Melania birthday answer I like I think
most people who follow this president
we're not particularly surprised there's
something sort of classic Trump about
his gift to his wife being a television
a call-in television interview featuring
himself he sort of always manages to put
himself at the center of attention even
when it's his wife's birthday
in our understanding also it's worth
noting and talking to people who are
close to them say that you know this is
a tense time a tough time in their
marriage where Melania is well aware of
all of these allegations against the
president so sort of rough moment and
then the president does have an ability
to make himself the center of attention
even if his wife is in fact I believe
turning 48 and you better read the
president was it what surprised you
about the interview I couldn't believe
that the Fox host didn't let him keep on
going what do you got like we still be
talking I think you probably would have
gone several hours I mean this is his
favorite thing to do we had the chance
to interview him in July hope picks kept
on trying it you say ok last question
last question last question and all he
wanted to do was talk and we think he
would have gone on for for the rest of
the day if he could how long did this
morning
I honestly think he would have done
several hours loves this he believes he
is his best spokesman his best reg as
his best lawyer what a better way to do
that on his network that's his favorite
thing to do he loves that he loves
campaigning he's not a process guys that
policy guy any danger in that strategy
yeah look I thought the most striking
thing was the president basically
threatened to obstruct justice again in
this interview yeah you said that you
know I'm thinking about interfering with
my Justice Department at some point and
we're just kind of used to it it's
become routine now for him to take this
step that no other president has ever
really done and in a way we kind of
treated as kind of this the lunatic
ravings of a deranged man is not
something he's really gonna do I don't
think we know yet yeah hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
