history made overnight for North and
South Korea just hours ago kim
jeong-hoon crossed the most heavily
armed border zone in the world for
face-to-face meetings with his
presidential counterpart and then going
off-script he invited South Korea's
leader to visit the North the two men
again crossing the dividing line
hand-in-hand and finally the big news
this morning agreeing to end the Korean
War this year good morning everyone on
this big news day it is Friday April
27th welcome to morning Jo with us we
have the president of the Council on
Foreign Relations an author of a book
the world in disarray Richard Haass
national affairs analyst for NBC News
and MSNBC John Heilemann Donny George is
with us
and White House correspondent for PBS
Newshour you Mischa Alison door along
with Willie Joe and me that historic
news out of the Korean Peninsula is
folded into big stories here at home
Mike Pompeo who met with kim jeong-hoon
over easter has been confirmed as
Secretary of State how will his tenure
differ from Rex Tillerson
plus President Trump takes it up to
11:00 on Fox News and prosecutors
immediately seize on what he said why
his free wheeling interview may have
just undercut his personal lawyer
Michael Cohen in a major way but we
begin with breaking news that the
leaders of North and South Korea are
taking historic steps toward peace after
65 years of division threats and
violence a document signed by both side
reads in part quote the two leaders
solemnly declared before the 80 million
Korean people and the whole world that
there will be no more war on the Korean
Peninsula and thus a new era of peace
has begun jo richard haas james Fallows
last night said he wasn't prone to
overstatement but he said this is one of
the most shocking and he said shocking
diplomatic developments he's seen in his
lifetime you'd of course have
you know Nixon with Mal in China Anwar
Sadat and Menachem Bagan at the Camp
David Peace Accords and this I mean it
is it's hard to overstate just how
surprising it turned around this is from
what we were hearing just six months ago
that's true Joe but there's a but all
the positives are potentially true what
we don't know though is exactly what is
motivating Kim jong-un and let me give
you two different scenarios one is he's
been forced by the sanctions by China by
his internal problems to essentially
accept the fact that he he needs a
different relationship with his neighbor
to the South and the United States and
the world the other is that the nuclear
weapons and the ballistic missile tests
to reach a point of sufficiency for him
where now he feels confident enough and
secure enough to make agreements with
including the end of war because he
feels to North Korea now it has a secure
future I think at the moment it's too
soon to take out this champagne so as
impressive as this is and it's
potentially potentially significant as
this says we still have to translate
from the the rhetoric of this morning to
policy in reality so I just want to
introduce you haven't me to be a wet
blanket but I just think we need to
introduce that that caution we're
talking about North Korea the entire
playing field is wet so they've been
lying to us for you know 30 40 years so
we don't know what's going to happen but
actually if you just talk about the
charm offensive as as you've said the
charm offensive that's underway right
now something certainly pushed the North
to do this and that is what our
policymakers are going to have to figure
out maybe you know it's hard not to look
at all the bluster and all the insults
and and and all the threats from Donald
Trump and not believe that that actually
forced the north and the south to try to
figure out a way to get together because
if left at Donald Trump at least from
what they were hearing out of Washington
DC in the White House they could wake up
one out one morning with 500,000
dead Koreans on the peninsula it could
be the American threats played are all
either piece of a North Korea's calculus
or with China's and in turn China turned
the screws with with sanctions that
that's all quite quite possible again
though I think it's important to
distinguish between the North's
commitment to ending the state of war
which is something that obviously would
be welcomed by by one and all and the
commitment to denuclearization and I
think translating the denuclearization
commitment in particular a lot has to go
we still don't have a common definition
of it we don't have a timetable we don't
have specific steps we don't have
verification and again I don't want to
seem cynical this morning so isn't as
important as this potentially is as
exciting as this potentially is now
we've got the hard slog of diplomacy
that awaits let's see how this is
playing in Korea joining us live from
Seoul South Korea NBC News correspondent
Janet smacky frere Janet's the
expectations for the summit were high
was there an over delivery and what are
people saying on the streets as they
watch these images the likes of which
they've never seen whether they over
deliver it remains to be seen
they certainly exceeded expectations
there was the sense there would be only
an agreement that the two sides would
meet again so this pledge to end the
Korean War by pursuing three-way talks
at the u.s. four-way talks with China is
certainly a dramatic move and then to
see Kim jong-un standing in front of
live television cameras in the DMZ
making a statement on the complete
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
it's really quite a bold turn of events
from how 2018 opened where Kim jong-un
and President Trump were exchanging
threats about their nuclear buttons
there is a healthy degree of skepticism
here people have been down this road
before deals have been brokered and
broken before but there is a different
kind of optimism there are also no
illusions many people see this move
toward diplomacy by Kim jong-un is very
tactical that he had achieved his
credible nuclear deterrent and it was
enough to bring other leaders to the
table
this has also been an important
intelligence gathering operation for the
US side as it prepares for the summit
between Kim and president Trump and this
joint declaration by the two leaders
here today have certainly raised the bar
for that meeting Willie
Janice Mackey Farren's Seoul South Korea
for us this morning thanks Jo I'm
thinking too about the Olympics that
opening ceremony where the delegation
from North Korea visited it was a
historic step but as I was there
covering it there was that same dose of
skepticism coming from the south as they
watched the images on TV well that's
what you keep hearing Willie talk of
skepticism and and and cynicism and
there's again a good reason people
shouldn't talk about Donald Trump or
anybody in North or South Korea winning
the Nobel Peace Prize when we remember a
Nobel Peace Prize was awarded in 1994
for a deal that did nothing but allow
the North Koreans to have more cover to
actually develop this nuclear program
we've been made suckers of time and time
again whether it was Bill Clinton or
whether it was George W Bush or whether
it was Barack Obama I mean I don't see
any reason to think that the North
Koreans aren't going to try to cheat on
any deal that they achieve anyway that
said the fact that six months after
almost every military analysts Week and
I spoke to inside the White House feared
a coming al and war on the Korean
Peninsula where half a million to a
million people would die this still is a
very positive development it's exactly
right
John Heilemann once you go ahead well
sure yes and and I think Joe to your
point I think you know the the the the
we were in such a position of tension
the rhetoric was so at least from the
event with respect the United States and
North Korea was so inflamed over the
year ago six months ago nine months ago
you know President Trump has not yet
reacted to this we can expect that he
will and he will do so in a tone of
triumphalism and and and although
there's all I've taken all of the tones
of skepticism are and
or obviously well-deserved and well
placed but the president is going to
have some ground for saying all of you
skeptics who said that that my rhetoric
that my unconventional approach to this
problem was foolish you all said was
provocative he also it was inflammatory
and yet look what's happening right now
in the Korean Peninsula he will
certainly say that his critics were
wrong and it does create obviously at
this moment again with all the caveats
it creates a moment for him as he heads
towards his meeting with Kim jong-un it
creates a moment that he desperately
wants which is a moment where he can
follow this potentially historic set of
developments with another set of
historic developments that he had really
claimed directly as his own yeah maybe
so and mica maybe kim jeong-hoon finally
just look at Donald Trump and said man
that guy is crazy better story I better
start these talks on my own thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
