day four 62 of the Trump administration
and the president stepped right into the
legal battle surrounding his personal
lawyer Michael Cohen in a let's call it
freewheeling and at times rambling phone
interview with Fox and Friends which
took place right after his pick to run
the VA withdrew his nomination
president Trump both distance himself
from Cohen and for the first time
admitted Cohen represented him in
connection with the adult film star
stormy Daniels mr. president how much of
your legal work was handled by Michael
Cohen well as a percentage of my overall
legal work a tiny tiny little fraction
but Michael would represent me and
represent me on some things he
represents me like with this crazy
stormy Daniels deal he represented me
and you know from what I see he did
absolutely nothing wrong there were no
campaign funds going and why is he
pleading with a better problem because
he's got other things he's got
businesses and from what I understand
they're looking at his businesses and I
hope he's in great shape but he's got
businesses and his lawyers probably told
him to do that but I'm not involved and
I'm not involved and I've been told I'm
not involved
you'll recall just a few weeks ago the
president said this about Ms Daniels
and you'll recall Cohen's $130,000
payment the Daniels was part of an
agreement not to talk about her
encounter with Trump as alleged in 2006
Cohen is under federal criminal
investigation in New York where federal
prosecutors are looking into the
hush-money payment and his other
business dealings earlier this month the
FBI raided his residences and office and
seized documents and other items
prosecutors lawyers for mr. Cohen and
mr. Trump have been sparring over
whether those items are privileged well
today a judge appointed a retired
federal judge to serve as what's called
in the law a special master to decide
what items prosecutors will have access
to more on that later the president has
been particularly agitated about this
raid and reports have indicated that his
aides see the Cohen investigation as
potentially more damaging than the
overall Muller Russia inquiry in his
phone interview this morning the
president unleashed his anger at federal
law enforcement and made what sounded
like a veiled threat because of the fact
that they have this witch-hunt going on
with people in the Justice Department
that shouldn't be there they have a
witch-hunt against the President of the
United States going on I've taken the
position and I don't have to take this
position and maybe I'll change that I
will not be involved with the Justice
Department I will wait till this is over
I'm very disappointed in my Justice
Department but because of the fact that
it's going on and I think you'll
understand this I have decided that I
won't be involved I may change my mind
at some point because what's going on is
a disgrace you look at the corruption at
the top of the FBI it's a disgrace and
our Justice Department which I try and
stay away from but at some point I won't
Justice Department should be looking at
that kind of stuff
not the nonsense of collusion with
Russia there has been mounting concern
the president might move against the
officials directly connected to this
Russia investigation Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosenstein and Special
Counsel Robert Muller today the Senate
Judiciary Committee passed a bill to
protect Muller although it's unlikely
it'll reach the floor
for a full vote while the president
criticizes the investigation reports
indicate his legal team is now is still
negotiating rather potential interview
terms between the President and Muller
Trump kept up his attacks even as he
seemed to be open to a sit-down with the
special counsel I'm fighting a battle
against a horrible group of deep-seated
people drained the swamp that are coming
up with all sorts of phony charges
against me and they're not bringing up
real charges against the other side so
we have a phony deal going on and it's a
cloud over my head does it make you want
to talk to baller and put it into it
does it make you want to talk to him
because that's what Rudy Giuliani it
went on from there let's turn to our
leadoff panel on a Thursday night
Jennifer Rogers back with us former
assistant US attorney for the Southern
District of New York now the executive
director for Columbia Law School's
Center for the Advancement of Public
Integrity Jeremy bash former chief of
staff at CIA and the Pentagon and Robert
Costa national political reporter for
The Washington Post moderator of
Washington week on PBS Jennifer it was
interesting to watch all this sitting
next to you in our Studios here in New
York I'll keep your reactions between us
but what did Donald Trump do today in
your legal view to his own case and that
of Michael Cohen well there were really
three things that stuck out to me kind
of from a legal perspective you know the
first is this comment about how much
legal work Michael Cohen did for him you
know Michael Cohen's attorneys are in
there in the Southern District of New
York trying to kind of claim a broad
privilege so that the prosecutors get as
few documents as possible and here's the
president and they're saying well you
know I have a lot of lawyers he did very
little legal work for me that's not
exactly the same as saying of all the
things he did for me not much of it is
legal those are two different things but
still he's generally kind of backing
away from the notion that he wants a
broad assertion of privilege here which
is different from when he was tweeting
out that you know the attorney-client
privilege was dead and that sort of
thing so Michael Cohen and his lawyers
are not going to be happy about that
development in the Southern District
case secondly we have the comment about
being represented by Michael Cohen in
the stormy Daniels matter of course
that's a separate civil litigation in
California right now previously as we
saw at the top of the show he said I
don't know anything about any of that
and now he says Michael Cohen is my
lawyer in that matter what's the
distinction well the difference is so
when you are a client and have a lawyer
in a matter the lawyers acting on your
behalf the lawyer has to keep the client
apprised that's all about what a lawyer
does I mean the legal ethics rules
require that so it makes it much more
likely that he actually was involved he
knew what was going on and that to me is
is bolstered by the comment he made
directly after which said and by the way
no campaign funds were used so there's
no issue here I mean how does he know
that you know if he wasn't involved from
the beginning with all of this and
deciding how these payments were gonna
be made so to me he has kind of
undermined the claim that he had no
involvement in this and that's gonna be
a problem that civil litigation because
we all know Michael avenatti is out
there on this network and elsewhere
saying I'm gonna depose the president
because he's making inconsistent
statements about his involvement so
those are the kind of - the two biggest
issues you know there's also the notion
of not getting involved with the Justice
Department which is not involved in not
having to do with those litigations but
the Moller investigation you know to the
extent that he is throwing another piece
of circumstantial evidence on the pile
of intense evidence in the obstruction
case for it that's bad for him - all of
this is on the meter as the meter runs
and people are watching and listening
hey Jeremy I want to talk about mr.
Cohen before I do
we found the signature line from one of
his emails these have been out in the
public domain this is an email from
Michael Cohen in 2018 but it's important
kind of the automatic name stamp at the
bottom of an outgoing Michael Cohen
email his personal attorney to president
Donald J Trump that's how he identifies
himself though there were indications
this morning Jeremy we'll watch this
together and talk about it that the
president set out on Fox and Friends to
perhaps diminish Michael Cohen's legal
work and talk up Michael Cohen's own
business Michael is in business he's
really a businessman a fairly big
business as I understand it I don't know
his business but this doesn't have to do
with me michael is a
this man he's got a business he also
practices law I would say probably the
big thing is this business and they're
looking at something having to do with
this business I have nothing to do with
this business I can tell you he's got
other things she's got businesses and
from what I understand they're looking
at his businesses and I hope he's in
great shape but he's got businesses our
friends at Meet the Press daily for that
compilation those were the president's
own words from that one interview this
morning Jeremy what do you think is at
work here yeah if you had the word
business on your bingo cards you were
doing pretty well tonight Brian I think
what's going on is here the president
has inadvertently told the truth
for a moment he's acknowledged the
reality that Michael Cohen is
essentially a businessman who received a
law degree and and did some legal work
in the Trump Organization but his main
role was to undertake business
activities in conjunction with Donald
Trump and some on his own we know very
well that Michael Cohen for example was
leading the negotiations with
individuals in Russia in late 2015 in
very early 2016
about the construction of the Trump
Tower plan in Moscow and it's clear from
other documents and other things we've
seen that Michael Cohen is principally
and foremost a business associate of
Donald Trump and that would undercut his
claim of attorney-client privilege
Robert Costa why did this interview
happen today was this a regular timed
release of steam and what is the
reaction been among allies of this
president based on my reporting there
are two tracks now against this Muller
investigation against the Justice
Department and they're coming from the
president's legal team with Rudy
Giuliani meeting on Tuesday with Muller
and bringing up James Comey the former
FBI director in that conversation Brian
asking Muller to his face based on my
conversations with sources familiar with
that meeting about whether he sees call
me as credible so you have the
president's legal team challenging
Muller in Muller's office and then at
the same time you have Mark Meadows and
other Republican Congressman challenging
rod Rosenstein to his face behind the
scenes at the Department of Justice all
of this is going on as the president
talked with FoxNews that gives you the
context of this ratcheting up of
tensions on multiple fronts Jeremy let's
talk about your reaction when you hear
this president go after institutions
like the Department of Justice and as he
put it corruption inside the FBI well
three things struck me Brian first he
said it's my Justice Department no it's
not it's the American people's Justice
Department second as he said I've tried
to stay away from the Justice Department
by I won't for much longer
implying that he's gonna interfere in a
criminal investigation into his own
conduct and third as he said there's
corruption at the highest levels of the
FBI in fact the FBI director Chris Rea
is someone who he appointed and all the
people who the president supposedly was
concerned with Jim Comey Andy McCabe he
fired and so the people who are still
the FBI he's still saying they're
corrupt it really does undermine their
work they are on the front lines trying
to protect our country and the president
is doing nothing but undermining them
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
