and let me begin with you first of all I
want to start because former US attorney
areas US attorney general excuse me Eric
Holder had this to say with the
confirmation of Kavanaugh in the process
which led to it and the treatment of
Merrick garland the legitimacy the
Supreme Court can justifiably be
questioned the court must now prove
through its work that it is worthy of
the nation's trust first of all what do
you make of that do you agree with that
assessment and if so how does the court
same question I asked be it how does the
chord go about doing that well I mean I
think we should look back to other times
that have been extremely controversial
in the history of the court and the one
that comes to mind for me is Bush v Gore
which in the mind of many Democrats D
legitimized the Supreme Court and the
way that they handled it was kinda to
pretend that it didn't happen so if you
ask me what I think will happen I think
that the nine justices will try to
smooth over those wounds without really
addressing everything that happened
Clarence Thomas also joined the Supreme
Court after being accused of sexual
misconduct I think the way to interpret
Justice Kagan and justice Sotomayor
comments there and a way to predict what
the Supreme Court will do is to think
about one person and that's Chief
Justice John Roberts he's somebody who
does care about the courts legitimacy he
is a very conservative person who has
often voted to overturn precedent but
he's also someone who cares about the
court as an institution and I think
ultimately the question will be a P who
will best appeal to Chief Justice
Roberts about the way to safeguard the
courts legitimacy and will that mean
narrow decisions is it is it safe to
describe Chief Justice Roberts as now
the leader of the Supreme Court I mean I
know we he is the Chief Justice but does
he also have a leadership role in how he
brings these justices together and how
they perform and he is the median
justice right now he is a very
conservative justice but that said there
are a couple of times that he has done
things that are different from what the
Republican Party wants Affordable Care
Act isn't one everybody remembers twice
and so I think the question will be how
does he see his role moving forward and
I suspect that we don't know how Brett
Kavanaugh will be but I think that what
all of the liberals on the Supreme Court
are going to try to do is to try to tamp
down the differences and
show Chief Justice Roberts that they are
willing to work together for to
safeguard the long-term legitimacy of
the court Phil a lot of people have been
asking this question is the confirmation
process broken I know that you wrote
about how the White House and
Republicans actually orchestrated the
Cavanaugh confirmation all the stuff
that happened behind the scenes kind of
getting him fired up in his own defense
and ultimately how they saw it through
and the question now becomes is this the
new template for how future nominees
will be confirmed when there is firm
opposition or when there's any kind of
shadow of a doubt about whether they are
qualified or not yeah that's a good
question it's a very different
confirmation process and we've seen four
previous Supreme Court justices in the
last couple of decades but that's a
reflection of our country's politics
right now the nation's deeply divided
the Senate is deeply divided and I think
as long as the two parties are so
closely aligned in the Senate in terms
of their numbers you're going to end up
seeing these sort of partisan
confirmation processes for example if
President Trump were to get rid of Jeff
Sessions this Attorney General next year
and nominate a new attorney general I
think that confirmation process could be
very partisan and very ugly it's just
the reality of the sort of government
structure we have right now run one of
the points that a lot of people have
been pointing to as a turning point was
when the president went on the attack
not just criticizing dr. Ford story but
really mocking it in the way he
questioned the credibility of her memory
and I want to play you this sound bite
from this rally watch I thought I had
even the playing field because it was
very unfair to judge now I can you know
very nicely say justice Kavanagh right
right it was a very unfair situation so
I even the playing field that once I did
that it started to sail through he was
very very unfairly okay so that was him
explaining why he mocked her and saying
that it kind of leveled the playing
field to some extent by him going on the
offensive there what do you make of that
president of the presidential argument
you made well I'm a certain sense it's a
double-edged sword on the one hand
people have said that it was to motivate
his base and make sure that there's no
enthusiasm
come the midterm elections on the other
hand Democrats said it motivated them
because these politicizing a process
that that shouldn't be and so as a
consequence what we don't know is really
what the enthusiasm gap is will it widen
will it narrow come the November
midterms and who did it motivate more
did it motivate the Democrats because
it's inappropriate for a president to
make claims like that and level those
types of accusations against a sexual
assault alleged sexual assault victim or
does he really you know get Republican
turnout higher than it would have
otherwise been and I think that's a
unanswerable question for another you
know nearly 30 days we're seeing some in
the the house side Nancy Pelosi to be
specific we also heard yesterday from
representative ted Lieu Jerry Nadler all
saying that you know they want to either
subpoena the documents and the
communications between the FBI and the
White House to find out how narrow of a
scope the FBI was given investigating
the background of of Justice Justice
Kavanaugh and all these allegations is
that something doable at this stage and
if so you know what do they gain out of
this come two midterms no I mean that's
what they have to do that's the purpose
of the Congress to provide oversight and
that's why you have to win an election
to get your subpoena power to go through
I think to the answer to the question
you asked Ron about the president's
comments was very useful for Republicans
the president could go out there make
their case everyone pays attention and
then Jeff Flake and Susan Collins can
wring their hands and say oh that was
the way he said that was very wrong and
still vote for him he provides the cover
they draft off the cover and they get
their man through and let's also point
out you played that clip from Judge
Jeanine Pirro
very really fascinating thing that's
going on is that Judge Cavanaugh made
his case with his wife sitting next to
him on Fox News put an op-ed in the Wall
Street Journal explaining his case the
president goes on that show on Fox News
explaining his comments you just have
this siloing of opinion that is a
sidestep and an end around the actual
discourse in America I do think that
part and parcel of the the Trump
administration anymore and it works and
everything we've seen this has been
extremely effective strategy to jam a
guy through without
an apology with only 51 votes this is
definitely how politics I mean they
think it's a winning strategy it has
been a winning strategy does it all add
up to the courts legitimacy or
illegitimate see they're just one word I
wanted to say and Aaron was hinting at
it institutionalist and I think it
really all does come down to John
Roberts who thinks the court things of
the court as an institution and wants to
retain the legitimacy of the court
because for everything else that's going
on in politics in the media the courts
legitimacy kind of comes down to those
nine people and they could preserve it
which is good for America if they
preserve it as a legitimate institution
there has been this kind of Republican
talking point about who the victims are
here whether it is white men or the
women I know that sounds kind of bizarre
that were even talking about that but
the president actually said that women
were happy to see judge Cavanaugh and
now justice Cavanaugh confirm here's
what he said about women's reaction to
this confirmation women were outraged
and what happened to Bret Kevin
so you have a lot of women that are
extremely a tremendous number because
they're thinking of their sons they're
thinking of their husbands and their
brothers their uncles and others but
they're not thinking of their daughters
I guess if they were the victims or
themselves or their sisters or their
mothers what do you say to that that
argument that the president made well I
think it is very striking that Brett
Kavanaugh was confirmed in the Senate
over the literal shouts of women I mean
you could hear women's voices in that
chamber you could hear them outside they
were making their voices heard directly
into the faces of the Senators that said
I do think that Trump is right about one
thing there will be some women who will
see it this way and I think it's really
important when we're talking about how
the politics is going to play to say
which women so the for example if you
look at numbers right now in contested
House races there was a Washington Post
poll today about it there's a huge split
on racial lines there's a huge split on
educational lines so you have white
non-college educated women who
overwhelmingly support Republicans then
you have a little bit more of an even
split when it comes to white women with
a college degree and you have the
overwhelming support for Democrats that
you see among women of color so I always
think we should say which women and
there are the women around Brett
Kavanaugh they were the women who
clerked for Brett Cavanaugh there
is--there his wife and Susan Collins
these are all women too they happen to
be women who I think are upholding the
patriarchy that's how I would see it but
they are women and so I think the
question will be are there persuadable
women for example why college of women
who may be Hillary Clinton thought would
turn out and vote for her who are going
to see this we're going to see Trump
mocking a woman who's a lot like them
Christine Blasi Ford is like the
demographic that might conceivably be
motivated to vote against Republicans
that might not necessarily have a strong
party affiliation and I think that kind
of outrage may backfire on Trump so fill
the Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell over the weekend was asked
point-blank about whether or not this
process of confirmation has broken down
in the Senate what's your sense of how
this confirmation fight has impacted the
US Senate he says no
this was an following long-standing
tradition of how confirmations happen
but history actually tells a slightly
different story
yeah well the process I think has
created a real partisan divide more of a
partisan divide in the Senate you saw
Lindsey Graham Republican from South
Carolina who had that sort of angry
moment during the campaign hearings a
couple weeks ago you saw him this
weekend say look I'm as angry as I've
ever been and I'm gonna go out and
campaign against some of my colleagues
in the Senate I talked to President
Trump
shortly before the vote on Saturday and
he told me that Lisa Murkowski the
Republican senator from Alaska the only
Republican who voted no on Cavanaugh's
confirmation would be in serious trouble
predicted her defeat in a primary four
years from now and so you see both sides
really digging in and it's created this
partisan divide in the Senate that
unfortunately I think is probably going
to continue unless there's a shift in
the atmosphere there
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
