and thank you at home for joining us
this hour so has there been enough news
for you today or would you like some
more right now as I speak North Korea
and South Korea are holding a summit on
the border between those countries it's
daytime they're daylight right now
because it's tomorrow in terms of the
time difference obviously this is very
very very high-stakes excuse me
historical diplomacy and it comes on a
day when the United States government
has confirmed a new Secretary of State
former Republican congressman and
immediate former CIA director Mike
Pompeo mr. Pompeo was confirmed today
and then he left immediately for a NATO
meeting in Brussels the White House
today released these photos of mr.
Pompeo meeting with and shaking hands
with the North Korean dictator on a
secret trip that he took last month
Pompeyo confirmation by the Senate today
and then the North and South Korea
summit that's happening right now as I
speak it comes just weeks before what is
apparently still planned to be a meeting
between Kim jong-un the North Korean
dictator and our own President Trump now
President Trump did not have his most
cool calm and collected day today so
this little preview tonight of the
president's own meeting with one of the
most notorious and unpredictable
nuclear-armed dictators in the world
it's it's it's not a relaxing feeling to
know that our president in his current
state of mind is about to sit down with
that guy but it's been a lot of it's
been an unsettling day of juice also
just been a day with tons of news in it
Pompeyo confirmed a secretary of state
so he's going to be taking over that
critical agency after a year that is
considered by everyone on all sides to
have been a disaster for the State
Department under Trump's first Secretary
of State Rex Tillerson today also the
president's nomination of the White
House doctor to be VA secretary that
nomination collapsed and was withdrawn
in the aftermath of that disaster it is
not clear what's gonna happen to the VA
and honestly it's not clear whether
Ronnie Jackson can keep being the White
House doctor anymore not after what we
learned about his tenure there thanks to
the scrutiny that
came from this failed nomination effort
we will have more on that coming up
tonight and we've got a really good
interview on that subject tonight today
we also saw the EPA Administrator pop
his head above ground for the first time
in weeks since he started to become a
daily Old Faithful geyser of astonishing
ethics scandals a new one everyday line
up and watched while the new one erupts
Scott Pruett spent a long-awaited day at
the Capitol today getting yelled at by
members of Congress all day long there
is one matter on which Scott Pruett
testified today where he appears to just
be flat-out lying to Congress we will
have that story coming up tonight as
well with some new reporting you have
not heard on that and of course today a
huge moment in American culture and
criminal law with legendary American
comedian and actor Bill Cosby being
convicted in a Pennsylvania courtroom on
three felony charges dozens of women of
course have come forward in the past few
years to accuse Bill Cosby of a
remarkable series excuse me a remarkably
similar set of allegations dozens of
women have come forward and accused
Cosby of drugging and assaulting them or
drugging and raping them only one of
those claims by Andrea Acosta in
Pennsylvania resulted in criminal
charges being brought against mr. Cosby
charges were brought against Cosby in
the cast and case in December 2015 just
a few days before the statute of
limitations would have meant that she
couldn't pursue recourse in court either
but those charges were fired filed
within the 12-year statute of
limitations in Pennsylvania on charge
for charges of this nature and he was
convicted on all three and with today's
three felony convictions mr. Cosby is
facing up to a maximum of 30 years in
prison that said he and his lawyers say
emphatically that they will appeal so
like I said totally normal Newsday right
I mean even if you don't get to the
release of some of the very last
government files on the JFK
assassination which also happened today
and even if you don't get to the huge
teacher walkouts that happened in two
big states today actually we will get to
those a little bit later on and then
there's the Speaker of the House Paul
Ryann inexplicably firing the chaplain
from Congress today and nobody knows why
I mean in a normal presidency the
seemingly inexplicable and thus far
totally mysterious firing of the
chaplain in Congress by the Speaker of
the House that would be a week's worth
of news right tonight in our lives now
in this presidency yeah you just gotta
like put that in the file because hey
we've got a whole bunch of stuff going
off like roman candles inside a phone
booth right now we got other stuff to
get to i mean all this does i know i
have said this before but all this to
say if you feel overwhelmed by the news
in america right now it's okay it's not
you the news is a little overwhelming
right now and it continues to be but it
is worth paying attention not only
because you're a good citizen but also
because this overwhelming amount of news
is also fascinating right now i mean
among among all the other things that
happen today today the president appears
to have personally blown up the main
point of his legal defense in the case
that he and his advisors are even more
worried about than the robert muller
inquiry the New York Times has reported
over the last couple of weeks that the
president and his advisors have
concluded that the federal criminal
investigation into Michael Cohen poses a
greater threat than even the
investigation into Russia's interference
in the 2016 election by the special
counsel robert muller and that maybe
that that the president and his advisors
are even more worried about the michael
cohen case that the president himself
believes that the michael cohen case
puts the president in the most imminent
legal jeopardy that he is facing right
now but even with all of that concern
with even with all of the focus and
worry and maybe even panic about that
case today the president blew it up
the president himself took on his own
legal defense in that case and just cut
it off at the knees this time last night
we were reporting that Rudy Giuliani who
was now acting as one of the president's
lawyers on the rush of matter this time
last night we reported that he had just
gone and had his first meeting yesterday
with robert muller and with robert
Mueller's prosecutors in the special
counsel's office
now the president hired Rudy Giuliani to
represent him on the Russia matter one
week ago tonight on that same day that
we found out that he just hired Rudy we
also learned that President Trump had
hired two more lawyers as well Martin
and Jane reskin the husband and wife
team who practiced together in Florida
because their hiring was announced at
the same time as mr. Giuliani's hiring
it was assumed that they too were hired
to represent the president on the Russia
investigation on the Muller
investigation I mean that was a little
bit weird when Rudy Giuliani went on to
say that evening that that he was
planning on ending the Muller
investigation in two weeks all right if
that's your plan why would you also need
to hire two whole new lawyers to start
working on that case on that same day if
it's just about to wrap up it was a
little weird
well now today today we could explain
the weirdness there today we have
learned that the the the new legal
firepower the president brought on board
alongside Rudy Rudy Giuliani they are
not apparently there to work on the
mower case they're there to work on the
Cohen case specifically the president
brought on these new lawyers to try to
stop the president from being legally
exposed in the Cohen case Washington
Post ran a profile of these these two
new lawyers for the president today and
it says in part quote among their early
assignments is to try to use
attorney-client protections to keep
investigators from scouring Trump's
communications with his personal lawyer
Michael Cohen who is under federal
scrutiny so one the president's new law
new lawyers are working on the Cohen
case they weren't just hired for Muller
which is what we had previously thought
that's supporting evidence for what the
New York Times has been reporting about
how clear and present the president
feels the danger is from the Michael
Cohen case he's hiring new lawyers and
putting them on that but the other part
of this is that we've also now got
overwhelming evidence of what the
president's defense is in that case how
exactly the president's lawyers think
they can best protect him in that case
and you've seen it from the very
beginning from the very beginning the
President himself seemed under
stand it just implicitly his initial
response to the FBI raid on Michael
Cohen's home and office on April 9th was
this attorney-client privilege is dead
that was his response to Michael Cohen
getting rated right and and this is
frankly the big idea of how to protect
the president in the Cohen case
prosecutors should not have been able to
seize they should not be able to look at
they should not be able to build any
sort of case based on anything they got
from Michael Cohen because Michael Cohen
is a lawyer Michael Cohen is a diligent
attorney who has confidential
communications all the time with his
many clients and therefore all his
documents and communications are or
ought to be off-limits to prosecutors
and the FBI god bless attorney-client
privilege that's been the defense
several problems with that strategy
emerged fairly quickly
first prosecutors were quickly able to
pry out of michael cohen an admission
from him that actually he has only three
clients he does not have a gazillion
client he has three one of them he says
is a host on the fox news channel who
quickly made a public declaration that
actually michael cohen
never really did any legal work for him
at all quote michael cohen has never
represented me in any matter
I never retain him received an invoice
or paid legal fees okay so not a lot of
legal production that's gonna turn up in
a raid of Michael Cohen's files in that
case that's client one client two RNC
official Eliot Brady who says Michael
Cohen briefly represented him recently
on just one discrete matter Michael
Cohen arranged a payoff to a woman who
says she got pregnant during an affair
with Eliot Brady Brody says he engaged
Michael Cohen on that matter
specifically to arrange a payment to
that woman as compensation part of an
agreement to not go to the press or
something just a goodwill payment
thanks for the affair and it's not
totally clear what the payment was for
but even though the public revelations
around that deal we're a little odd when
it comes to the feds rating Michael
Cohen's home in office looking for
documents related to this ongoing
federal criminal investigation into
Michael Cohen well it seems like the RNC
deputy finance chairman paying his
mistress deal it seems like that was a
specific enough deal a specific enough
legal matter that it'd be pretty easy to
wall that off right it's not like you're
gonna mistake a lot of other legal work
for that that's a pretty specific thing
doesn't seem like it'd be that hard to
find things related to that matter I
sold them isolate them and make sure
they don't get mixed up with other
things that prosecutors were looking for
that seems like a discrete matter in
both senses of the word discreet walling
that off would not be rocket science but
then there's the third and final client
Michael Cohen says he has and that of
course is President Trump so the sum
total of Michael Cohen's potentially
confidential communications with clients
are with mr. Hannity from Fox News who
says he's had no actual legal
representation for mr. Cohen so don't
worry about him then there's mr. Brody
who says Cohen RuPt him on one single
matter related to paying a lady okay
that can probably be walled off but then
there's Trump which means really the
whole strategy in this case against
these federal prosecutors and the FBI
going after Cohen what Cohen's lawyers
have been pursuing in court what the
president has actually hired multiple
new lawyers to pursue in court their
whole case for protecting Michael Cohen
and for protecting the president in the
Michael Cohen case the whole kit and
kaboodle of their argument is that
Michael Cohen is safe from prosecution
and even investigation his papers his
documents his hard drives his phones
they really can't be scrutinized at all
by the FBI because of his voluminous
confidential privileged legal
communications between himself as an
attorney and his one substantive
remaining client because he does such a
massive amount of legal work for
President Trump he and Trump should be
safe in this case that's their defense
that's their case here was mr. Trump
today but is in Europe it is his
business or attorney mr. president many
many just sayin I have many attorneys I
have attorney
you sadly I have so many attorneys you
wouldn't even believe how much mr.
president how much of your legal work
was handled by Michael Kohn well as a
percentage of my overall legal work a
tiny tiny little fraction a tiny tiny
little fraction nothing really this far
we can't even see it
the president has hired lawyers and
Michael Cohen has hired lawyers to
protect the president and protect
Michael Cohen in this federal case by
claiming that federal prosecutors are
trying to seize documents related to
Michael Cohen's confidential
attorney-client communications with the
President and since prosecutors and the
FBI can't have access to those case
closed they got nothing that's their
defense the president today apparently
got up ate his Wheaties had his
caffeinated beverage of choice or 10 and
called up his favorite TV show and he
destroyed that case that his lawyers
have been painstakingly making on his
behalf
Michael is in business he's really a
businessman a fairly big business as I
understand it I don't know his business
but this doesn't have to do with me
Michael is a businessman he's got a
business he also practices law I would
say probably the big thing is his
business and they're looking at
something having to do with this
business I have nothing to do with this
business he's got businesses and from
what I understand they're looking at his
businesses and I hope he's in great
shape what he's got businesses and his
lawyers probably told him to do that but
I'm not involved and I'm not involved
and I've been told I'm not involved I'm
not involved we want to get to Kanye
West he tweeted that he loves you
Fox News are like so should we pull the
ripcord here break glass in case of
emergency yes mr. president
let's talk about a celebrity who loves
you amazing amazing segue in that moment
yeah yeah we got it sir okay yeah let's
um okay somebody hit the kanye west
button well
what the Fox hosts were sitting through
there before emergency break glass was
the president explaining that yeah
the Michael Cohen raid has nothing to do
with Michael Cohen's work as a lawyer
certainly not his work as a lawyer for
the president this has nothing to do
with the president certainly not
anything legal related to the whole
Trump and Cohen legal defense in this
case thus far is the exact opposite of
that but they can't rate them they can't
look at that stuff because it's all
Trump Cohen confidential attorney-client
legal communications and those are
sacrosanct that's their whole defense
president just blew it up I also feel
like I would be remiss if I did not show
you just one other little piece of this
this is from the very end of this
interview this morning I don't know you
may watch that show regularly where the
president did this interview this
morning but just in case you don't I
feel like you should not miss just as a
citizen you shouldn't as as a citizen
you should know how much the president
really lost it by the end of this
interview today so much so that the
hosts of the show on Fox News felt like
they needed to cut him off and stop him
from saying what he was saying they did
like at the end of the interview that it
basically ended with an intervention we
take seven hundred thousand dollars from
somebody supporting Hillary Clinton he
takes seven hundred thousand dollars for
his wife's campaign and by the way
didn't even spend that money he kept
some of it because under that lawyer
she took seven he took seven hundred
thousand from a group headed by Terry
McAuliffe who was under investigation by
McCabe and the FBI and that
investigation disappeared he took seven
hundred thousand dollars and you look at
the corruption at the top of the FBI
it's a disgrace and our Justice
Department which I try and stay away
from but at some point I won't our
Justice Department should be looking at
that kind of stuff
not the nonsense of collusion with
Russia there is no collusion with me and
Russia and everyone knows that every one
week we talk to you all day but it looks
like you have a million things to do
you can join us again mr. president okay
yeah you know we could
I tried say our Justin Spartan which I
try and stay away from but at some point
I won't and then the hosts start going
okay okay mm-hmm uh-huh uh-huh my
favorite part is where the one host says
Wow sir we'd love to talk to you all day
and then the president goes yeah you
could like that would be okay we could
talk all day then bucks it cuts him off
while he is screaming literally yelling
into the phone that he's gonna do
something to the Justice Department Foxx
cuts him off we understand you're very
busy mr. president he's like no no I'm
good so this was a weird day you know
the president was too weird and unhinged
for Fox and Friends and they cut him off
the president blew up the legal case
that his lawyers have been pleading on
his behalf
alongside lawyers for Michael Cohen and
I don't just mean that what the
president said about that legal case
today was off message and it sounded bad
when he said it I'm in less than two
hours after the president shredded his
own legal case in this TV interview
claiming that Michael Cohen does almost
no legal work for him at all federal
prosecutors on the Cohen case actually
submitted a new court filing in that
case quoting the president directly off
of Fox and Friends Wow as the court is
aware after originally stating that the
government seized thousands if not
millions of pages of privileged
documents Michael Cohen subsequently
identified three current clients of
those three clients one sean hannity has
since said that michael cohen has never
represented me in any matter I never
retained him received an invoice or paid
legal fees another client president
Trump reportedly said on cable
television this morning that Cohen
performs a tiny tiny little fraction of
his overall legal work as a percentage
of my overall legal work at tiny tiny
little fraction he says that this
morning on television and it ends up in
this court filing within two hours
President Trump said on cable television
this morning Cohen performs a tiny tiny
little fraction of his overall legal
work these statements this finally
continues these statements by two of
Cohen's three identified clients suggest
that the seized materials are unlikely
to contain voluma
privileged documents that's how you know
you botched the interview that's how you
know and you said the wrong thing about
your legal case in a public forum when
it's it's a hint right that you might
have misjudged that if you're involved
in a legal matter and you say something
publicly and then two hours later the
prosecutors in your legal matter have
written it into the case against you
that's how you knew you didn't do a good
interview so the president
temperamentally lost it in public today
and we should know that as a country
because he's the president even before
he goes to meet with the dictator in
North Korea to talk about nuclear
matters we should know that that's how
he was today the president did blow up
his own legal defense today but here's
here's one last thing that happened
today in the same case prosecutors in
the Cohen case dropped their opposition
to having a Special Master review
documents from the Cohen raid to see if
those seized documents really are
attorney-client confidential
communications so the judge is now
appointed a special master prosecutors
had been against that before but they
dropped their objections today so there
is a Special Master them dropping their
objections makes it seem to me like
prosecutors in this case are coming to a
conclusion that this whole
attorney-client privilege defense is not
going to be much of a problem for the
case they're building on Michael Cohen
that's how it seems to me are they right
hold that thought hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
