well today a senior advisor to the
president one of his most trusted
advisors told him we're running out of
time with federal prosecutors in New
York City closing in on the president's
lawyer Michael Cohen and an evidentiary
hearing today and with special
prosecutor Robert Muller figuratively
tightening the handcuffs
every day on Trump campaign chairman
Paul Manafort as Paul Manafort
approaches a trial in a few months and
with Rudy Giuliani apparently making no
progress with Robert Muller on Monday in
his first discussion with the special
prosecutor as one of Donald Trump's
defense lawyers and with the Trump White
House reaching crazier levels of chaos
than anyone ever imagined under the
Wrights Priebus run Trump White House of
this time last year the president's
trusted advisor had to tell him
something today that he has never told
this president before mr. Perry well
let's see what happened okay we're
running out of time Steve Doocy see your
advisor of the president who delivers
his advice every morning from his seat
on Fox and Friends advice that the
president almost always follows had to
tell the president we're running out of
time because even Steve Doocy could see
that the president's unhinged
performance as a caller to Fox in
friends at the 25th minute was the
performance of a man out of control
Steve Doocy and the president's two
other senior advisors on Fox and Friends
looked very worried about him this
morning they want the president to
succeed they want Donald Trump to
continue being president and look at how
worried they look for Donald Trump this
morning that is basically the way they
looked for almost every second of the 31
minutes that Donald Trump was haranguing
them and their audience this morning
Rupert Murdoch the creator and current
boss of Fox News wants the Trump
presidency to continue and so at minute
25 of the ranting of Donald Trump this
morning Rupert Murdoch had had more than
enough Rupert Murdoch who was one of the
guests at the first Trump White House
state dinner
this week with the president of France
told the Fox News control room to shut
it down and a director in the Fox News
control room then told Steve Doocy and
the other hosts of Fox & Friends to shut
this thing down as fast as they could
because it had clearly become a very
harmful appearance to Donald Trump the
president and to Donald Trump the
criminal suspect in the Mahler
investigation and to Donald Trump also
known as David Dennison in the stormy
Daniels case there's no other way the
President of the United States calling
into a cable news show would have been
told we're running out of time no
commercial is that important that you
would cut off the President of the
United States no producer or director of
a cable news show would have the
authority to cut off the President of
the United States that was a call that
had to be made at the top Rupert Murdoch
knew the president was going to be
calling in to Fox & Friends this morning
and so Rupert Murdoch who is an earlier
riser than I am for surely watching and
Rupert Murdoch watched the creature that
he created the man who never would have
squeaked out a win in the electoral
college without the full support of Fox
News the president who had Rupert
Murdoch at his first state dinner Rupert
Murdoch was watching that president sink
deeper and deeper into a public display
of madness and get himself deeper and
deeper into legal trouble which our
first guest tonight
Michael avenatti was already analyzing
live on Morning Joe on this network
while the president was still talking on
Fox News but Donald Trump couldn't be
stopped by Rupert Murdoch or Steve Doocy
as quickly as they hoped he kept talking
for a full three minutes after Steve
Doocy warned him we're running out of
time and the president's friends on Fox
and Friends stared into the camera where
they knew Donald Trump could see them
but they couldn't see him and they
looked straight at the man they couldn't
see filled with fear for him and what he
might say next they looked like worried
clinical psychiatrists staring at an
out-of-control
patient through a one-way mirror Donald
Trump sounded today like a man running
out of time he sounded like a man who
wants to stop time and he sounded like a
man desperately trying to get his story
straight
before he has to tell it under oath to
special prosecutor Robert Muller or to
Michael avenatti in a deposition about
stormy Daniels and today those two words
stormy Daniels proved just how frazzled
the President of the United States is
just how far Michael avenatti has pushed
him because today was the very first
time that the President of the United
States said the words stormy Daniels and
when he did all the lawyers closing in
on Donald Trump pounced on what he said
how much of your legal work was handled
by Michael Kohn well as a percentage of
my overall legal work at tiny tiny
little fraction but Michael would
represent me and represent me on some
things he represents me like with this
crazy stormy Daniels deal he represented
me and you know from what I see he did
absolutely nothing wrong if there were
no campaign funds going and why is he
pleading with a better problem
because he's got other things he's got
businesses and from what I understand
they're looking at his businesses and I
hope he's in great shape
Michael avenatti will give you his
reaction to that in our discussion in a
moment but while Michael avenatti was
still on Morning Joe and the president
was still on fox news enough of what the
President had said was delivered on
Morning Joe so that Michael avenatti
immediately pointed out that the
president was contradicting himself
saying on Fox News that Michael Cohen
represented him in this crazy stormy
Daniels deal but on Air Force One
he said this
Michael avenatti wasn't the only lawyer
who pounced in a letter delivered to
federal judge Kimbell Wood today just
before the hearing about the evidence of
Michael Cohen case federal prosecutors
quoted Donald Trump on Fox & Friends
this morning as supporting the
prosecutors claim that there is very
little material in what they seized from
Michael Cohen that is protected by
Michael Cohen's attorney-client
privilege with Donald Trump
the prosecutors letter says quote
President Trump reportedly said on cable
television this morning that Cohen
performs a tiny tiny little fraction of
his overall legal work in the hearing
today in the Cohen case with the
agreement of both sides the judge
appointed what is called a special
master essentially a referee who will
help decide what evidence if any is
protected by attorney-client privilege
and cannot be used by the prosecutors
the master is former federal judge
Barbara Jones who was chosen for her
judgeship by New York Senator Daniel
Patrick Moynihan and formally nominated
by President Bill Clinton she has been
in private practice as a defense
attorney in white-collar criminal cases
for the last five years and prior to her
career as a judge she was an assistant
US attorney in the Southern District of
New York where she served under
Republican and Democratic
administrations and worked for the most
prominent Republican US attorney Rudy
Giuliani and the most prominent
Democratic US attorney Mary Jo white
Michael avenatti rose to speak for a few
minutes in the middle of the hearing
today in judge kibble woods courtroom
saying quote we just effectively your
honor want a seat at the table by which
he meant he wanted to protect any
possible attorney-client privilege
issues that might arise for his client
stormy Daniels if she is mentioned in
some of Michael Cohen's seized
communications when Michael avenatti sat
down he received the best review the
judge offered for any of the lawyers
appearing before her today judge judge
Kimball would said I have difficulty
understanding any flaw in mr. a vanadis
position hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
