okay I'm gonna do something tonight I
have never done before might never do
again
I am going to recommend strongly
recommend that you watch in its entirety
all 31 minutes of donald trump on fox
and friends because clips of it cannot
do it just do it justice I've never
before recommended watching anything on
Fox News but Donald Trump spent 31
minutes this morning building his wall
you can watch him build it and it's not
the wall that he talked about in the
campaign it is a wall of madness that he
is building around himself and the tenth
minute of watching it is deeply
disorienting it's like nothing you've
ever seen but the 20th minute the 20th
minute is more than twice as bad and the
25th minute feels like an explosion
point which is why Fox News tried to
shut down the interview repeatedly
beginning at that 25th minute and so
find it online YouTube the Fox News
website wherever it is and treat
yourself to something historians will
watch 50 years from now because it is
one of the best views yet into the
workings of what's left in the mind of
the President of the United States
here is a sample just beginning with
Donald Trump's ten thousandth discussion
of his electoral college victory a year
and a half after his electoral college
victory
remember we won the election and we want
it easily you know a lot of people say
oh it was close no and and by the way
they also like to always talk about
electoral college well it's an election
based on the electoral college I would
rather have a popular election but it's
a totally different campaign it says
though you're running if you're a runner
you're practicing for the hundred-yard -
as opposed to the one-mile the electoral
college is different I would rather have
the popular vote because it's to me it's
much easier to totally different set of
goals as opposed to electoral college we
have an electoral college right I got
and she got what 223 so remember there
was no way to break 270 I heard that on
CBS and NBC at ABC they're all fake news
I heard that for so long right yeah then
but I heard that for so long there is no
way so what they're trying to do is
suppress the vote everyone goes home and
says you know I really like Donald Trump
but I've watched on the news and they
don't know it's fake news I've taught
them it's like this
I've watched on the news that he can't
win so let's go to a movie darling and
then we'll come home watching you'll
find out of the midterms whether they go
with the darling home to the or they'll
go to the movies if you know what
they're talking about on the darling and
the movie you're you're way better than
I am I don't think the woman in the
middle there who I've just been told is
Ainsley Earhardt I don't think she has
the vaguest idea what they're talking
about she is the most worried looking
psychiatric observer of Donald Trump
that we've ever seen on TV Donald Trump
talked to Fox & Friends this morning
about other cable news shows on other
networks like this one and he said this
sentence I don't watch them at all that
sentence was immediately followed
without a breath with the sentence I
watched last night you're gonna see this
in the moment and what you're gonna see
is utter madness in action at verbal
high speed I don't watch them at all
period I watched last night I don't
watch them at all is a pathological lie
which is exposed by Donald Trump's very
next sentence here is more of the most
dangerous mind in the history of the
American presidency
I don't watch them at all I wanted music
tonight I tell you what
I watched leaking lion called me last
night
and I did I did I hated to do it you
know one of the reasons people say
you're still looking good mr. president
how do you do it well one of the things
I've been able to do which is something
I never thought I had the ability I
would always watch when I was now
frankly I don't have time for to resist
is too much and I don't have time but I
would watch whether it's good or bad I
always watch I have an ability I don't
watch NBC anymore there is fantasy
and I don't and by the way I made them a
fortune with the apprentice think of
that one
I made him and I didn't water them no
but I made them a fortune right you
would think that these guys would treat
me great I made them a fortune so they
treat me horribly and they treat me
falsely but just one thing I don't watch
things that I can put it out of my mind
and I never ever thought that that would
be possible and you know what that does
it keeps you on the ball it keeps you
you keep your sanity sanity he actually
referred to the elephant in the room he
referred to the biggest elephant in
America Donald Trump's sanity the thing
most in doubt about Donald Trump his
sanity and you have to see this because
you might never see this again unless
Trump goes on Fox News again and Fox and
Friends hosts are trying to get the
President of the United States to shut
up and get off their show Justice
Department should be looking at that
kind of stuff
not the nonsense of collusion with
Russia there is no collusion with me and
Russia and everyone knows that every one
week we talk to you all day but it looks
like you have a million things to do
thank you so much and happy birthday -
Melania thank you very much Oh see you
next Thursday mr. president very nice in
the calling calling again sometime well
if we're lucky he will hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
