today Donald Trump called in to Fox News
and since it is 2018 this happened we
want to get to Kanye West he tweeted
that he loves you that you're his
brother and I have known Kanye a little
bit and I get along with Kanye but Kanye
looks and he sees black unemployment at
the lowest it's been in the history of
our country Kanye has enraged many of
his fans by hailing Trump and doubling
down when they criticized him for it now
he's facing a backlash from artists
including people unfollowing him online
and it spans music film and journalism
everyone from Drake to Eugene Scott
Kendrick Lamar Morgan Freeman and
Rihanna and some are dismissing this now
as another silly skirmish a non
travers√©e that's a mistake this story is
important for politics and culture and
it's the subject of my special report
tonight like many of today's most
searing cultural moments the kanye trump
bromance was immediately met with a
shaming backlash in fact before most
people had time to even process what
Kanye said our internet media machine
was drowning out his words with
criticism that Kanye even said these
words now the critiques range from
perfectly fair please don't use your
influence to legitimize Trump to the
vengeful like if you support my
political opponent you're now my enemy
regardless of your art or humanity to
the insensitive and inappropriate with
people speculating on mental health but
there's also some other dynamics at play
here Donald Trump actually has a long
and complex history with hip-hop
just as he infiltrated himself in other
parts of American culture that history
still matters and the response to this
episode shows how hard a time some
Democrats may have in taking on Trump in
these next two elections because this
fight is showing how overreacting to
Trump can backfire in other words even
if you put Kanye to the side the story
tonight is still that millions of
Americans are blasting an artist for
simply praising a president's style now
people have every right to take that
stance but is it thoughtful is it
tolerant and is it politically effective
so let's start at the beginning before
Kanye was trippin
the power many rappers did show Trump
love back when he was a celebrity
associated with money rappers name check
Trump constantly Ludacris touting
meetings with Trump Meek Mill saying he
had Trump numbers on the corner Obama
endorsed Serge's even used to plug Trump
hotels saying blasphemy I'm at the Trump
International asks for me a recent
Pulitzer Prize winner Kendrick Lamar
saying I don't want to be a dealer I
want to be a Trump and let's be clear
this went beyond casual shoutouts or
looking for words that rhyme with bump
some rappers were talking about wanting
to embody Trump Raekwon hailed himself
is the black Trump Young Jeezy told
people call me Donald Trump and all of
this reached it's basically bizarre end
point with up like Trump Rae sremmurd
2014 anthem showing people literally
partying wearing Trump masts Trump
wasn't a punchline originally in a rap
he was a kind of an aspiration so Kanye
is coming out of that history even if
he's now behind the curve and when
rappers showed Trump love he showed them
love back in fact in 2005 he personally
joined the rappers Lloyd Banks and Tony
Yayo in studio at g-unit radio people
smell the money and whether or not Trump
uses rap genius he knew he was in some
lyrics I'm in more of these rap songs
you know my daughter calls me up she
said dead you're in another one it's
like 10 of them more than 10 try over
200 that's according to account in 2016
and then Trump changed from a joke to a
birther to a divider and rappers began
confronting moments like these you are
not allowed to be a president you're not
born in this country he may not have
been born in this country but you also
had people that were very fine people on
both sides look why do you have to lose
you're living in poverty your schools
are no good
what are these NFL owners when somebody
disrespects our flag to say get that son
of a bitch off the field nowadays rap
references to Trump or more about those
moments
Kanye never got on board with that
particular change in this week's
critiques of Kanye are basically right
out of a Kanye song
hate the new Kanye the bad mood Kanye
the always rude Kanye spaz in the news
Kanye but if you look at what Kanye is
actually saying he's mostly focused on
Trump as a style on Trump as a media
innovator not policy he said that
explicitly when he told his fans after
the election he liked Trump's method of
communication while defending that he
was still Pro black lives matter and Pro
women
the great way of communication
so everyone upset about Kanye's tweets
this week this is something he said
right after the election and he had the
verb to say it in person to his own fans
some of whom were jeering in that clip
and I guess it's true screams from the
haters got a nice ring to it every
superhero really does need his theme
music but think about it it really was
that same attitude that also moved kanye
to confront President Bush in a way that
very few people in culture or politics
were willing to immediately do after
Katrina those are my people down at a
lot of the people that could help are at
war right now fighting another way and
they've given them permission to go down
and shoot us George Bush doesn't care
about black people to taking that risk
to say that make a difference George
Bush later said it stood out for him as
a low point of his presidency I didn't
appreciate it then I don't I don't
appreciate it now so other things say
this man's a racist I resent it it's not
true and there's one of the most
disgusting moments of my presidency you
know in a world of euphemism and people
hiding behind their screens Kanye stands
up it does not mean Kanye's right but
this is part of his brash artistry now
is there a difference between standing
up to Bush in that hurricane and
co-signing Donald Trump well many people
this week in politics and hip-hop are
saying obviously yes in fact it was the
rapper Uncle Murda who took on this very
contrast in his song wrapping up the
year in news he said damn yay the people
don't trust you Bush don't like black
people but you'd think Donald Trump do
don't meet with Donald Trump and talk
about us yay you ain't got the answers
just like you told sway a reference to
Kanye's famous refrain to the
interviewers sweat you got the answer
sway maybe sway didn't have the answers
maybe Kanye doesn't have the answers but
maybe none of us have all the answers
and when Kanye is defying the public's
attempt to tell him what to think right
or wrong we're in the place where art
and civics meet because a free society
does require space for freedom of
thought that can be endangered when
groups try to control the mind of the
individual even if the group has pretty
good ideas so let's reflect for a moment
on what Kanye actually wrote after this
backlash you don't have to agree with
Trump but the mob can't make me not love
him I love everyone he went on I don't
agree with everything everyone does
that's what makes us individuals and we
have the right to independent thought
you know love is one of those words like
respect there are people who use it
exclusively only for the people who earn
it and there are other people who say
they try to love and respect everyone
Kanye is an artist he's talking about
loving everyone including this president
and he built on this point late today
writing on Twitter it's really cool to
say I hate you but it's not cool to say
I love you love has a stigma and with
this president of course any public love
or praise is appreciated for a very
reason that Kanye observed long ago it
seemed we live in the American dream but
the people had stuff got the lowest
self-esteem the prettiest people do the
ugliest things the ugliest things I mean
while there's another Chicago artists
chance the rapper whose father actually
worked once for Obama and he's respond
to these Kanye Trump issues this week by
writing simply black people don't have
to be Democrats remember last year when
Eminem unleashed that blistering attack
on Trump and he swore off his own fans
if they were backing Trump there were
Trump critics who praised that rapper
for taking a financial hit for his
beliefs so we should ask does that only
work in one direction Kanye may be wrong
but he's speaking apparently his mind
regardless of profits
now when that Eminem video dropped the
rapper Talib Kweli told us how fans can
support artists that they never owned
them this is a miscommunication for a
lot of fans that if they buy your music
they have bought you and these fans do
not own Eminem
fans love the art and the culture the
fans don't control it Kanye West's
enraged many of his fans this
and if you listen to Kanye if you are a
fan for what he does and says then you
do know he's always been an iconoclast
he's been hailing aspects of Trump for
years and if you do go way back so have
some other people in hip-hop now let me
be clear I'm not saying that backing
Trump in 2018 has the moral political or
lyrical equivalence of shouting out
Trump in 2010 and I am NOT saying Kanye
West is right for all we know he's just
trippin off the power but I am saying
tonight some of Kanye's critics are
wrong
and this part is bigger than Kanye if
one's beef with Trump is that he's
intolerant and closed-minded and even
tribal it is worth checking whether he's
bringing out any of those same qualities
in us so yes debate Kanye but it's
pretty harsh for some people to cast him
as stuck in the infamous sunken place
the hypnotic state of black
marginalization depicted in that
excellent film get out and he his wife
were rebutting that this week she noted
he's out of the sunken place when he's
being himself and being very expressive
and if you take that paradigm and that
standoff then we are all left at an
impasse politically people opposed to
Trump's agenda demanding Kanye get out
of the sunken place they're basically
screaming so they're basically looking
at this and they're screaming wake up
mr. West that's the politics but life is
more than politics it's also culture and
art which relies on broader Minds so you
can yell wake up mr. West but when it
comes to art on that score Kanye is
saying he's already woke hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
