story tonight a bloodbath for Trump's in
battle environmental chief under fire
for allegations he's looting the
government for private perks did the
taxpayers spend thirty thousand dollars
for a security detail to accompany you
on the trip to Disneyland I'm unsure
about that those decisions that decision
was made by me yes or no did you
authorize him I didn't express that $43
that was appropriate okay you're not
gonna answer my question do you think
that that outside work at least creates
the appearance of a lack of bias I was
not aware of that outside contracting is
being reviewed for this illegal activity
will you or your staff be subject to
these penalties yes sir we are
investigating this internally well well
then I'm concerned that you have no idea
of what is going on in your name at your
agency the list of your of failures is
long and you're wasteful spending is an
embarrassment to government it was rough
now some people had enough of Pruitt's
evasions and tried a different tack than
direct questioning frank pallone who
helped lead these hearings staredown
Pruitt and told him he's basically unfit
to serve tip your barista because this
was a roasting I think your your actions
are an embarrassment to President Trump
so much for draining the swamp you were
unfit to hold public office if I were
the president I wouldn't want your help
I just get rid of you Jimmy now is that
congressman frank pallone Democrat from
New Jersey why did you decide to take
that tack and and roast mr. Pruitt to
his face well because there's been so
many scandals and and a conflicts of
interest that are directly impacting the
EPA's ability to function and you know
Scott Prue was saying well the president
wants me here because I'm carrying out
his agenda I don't think he's carrying
out anybody's agenda anymore I think
that he just is incapable even
functioning there now you know I've been
very critical the fact that he's been
tearing down all the environmental
protections but at this point I don't
know how the agency can even operate
with him at the helm because of all
these scandals and problems let's take a
look at something else substantive you
dug into which is the way that he's
allegedly retaliated against his own
staff yeah I mean basically you remove
the
head of the EPA office that found that
you did not face direct death threats
has it always been your practice to fire
people who disagree with you I mean the
congressman the Inspector General
himself has noted that the threats
you're not answering yes or no look six
staffers is a pattern I think you need
to start taking responsibility sir I
just wanted to make sure our viewers saw
that exchange before we get your
analysis so please help us understand
what you were getting at there well he
doesn't take responsibility for anything
he constantly blames his chief of staff
political appointees civil service
appointees anybody but himself and you
know what yeah we couldn't get any
answers really he refused to answer
anything and again if you're in charge
you're supposed to take responsibility
and say look this is a problem I'm gonna
fix it I'm gonna do something about it
in the city just denies everything and I
you know I tell you if it was anybody
else he would be out of there a long
time ago and I also was critical of the
Republicans on the committee because for
the most part you know they give him a
pass they they weren't really very
critical at all a congressman stay with
me you mentioned Republicans I want to
bring in an ethics expert and a former
Republican White House Ethics lawyer
Richard painter who's been listening in
what do you think's important about
today well the problem is that Scott
Pruett is in charge of one of the more
important agencies we have environmental
crises in this country and around the
globe with climate change we've got
President Trump trying to reopen a lot
of Mines that are gonna cause a lot of
damage to the environment and they are
repealing environmental regulations fast
and furious and what do we have we have
a administrator of the EPA who rents a
condo for $50 a night from an energy
lobbyist only paying the $50 when he
stays there clearly a gift from the
energy lobbyists what does the energy
lobbyists want deregulation so on top of
all of the waste of taxpayer money the
retaliation against
of ordinates that don't agree with him
and everything else we have somebody in
charge of Environmental Protection
Agency who is receiving gifts pay off
some people who want to destroy the
environment and at a time when our
country and the world we are an
environmental crisis this is a very very
troubling situation he ought to get
fired you lay it out I mean there's a
lot there congressman pallone I also
want to play
Pruitt's public comments which again
show a pattern of either misdirection or
outlet outright lying here he was
earlier with a different explanation of
some of these issues why did you go
around the president in the White House
to give pay raises to two staffers I did
not my staff did and I found out about
that yesterday and I changed it where up
the race not aware of the amount yes or
no did you authorize him their
delegations given him that authority
so that's yes what did you make of that
exchange Congress well first of all
you're asking me yes sir he he
contradicts himself completely the one
thing he did admit essentially today was
that he did authorize or at least was
aware of these raises and that's
different from what he said before so
clearly he you know wasn't telling the
truth before and and he did say today
that he was involved or was aware of it
so now we have him essentially lying
which you know is just another example
of why he's gotta go and Richard take a
listen as well to some of the
Republicans responding I thought this
was really striking which is why we want
to get it in having now laid out the
substance
I think viewers can see there are
serious questions about mismanagement
ethics whistleblower retaliation and the
looting of this agency for personal
perks now that's I don't see that really
as left right but this was the response
of some Republicans saying there's
nothing here it's political or even
quote-unquote McCarthyism this has been
a lot of a classic display of any window
and McCarthyism you're not the first
person to be the victim
for lack of a better term Washington
politics it appears that it's become a
political bloodsport to try to destroy
anybody associated with the Trump
administration Richard are those valid
defenses no just a bunch of lap dogs for
a Donald Trump and I'm sure they're
getting plenty of campaign contributions
from the same energy companies who are
the lobbyists to renting in the room $50
a night for mr. Pruit I mean this is
just embarrassment it's an embarrassment
for the Republican Party that stood up
for protection of the environment under
Teddy Roosevelt established the EPA at a
President Richard Nixon this is why I
don't want to have anything to do with a
Republican party anymore I mean they're
just much lapdogs they're not doing
anything they're not exercising their
duty set forth in the Constitution they
have an obligation to exercise oversight
over this executive branch and doing
nothing at all for political reasons
they're probably gonna all get the boot
or a problem in the fall hey there are
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
