or enjoy my kitty Fang MSNBC legal
analyst and Julia Ainsley NBC national
security and justice correspondent both
of you are experts I think just I'm a
regular generalist and I have CI just
watched a guy this morning say I don't
know the guy Katie it was unbelievable
he said he's on business all on his own
another way this business is about I
know what it is I don't have tiny bit of
thing with him oh yeah he did help me
was thumbing he looks to if I were
Michael Cohen I don't know what it's
like to be my co card but I know what
it's like to be in this morning at 7:30
watching Fox and Friends you're watching
the guy you've been supported for
hoarding you're devoted to for years you
love and he's just disowned you and said
I don't even really know the guy Katie
so even a dog knows the difference
between when it's tripped over and when
it's being kicked and I think Michael
Cohen got a swift kick this morning
during that tiring that Trump went on on
Fox and Friends
but what's legally damning about what
happened this morning is exactly what
you pointed out as we let into the
segment which is on April 5th on Air
Force One Donald Trump says I have no
idea about this $130,000 payment to
stormy Daniels and today on national
television he announces that not only
Michael Cohen represented him in this
crazy star may Daniel's deal but that he
knew about it and so Donald Trump just
walked himself into a chair to sit for a
deposition in at a minimum the stormy
Daniels lawsuit Allen California and
then he also showed why if you're
Rudolph Giuliani you got to be nervous
the man has no discipline give the man a
muzzle how is he gonna sit with Muller
and go through an interview when he
implicates himself in the stormy Daniels
lawsuit this morning on Fox and Friends
I mean the guy has no discipline he is a
terrible client if I was his lawyer I
would let him anywhere near Muller and
frankly also Michael Cohen got in
trouble with the Southern District
because now Trump says he does a tiny
little little bit fraction of my legal
work and Cohen was relying upon that
attorney-client privilege as a shield in
terms of the attorney-client privilege
review of his documents so you're
Michael Cowan Joey and last week you're
getting kisses blown at ya from the
president estates which is good beaches
gonna look out for you he used to tell
your friends I got nothing to worry
about he's gonna look out but the boss
is gonna look out for me this wins week
the capo the boss just says I don't even
know you right I don't even
you in fact you don't know how they do
you think tiny things for me and we know
from mo that Michael's been dealing with
all the women problems he's had over the
years that's his job you know that's his
job the fixer
yeah now how's the fixer gonna stick
with him isn't this guy gonna go running
through those revolving doors right into
mowers hands now and say look at least I
got one guy looking out for me keep me
out of jail
well this is the same language that we
saw when Trump was talking about Paul
Manafort when you talk about Michael
Flynn they start off as people who were
very close to him he says he's a good
guy and then he starts to really try to
make the work that he did for them
infinitesimally he tries to diminish all
of this that doesn't keep the guy close
it doesn't keep him close it seems like
he's trying to play the short game to
control the short narrative but he's not
looking at the long game of what this
could mean it could be also if you're
reading the tea leaves here and it might
be getting a little ahead of ourselves
but he might be worried the Coens gonna
flip well here's I'm saying tonight
wouldn't you if you were one of my
Robert mowers people Kate I've come to
trust you alive this analysis call up
mr. Cohen Thea did you see your friend
this morning did you see how he
separated himself from you did you see
him dump on you and say you're nothing
but a guy that does little teeny things
for him and has a lot of business
problems and you don't know what about
but you hope you'll get through them I
mean he is pushing you away you better
come to us for protection Katie they're
gonna play that aren't you sure the
federal prosecutors in the Southern
District New York action are gonna do it
as well as the Muller team they're
basically to say look we gave you
everything we could possibly give you
for you to be able to flip and how has
he not incentivized now the Trump is
publicly renounced him on television not
to mention the fact that he's been doing
it for a number of weeks so think about
what Michael Cohen has at play right now
he has an opportunity to deal and if you
can deal right now and you can strike
something that's gonna endure to his
benefit I would be doing that if Michael
Cohen and now a special masters been
appointed by Judge wood and that
Southern District of New York case that
special masters gonna be like there's
nothing privileged here this guy doesn't
really have law clients and so
everything's gonna be turning over to
the federal prosecutors
if I were Michael Cohen I would be
knocking on the door of everybody saying
yeah copy a deal
Debra watch Michael come on the way does
those walk bys he's like checking out
everybody in the crowd checking out them
check
him out it's so interesting looking for
opportunities all the time this guy's
the way he operates anyway according to
media reports how eyes close to
President Trump and Michael Cohen him
privately speculated that Cohen might
cooperate with federal officials
investigating him today The Wall Street
Journal is reporting that sign of mr.
Cohen's state of mind he has in recent
months privately groused about being
excluded from White House posts
he believed he deserved according to one
source mr. Cohen once told mr. a
president Trump boss I miss you so much
I I wish I was down there with you it's
really hard for me to be here the guy's
crying he's dead he's dying for a job he
never got Trump pushed him treat him
like it like it some kind of canine
figure that helped him but never deserve
to be brought into the house with him I
think Chris there's a lot we could pull
apart about this relationship but I
think what's also really important in
this interview is that things that this
means for this case and the fact that
the president said no campaign funds
were used in this 130 thousand dollar
payment that now sounds like okay well
then you do know where this money came
from mr. president and they of course
like Katie said contradicts what he said
on April 5th so it shows that Trump
knows a lot more about this and he's led
on and he also attacked Michael Cohen
for wanting to plead the fifth that
could be a tool that Trump himself may
want to use it on the road okay yeah
this legal term liberal is a
conservative as a liberal his mug last
night and the liberal as a conservative
who was arrested last night these guys
now love the fifth amendment they love
not testifying in their own defense they
like all the techniques of a person
seeking not to be prosecuted in a
criminal case right occasionally and so
to fit them yes so the fifth amendment
that used to be what you could throw at
Hillary Clinton and all the people that
were affiliated with her now suddenly is
the tool de jour for people that are
close to Donald Trump and that are
looking at possible indictments but the
Fifth Amendment is an evil evil wicked
thing to use it can come back to bite
you and it's not to be used without some
care so Michael Cohen now that he's
announced he's gonna invoke his Fifth
Amendment right against
self-incrimination needs to be careful
in terms of how he approaches using that
sword because he thinks it's gonna
shield him but in the end it's probably
not and it does in the minds of most
people right left and center suggests
some crime
behind the whole thing you might not
want to associate you with Thank You
Katie Fang as always join Ainslie you
guys are great
I mean hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
