anger it's been a central tenet of
Donald Trump's campaign as well as his
presidency of course he has frequently
could channeled his supporters rage
toward people or groups that he sees as
his political enemies some of whom were
targeted by today's bombs crooked CNN
CNN is so disgusting
CNN's fake news that questions from see
anything CNN is fake news I don't take
questions from since you can have the
biggest story about Hillary Clinton I
mean look at what she's getting away
with but let's see if she gets away with
it
let's say you know who that new leader
is Maxine Waters
very low IQ it's become radical
resistance you ever see their signs
resist they say what are you going to
resist I don't know they'll go to a
person holding a son who gets paid by
Soros or somebody right that's what
happens
President Obama along with Brennan and
flapper and the whole group that you see
on television now probably getting paid
a lot of money by the networks they knew
about Russia's attempt to interfere in
the election in September and they
totally burned it anyway in moments ago
John Brennan of one of the intended
targets of the bombs intercepted today
spoke about it for the first time let's
listen it's very important for an
individual who is in the Oval Office
today to say exactly that that we need
to come together as a country we need to
unite we may have differences but this
should be no reason whatsoever to resort
to these types of acts of intimidation
and potentially violence I sincerely
wish that Donald Trump though would have
said these things previously and
regularly I wish that he would have
encouraged people from all different
backgrounds and political affiliations
to come together well for more I'm
joined by near a tenant president CEO
for the Center for American Progress in
John fury a GOP strategist John this is
a problem I think because it looks to me
like the target list here is the usual
suspects of the president's harangues
will say twist well first of all thank
God none of those bombs went off and
people are safe that that's the number
one thing thank God that happened the
second thing I know it's fashionable to
jump to conclusions but I'd rather not
jump into conclusions till we know
precisely why the person who did this
did this I remember when I was working
in the Capitol and we had anthrax yeah
and there's all kinds of conclusions we
still don't know who did the anthrax
thing but I mean also wasn't working in
the Capitol when we had a crazy man come
in and shoot up our office when I work
for Tom DeLay so being a public servant
is a very difficult job and it's been
difficult and dangerous for a while I
think that Trump did the right thing by
speaking out and I think he needs to
continue to speak out in each rally
because I think this will become
important for the q don't see a pattern
in this list of course you see a pattern
for the list
what was the motivation for the person
someone unhinged someone crazy I think
was someone who's crazy I don't know why
what their motivation was and I'd like
to get to the bottle I think the
question is where'd they get their list
from and it seems they get it for the
president well we don't we don't know
well that list is the president's list
do you not see a connection between all
the people Donald Trump targets with his
rhetoric all the people you're targets
and this and everyone who's received a
piper I'm two presidents a former
Secretary of State and then people like
Maxine Waters and John Brennan and
George Soros like who would even know
who those people are if it weren't for
Donald Trump
tapped targeting them in his speeches
day after day anybody anybody who
watches two television knows that
because Donald Trump attacks them they
get less attention because Donald Trump
attacks them I mean we do have to get to
the bottom of it instead of jumping to
conclusions I'd like to have an
investigation find out why can't you
condemn what the president's record has
been why can't you just say his rhetoric
has been wrong I think it's dividing
Americans I think I think that's just it
I think the rhetoric on both sides has
been kicking when they're done which I'm
sorry I have to say I take this kind of
personally because I know people who
were targeted for murder today but I
have to say the idea that you're going
to both sides is ridiculous let's take a
look not a whole group of Republicans
who've been targeted for murder
well Steve Scalise was targeted for
murder yes I was killed that was
terrible no political leader spoke out
saying let's go let's go call Steve
Scalise a terrible monster it was a
terrible thing that happened and
everyone does it including Democrats
can't do it
well last week the president of
President Trump attacked Eric Holder
Hillary Clinton and Maxine Waters for
being part of the Democratic mob that's
losing it this is very recent news this
is what the press said very recently
let's listen to him the Democrats don't
like being called an angry mob but
really that's what they become when you
listen to Eric Holder talking about
kicking megalo weekend or Hillary
Clinton saying what she said which was
so horrible you cannot be civil they
just
don't see it Maxine Waters constantly
day in and day out ranting and raving
they're losing it and they shouldn't be
what do you think of that YouTube
because it looked at me like that was
tit-for-tat with the president leading
this song go ahead your thoughts Nero I
guess the fact that we have a rally
tonight where the president's supporters
after today are chanting lock her up and
the politician stands in front of them
and Kant doesn't have the common decency
to say stop to that group of people
after what happening for a Senate noise
car exactly what did you make of those
comments by the former Secretary of
State Hillary Clinton by her hold her
they said base they get in there and you
know somebody who's on this show the
other day someone has wit said to me
when you fight with Trump on his own
language using that kind of language
huge realistic language the tough guy
street corner language you walk into
what's called the insect light that
little thing that catches mosquitoes you
walk into that and you get in the same
world he is and you won't want to be in
the argument but I'm saying to you the
argument that when your values are under
attack you need to defend them with
everything you believe it is different
it's kick it's different from saying
Nazi ladders is a low person with tons
of people directly I have to say it's
ridiculous that were you said you were
agreeing they were equal I just asked do
you think it's smart on the Democrats to
talk back to Trump that way I'm sorry
the idea that we're talking about this
at all when these things happen it's
great of what Trump wants well well it's
not what we're talking we're talking
about the bombings today to be honestly
absolutely but you're eating this
language or saying it's similar my first
boss was a guy named Bob Michel who was
a guy who said we can disagree without
being disagreeable I think the sad thing
is everyone is exceedingly disagreeable
and I think it's on both sides I think
Trump has been out of line on many many
occasions I've said that on many
occasions I think on the other side
we've seen these mobs ago I think you
shouldn't you should be able to eat in a
restaurant with being shouted at have
your your leftovers taken and thrown on
the ground I mean that kind of stuff is
intimidation and an intimidation on both
sides and it's bad for da
see and it's got a we got to knock it
off sure you know what I agree
like saying it not being nice to people
in a restaurant is bad but the idea that
we're actually in the same breath
equating not being nice to a person in a
restaurant and people getting pipe bombs
sent to them is we're getting shot and
part of what is really upsetting but you
know I guess we we're all in a moral
time here well let me explain what I
think is going on when you get into this
kind of food fight this the personal
name-calling and turbo but most then
aside the president him doing it and
then the other side jumps in and tries
to imagine which never works little
Marco to the tortoise side and you're
getting that like then people out there
who aren't is mentally stable or not as
good people they think okay it's okay to
do this horrible thing of bombing I
don't think it's the same nobody thinks
it's that you don't either
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
