finally in case you missed it last week
we told you all about president Trump's
history lessons and all those things
people don't know many people don't know
a lot of people don't know people don't
know a lot of people didn't know what
people don't realize a lot of people
don't realize people don't know most
people don't know a lot of people don't
know well today President Trump added
another thing to the list of things a
lot of people don't know people don't
realize you know if you go back to the
Civil War was the Republicans that
really did the thing the thing a lot of
people don't realize the Republicans did
the thing and you know who was the most
responsible for the thing apparently it
was the guy you remember the guy the guy
is still very famous even today a lot of
people don't know that the guy gave
famous speeches including one at the
place you probably remember learning
that in school the guy stood up in front
of all the people at the place and said
all the stuff about the thing so we
think by the thing the president meant
the abolition of slavery I mean I guess
it's possible he meant the thing from
the thing anyway I employee mr.
president be a little more specific for
us American history
you deserve the accuracy and it does
help us teach our kids a little
something because people don't know that
just ask Fredrick Douglass who's done an
amazing job people are talking about it
you know with the thing hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
