tonight I'm obsessed with president
Trump's obsession with the Fifth
Amendment to the Constitution now the
amendment says in part that no person
quote shall be compelled in any criminal
case to be a witness against himself
this is the classic protection against
self-incrimination it's also an
important protection but in popular
culture pleading the fifth has often
been equated with guilt which brings us
to president Trump's lawyer Michael
Cohen who's decided to plead the fifth
in the stormy Daniels lawsuit which
brings us further to all of the things
President Trump has said about what it
means to plead the fifth when you have
your staff taking the Fifth Amendment
taking the fifth so they're not
prosecuted I think it's disgraceful if
you're not guilty of a crime what do you
need immunity for pleading the fifth
amendment amendment taking the fifth
amendment the fifth amendment in the
Fifth Amendment Fifth Amendment Fifth
Amendment Fifth Amendment horrible you
see the mob takes if it if you're
innocent why are you taking the Fifth
Amendment have you ever seen anything so
corrupt in your life have you ever seen
a greater embarrassment to our country
Fifth Amendment do I think president
Trump revealed his real feelings about
what it means to invoke the Fifth
Amendment's protection against
self-incrimination I plead the fifth hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
