joining me now is one of the reporters
who obtained that audio it's New York
Times chief national correspondent for
The Magazine mark Leibovich mr. Lee rich
welcome back
Chuck good to be here so to think it was
Luther Strange's unpopularity that
somehow motivated the President to
reignite a fire that sort of blew up in
the face and was interesting about this
meeting is it was meant to sort of I
guess rip the band-aid off between
players and owners what did it turn into
well I mean look this happened you know
within like you said weeks of President
Trump just sort of belly flopping into
this contained pool of player protests
and just you know sending ripples in all
direction Roger Goodell the Commissioner
of the NFL called together a group of
about 10 owners 10 pretty outspoken
players and they wanted to sort of talk
about the way forward talk about how to
focus on positive things you know make
make make contributions to the community
and so forth and what was striking and
listening to an audio tape of it after
president after Commissioner Goodell
said that this should remain
confidential was the degree to which two
elephants in the room just kept coming
up one President Trump there was this
group of billionaire owners many of them
you know donated the president from
we're just obsessed with how do we stop
him how afraid of him afraid I mean let
me let me put one quote up to sort of
underscore this issue here's Robert
Kraft young a Patriots eats dinner with
them at mar-a-lago the problem we have
is we have a president who will use the
kneeling as fodder to do his mission
that I don't feel is in the best
interest of America it's divisive it's
horrible he summed up this feeling of
just fearing Trump the Eagles owner
Jeffrey Lurie we we've got to be careful
not to be baited by Trump or whomever
else we have to find a way not to be
divided and to get baited so owners were
the ones obsessed with Trump ya know I
mean the more striking one Terry Pegula
the owner of the Buffalo Bills or the
Buffalo Bills said you know I don't know
what he's gonna do next how do we stop
we need a plan we need to rip the we
need we need a band-aid for this thing
so that was one elephant trump and if
Trump you know read this story or sees
this transcript he will be thrilled but
no right at this club that would not
have him as a member is you know
secretly talking about him the other
thing is just colin kaepernick remains
this this just this cause celeb obvious
for the players for the players yes yes
they said okay we can do all this happy
talk you can talk about money you're
gonna give to the community and so forth
why doesn't this guy have a job I think
we all agree Chris long of eagles said
we all agreed he should be playing in
the NFL owner sort of uncomfortably if
you have nodded but no one said anything
and the guy doesn't have a team anymore
you know what's interesting to me about
this is that Pete Rozelle and Paul
Tagliabue and I don't know Goodell may
have tried this I would have gotten the
sense that one of the commissioners what
I said you know what I know an owner
that I'll handle this I'll get Andy I
think a lot of us assumed it would have
been the Ravens owner that he had sort
of that that community would be more
open to having collar captain Colin
Kaepernick on that team that the a good
Commission or strong Commissioner would
have essentially ordered an owner to
sign Kaepernick and shut this down
Goodell try that and he doesn't have
that sway it's in if he doesn't have
that sway he I mean he would sweat say
that these are 32 individually run
private businesses and and even the
owners in many cases don't have this way
I mean they they give a lot of their
power all their power as far as put
football personnel of their coaches and
general managers I think in this case
you know there are there aren't I mean
Colin Kaepernick couldn't play for more
than a handful of NFL teams just because
of the because of the political climate
of the team of the market at the market
and the Seattle Seahawks have shown
quite a bit of interest say you look at
Seattle right I would have that's why I
throw in Baltimore there yes they've had
he's had discussions with both I mean
yeah Seattle basically I mean they were
gonna have him in for a tryout a couple
weeks ago but there was a subsequent
discussion where they said are you gonna
kneel and he didn't commit to it unclear
what that conversation that's what's
been weird here is that so both the
Seahawks and the Ravens both flirted
with the idea of bringing confident they
backed away and both signed
african-american quarterbacks that had
basically not been able to get a job
less qualified than Kaepernick in this
Robert Griffin the third with the Ravens
right and I believe Stephen Morris of
the sea I know him University of Miami
guy I loved him I'm glad that he's got a
good eye to please you Chuck this was it
but it's already obvious that there that
Kaepernick has been blackballed they
have to fix it is I mean I think but
they would say and and I think this is a
defensible position that this is a
backup quarterback this is a quarterback
that we believe has declining skills
it's unclear how badly he wants to play
it's unclear what kind of shape he's in
and of course they don't know that
because they're not bringing me for
tryouts however they don't know is it
worth all the baggage he would bring to
have a backup quarterback do this is
this unfixable because the owners are
just generationally out of touch in the
NFL the NBA
owners are all about a generation young
you you yes I think that's a big problem
I think as a collective if you listen to
these owners you know on this tape I'm
knob viously every owner is different
but there are some people here that
you're listening to and I won't name
names but because people can you know
make their own determinations who are
not I mean the kind of people you want
making you know decisions on on sort of
let's just say they're culturally
uninformed but it's not just
generational I mean Dan Rooney the the
iconic owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers
who passed away a year ago he's in the
Hall of Fame NFL Hall of Fame he was
President Obama's ambassador to Ireland
lifelong Republican just an icon in the
community had a great deal of respect
from everyone he's someone who in a
position who could have done some this
is going to bubble up again in the
season isn't it I think your players
just until they signed Kaepernick until
they signed Kaepernick and there will be
a perhaps growing generation of
next-generation Kaepernick's I mean Eric
Reid his teammate who's a five year
starter for the 49ers he didn't have a
team he's a free agent
he's not getting tryout he had one
tryout for the Cincinnati Bengals the
owner Mike Brown very conservative said
you're not going to kneel right and he
didn't commit and he hasn't been signed
yet
so W others football season begins in
the fall 2018 as a campaign year hey NFL
good luck hey my books coming out
political footballs there you go but the
good news for you is you have a book
coming out during all of this now let's
do the mock draft now right we'll do
that after a brief anywhere kitc thank
you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
