Danny Cevallos who was at the courthouse
today for the michael cohen case he's
gonna clear up a couple of things so
Danny let me start with Special Master
other than the the phrase and the name
could get quickly abused by our friends
of the New York Post but explain that
the Special Master being named today
about a month earlier than we thought it
would happen what does that mean why is
it important and and what does that mean
for the timeline and investigation the
Special Master represents a middle
ground a compromise between the parties
recall that Cohen and Trump had asked
for their own lawyers their own team to
review these documents for privilege and
then give them back to the government
not likely to happen given that the very
reason they got a search warrant was
because they probably didn't trust Cohen
and Trump to review these documents on
the other hand the government wanted a
filter team there are two own attorneys
to review the documents for privilege so
in a sense the judge found middle ground
in appointing a special master who is a
neutral third party you could call this
a victory for Cohen and Trump because
the default position is to allow the
government's filter team to review and
take that first pass at documents I go
to how long before the federal
government gets its hands and the
documents that the Special Master says
it can look at it's a well at this point
the government says they are moving
along they're making a lot of progress
they expect that they have gigabytes not
terabytes of data so they are they have
about it they say a banker's box I
believe of documents that they're going
to provide but it's a rolling provision
those are their words rolling provision
of dollars so the minute they approve
they get hint immediately hand it to the
feds
the exact no not the not Cohen I'm
talking about the the federal government
the master no what I'm saying is the
minute the Special Master approves a
document you say it's rolling
immediately that document goes it's not
like they have to do the entire review
first no I was talking about the
government seizing the documents they
will provide the Special Master how one
Special Master will review each and
every document even using technology
assisted review or ta are
it remains to be seen and it may take a
significant period of time given that
there are at least thousands of
documents out there I want to ask you
about an interesting development with
the president he went to great lengths
today to insist that Cohen is primarily
a businessman not a lawyer take a listen
and let me ask you about that
development on the other side Michael is
in business he's really a businessman a
fairly big business as I understand it I
don't know his business but this doesn't
have to do with me Michael is a
businessman he's got a business he also
practices law I would say probably the
big thing is his business and they're
looking at something having to do with
this business I have nothing to do with
this business I can tell you he's got
other things he's got businesses and
from what I understand they're looking
at his businesses and I hope he's in
great shape what he's got businesses we
did not make that up we didn't add like
repeat phrases of him say that is how
that went down today obviously it's
pretty important to the president that
one he make it clear he doesn't know
much about Cowen's businesses but how
about the fact that he claimed he was
more of a businessman and the lawyer
doesn't that undermine Cohen's case on
attorney-client privilege people today
focused on Trump's words that Cohen
handles a tiny tiny percentage of trumps
legal services but also maybe even more
important is Trump's assertion that
Michael Cohen mostly doesn't practice
law but that he's a businessman
primarily privileged attorney-client
privilege does not attach to just casual
conversations between an attorney and a
client it doesn't necessarily attach to
business advice it has to be created it
has to attach under very specific
circumstances and if if there was not a
legal advice or services provided by
Cohen and instead business advice then
there may be no privilege so Trump is
undermining his his own claim of
privilege every time he calls Cohen a
businessman all right Danny Cevallos
thank you for giving us your legal
expertise there now I'm going to turn it
over to the panel and they're gonna have
a little political fodder with it thank
you sir
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
