but Michael would represent me and
represent me on some things he
represents me like with this crazy
stormy Daniels deal he represented me
and you know from what I see he did
absolutely nothing wrong there were no
campaign funds going and why is he
pleading would have had a problem
because he's got other things he's got
businesses and from what I understand
they're looking at his businesses and I
hope he's in great shape but he's got
businesses and his lawyers probably told
him to do that but I'm not involved and
I'm not involved and I've been told I'm
not involved
let's bring in Michael avenatti stormy
Daniels attorney I am just dying to hear
what you think of the president's entire
appearance on Fox and Friends but let's
take it one step at a time first the
president's comments about I mean you
were right again he he did have
knowledge of the payment to your client
well Nicole I mean this was another
another gift from the heavens I just I
don't know how we lucked into such such
great fortune but the president
continues to help us in this case on a
daily if not hourly basis between him
and his band of merry men that he
surrounded himself with this is a very
damaging admission for mr. Trump there's
no question about that I'm actually kind
of hopeful that he goes on Fox and
Friends every morning from here on out
of the case it directly contradicts what
he told us on Air Force One it directly
contradicts what Michael Cohen has said
in the past it directly contradicts what
Michael Cohen's lawyer David Schwartz
went around to megyn kelly and others
and stated I mean this is a devastating
admission we are obviously very pleased
by it it's consistent with what we've
predicted and our case gets stronger and
stronger by the day Michael Cohen taking
the fifth what's the significance of
that I don't think the significance can
be overstated Nicole it's the first time
in in this country's history that the
attorney for the President of the United
States not a recent attorney but you
know Michael Kohn represented mr. Trump
for 10 or 12 years
it's the first time that such an
attorney has pled the fifth and stated
that if he answered questions the
answers might incriminate himself I mean
it's nothing short of staggering and and
people should be very upset by it the
American people I think are starting to
see through what happened here and we're
starting to see the first cracks if you
will we're not going to stop until the
dam completely breaks and the truth the
whole truth and nothing but the truth
are known to the American people I know
that you have a new filing in the
Southern District and I want to get to
the legal developments but I've noticed
a change in your tone toward mr. Cohen
and I wonder as the body of reporting
has been filled in in the New York Times
over the weekend about how badly mr.
Cohen was treated by mr. Trump Wall
Street journey Journal has a piece out
today saying that Cohen had been
complaining to associates about being
left behind in New York and about the
presidents at the time failure to repay
him I wonder if you had any sense of the
the actual state of the Kohen Trump
relationship at an earlier point before
they were public in these accounts and I
wonder if you can just you know are you
worried about mr. Cohen in any way well
I am worried about mr. Cohen and his
ability that would stand this amount of
stress and pressure I mean as a human
being as a man as a father I'm concerned
about that I'm concerned for his kids
and his family quite honestly I mean
these are very trying times for him and
you know he's put himself in this
position there's no question about that
and he's gonna have to pay a very very
steep price for it I think he already is
you know I think that with time he's
going to come to learn really what what
happened to him is is largely his
response a responsibility no question
but that mr. Trump bears also some
significant responsibility you know mr.
Trump's aptitude of treating people
around him like dirt and demanding
loyalty but not giving any loyalty back
I think sooner or later is going
catch up to him and I think we are on
the doorsteps of it catching up to him
in a very very big and painful way so
let me ask you about the the
significance of the two admissions from
the president we talked about
acknowledging the payment the other
seemed to be acknowledging that Cohen
really did operate as a fixer not as an
attorney what's the significance in your
view of that admission in terms of
what's going on in court about how much
of the material seized in the FBI raid
should be protected and privileged by
turning client privilege well generally
the attorney-client privilege only
protects those communications that are
in furtherance of providing legal
services or advice so if mr. Cohen and
mr. Trump were communicating on matters
that were unrelated to mr. Cohen
providing legal advice and it sounds
like that was the vast vast majority of
their communications then those
communications would not be privileged
and mr. Trump could not prevent federal
authorities or others from discovering
them now Nicole I think the most
shocking or surprising thing to come out
of the hearing today that I just
returned from was that my understanding
is is that in connection with the raids
that the FBI conducted at mr. Cohen's
house the hotel room and the office they
seized somewhere in the neighborhood of
16 cellphones including a couple
BlackBerry's now I don't know about you
but the last time I had a blackberry was
some time ago so what that says
blackberry but yes I hear you yeah I
used to love mine too but that was about
ten or twelve years ago so what that
tells me is is that Michael Cohen had
the propensity when he changed phones to
keep his old phone put it in a drawer or
in a box or something of that nature
that could prove to be very very
problematic for mr. Cohen and those
around him because the FBI will be able
to image those devices and obtained
likely a treasure trove of evidence text
messages and the like and you have a new
filing in the Southern District tell us
about that development and what your
legal objective is with that we made a
formal motion to intervene that's what
they call it and that basically is a
formal motion asking that we be given a
seat
the table as it relates to this document
review that's going on in the Southern
District of New York the basis for that
is that we have substantial reason to
believe that documents that belong to my
client including attorney-client
privileged documents were transmitted or
provided to mr. Cohen and subsequently
seized in the FBI raids we're hopeful
that we're going to be able to work that
issue out with the parties in that case
and that the motion will be granted and
that we will be given access to the
documents at issue let me ask you one
thing in light of today's developments
you've said on our air before that you
believe you'll eventually have an
opportunity to depose mr. Cohen this is
taking the fifth rule that out does that
mean you won't have that opportunity or
could you depose them in a civil matter
because that only protects you in a
criminal matter I think that we still
will have an opportunity to depose him
at may his pleading of the fifth may
change the order of the depositions it
may actually advance the president's
deposition we have yet to see frankly
mr. Cohen has to invoke the fifth on a
question by question basis formally in
order to assert the right so I don't
think it's going to have a huge impact
on our ability to depose him in
connection with the civil case and you
still believe and I got in a lot of
trouble over saying you're no bob muller
you're making me regret those words
every day but you still believe you'll
you'll some point to pose the president
your case as well I'm working every day
to make you regret those words and I'm
confident we're gonna win the war all
right well Michael avenatti thank you
for keeping us posted hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
