so in the last couple of minutes we have
to show you something it is a quick
interview you will only see here with
senator Jon Tester the top Democrat on
the Veterans Affairs Committee you know
President Trump put him on blast earlier
this morning as we talked about about
fifty minutes ago on this show saying
that tester will have a big price to pay
in Montana call and testers actions
about Ronnie Jackson the now former pick
to lead the VA politically motivated
watch this tester with MSNBC's Garrett
Haake it's not political I am focused on
making sure that we have the best person
possible to run the VA it's a very very
important agency we've been at war for
17 years our veterans deserve to have
what what they were promised and the VA
secretary is so critically important so
I look forward to getting a person in
that position that's thoroughly vetted
and that has leadership abilities and a
vision for the VA that's going to push
back against the folks who are going to
privatize the VA so we can get a VA that
really meets the needs of our veterans
so tests are they're saying they are
looking to get somebody into that
position who has been thoroughly vetted
president Trump himself hinting he does
know who he wants now to be his next
pick to lead the VA he wouldn't say who
but he said that person has quote
political capabilities hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
