listen um we're going home we leave now
don't go tearooms go straight to the
parking garage
has something happened but you're
predicted all the changes in Washington
I've been recalled here that's that's
still security advisor anymore
I said recall not far new president
wants to consult with me he also said I
must invite you in general your couch in
Washington to continue our discussions
there I like that this is Saul Berenson
get her in the van
police escort is waiting outside plane
is standing by don't thank me yet
oh my gosh look this Sunday season
finale of homeland can you believe that
no joining us now Tony and Emmy Award
winning actor Mandy Patinkin who stars
in the hit spy drama on Showtime one of
the thrills I watch TV and it's
incredible well good to see you this
season is so timely so I actually went
back and I started playing Miko you know
the first three or four episodes of this
season and we stumbled across the scene
where the old KGB agent was talking to
now if any and so we just don't do this
we don't you know their deaths on
American soil and that same day we'd
been talking about what the Russians had
done in Britain right once again
homeland lines up with what's going on
the front pages of newspapers right
right right
well I always say to people you know
people say where are our writers
prescient and my feeling is no they just
wake up in the morning and they listen
to your show and other things like it
and what the whole world is quite aware
of and you don't need to be Einstein to
figure out what tweets coming next or
who's gonna do what where it's we've
been living with it it's it's right in
front of our face right face and great
writing this season also where you start
with the president and anybody watching
would be rooting against a president
that sweeps up 200 people arrests them
then halfway through the season you
start thinking well maybe I'm cheering
for I mean they'd the
the viewers have been taken on a ride
this in a great way
right right right well I don't know what
to say about that it's it's very
mercurial the real world our world in
our fictional homeland is equally
mercurial my concern given that we're a
fictional state not a non fictional
state in homeland
I always campaigned for our writers to
create a possibility a moral for us as a
nation and people watch it all over the
globe a global audience that can give us
some optimism and hope about how we as
citizens of the world might operate
ourselves and what we might expect
i I'm hoping for an optimistic ending to
this season I guarantee you there will
be I don't know if you'll define it as
optimistic but certainly of a moral
nature and a suggestion of possibility
that I think is our job in in the
non-fiction world so who or what the
fiction and the fiction
who or what do you draw upon for your
character Saul my goodness I guess I
draw upon my own individual moral and
ethical nature which I feel has become
vapid in this current administration and
globally at large to some degree I do a
tremendous amount of work with the
International Rescue Committee and and
work to try to bring attention to the
possibilities and options for refugees
that are caught in limbo and so I just
came back from 12 days in Uganda where
they are building welcome not walls and
I witnessed the resiliency of these
extraordinary people both Ugandan who
give land to the refugees you know they
they were in their own conflict a few
years ago and they knocked down the
South Sudanese door and they were
welcomed and now it goes the other way
my grandfather in Yiddish used to have
an expression that'll set the headlock
which means the wheel is always turning
at so if you're on top don't kid
yourself it's you're gonna be on the
bottom
yes and and and the most important thing
I say to everyone if you're concerned
about anything that's going on in the
world the real world not the fictional
right you have the most power of anyone
not a news person or a person on
television or the richest person the one
you have what's called a vote and you
can go and exercise that vote and if you
don't know people that are running for
office that match your moral and ethical
state and nature figure out who they are
find friends who know them go support
them and get them into situations that
can encourage our government and
governments all over the world to stop
spreading hatred and fear and spread
welcome and inclusiveness one of the
things that infuriates me with this ban
in the Supreme Court at this moment
right now is how the political system
gins up the fear gizmo to tell you who
you need to be afraid of you vote for me
and I'll keep you safe from the fact of
the matter is and I don't like spitting
out thousands of facts but some of them
are incredibly important which is in
terms of the vetting process and I've
gotten a mini PhD course from my context
with the intelligence community because
of this show since 1970
not a single refugee has committed a
terrorist act in the United States there
are nine systems in the UN that you have
to go through first around the world
before you even get into the two-year
process for vetting the process is so
vigorous the United States is known as
the gold standard of vetting absolutely
it can be improved but we have not had a
single terrorist incident incident in
this country they are the safest
citizens in this country and everyone in
this studio every child grandchild
watching at home around around our
country wouldn't be here without the
welcoming nature of our ancestors in
this government my parents and so I
begged people to pay attention to the
history of our ancestors attitudes in
this country and find leaders that
embrace our moral ethical nature you're
right it was already difficult before
this ban was put in place and I think
there are a lot of young people getting
in the process this year that energy is
there as a reaction to a lot of what
you're talking about on the show the
cloak and dagger of the
and all that is fun but to me the the
heart of the show is Hugh and Kerry and
you and Claire Danes those scenes the
two of you together the tension the sort
of father/daughter relationship that's
there the tough love that's always been
there from the beginning of the show
what's it been like over these last few
years to act across from Claire Danes in
that role
well it's extraordinary she's one of the
most gifted actresses I've ever known
and I would say as an individual you
know like my own children she becomes my
teacher she becomes my parent simple
case I'll never forget I forget what
season it was but there was a day
Newmont moment at the very end of the
season where the camera was moving in
very slow and tight on her face and what
had to happen on her face was crucial to
our whole storyline and she was right on
the money and hid it but at the same
time in the background a truck Rove
drove by or someone's cellphone on the
crew went off so it blew the take and
her grace and kindness was extraordinary
because instead of making anyone feel
bad she said could everybody please just
simply check your follow up with phones
and lock up the background and we did
another take was it as good and on the
money is the one that got messed up no
but she didn't make a big deal out of it
were a lesser person like myself for the
young let's all raise our hands exactly
david ignatius it's part of our spike
camp I know David you and I in
Washington about three or four weeks ago
we're going on and on about how great
this season was and my gosh it has not
disappointed well I I am a stone cold
homeland offend Mandi I just have to ask
you you have inhabited this character of
Saul Berenson so totally and believably
I wonder if you hear from CIA officers
that they kind of feel a little more
Saul as they watch you on TV and do
their real-life jobs well I've become
friends with a number of people in the
absolute highest positions in the
intelligence agency my wife and I have
dinner with them and their wives
breakfast go on hikes they have touched
my lives deep my life deeply
and I think what what I'm affected by is
their own internal war in terms of their
moral ethical nature and upbringing and
marrying that to security concerns in
our country and security mistakes that
our country is made in the past and
places like Guatemala and Iran that
never stopped coming back to haunt us
and taking responsibility for those as
an institution but they have guided me
and and I guess also it's their calm
nature the way they listen and and and
that if you ever told me that I would be
glad and my wife and I would be glad to
Lefty's from long ago that we're sitting
with generals and heads of CIA and thank
god they're in that position in a minute
and in an administration that gives us
agita at this moment I would have said
you're crazy but I thank God I know some
of these people so you know it's
interesting I've been a fan of yours for
a very long time but in college I just
picked up you know the Beatles and
Rolling Stones but I picked up the Evita
original Broadway something I listened
to it for 20 years
good lord without knowing that you were
my favorite character on there oh it was
unbelievable and what I found out it
made me even more excited it's why I
can't wait to hear what's gonna happen
with Diary tell us about tell I'm dying
I'm very excited I haven't put out a new
album in 16 years and I just made this
one in over nine days of Christmas time
with a new collaborator named Thomas
Bartlet I call it diary because every
time we have a number of songs whether
at 5 10 or whatever together we're gonna
put it out as in addition to a diary so
this one is diary January 27 2018 and
we're working on 10 more but this is
what I love to do more than anything in
the world it's it's both meeting with
refugees and singing that reconnect me
to being
it really doubles beautifully with your
work with the International Rescue
Committee
thank you very much the final seating so
much season finale of homeland airs this
Sunday night on showtime we'll be
watching that amazing and the new album
and congratulations I hear you have
something coming up in your line that's
correct
no no I just broken a television rule
look at this we're engaged all my wife
wouldn't even let me call her honey for
a good two years don't call me that from
college on May 24th and I speak of
nothing until that happens thank you
that does it for us this morning
Stephanie ruhle picks up the coverage
right now thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
