in 1778 the French philosopher Voltaire
and Benjamin Franklin met in Paris John
Adams tells the story that after they
had shaken hands they embraced each
other by hugging one another in their
arms and kissing each other's cheeks you
can remind you something well Ben
Franklin is smiling somewhere no doubt
French President Emmanuel macron began
his address to a joint meeting of
Congress today with that story a wink
and a nod toward the sheer physicality
of the relationship he's developed with
President Trump and it's true
the at times over-the-top petting and
pawing and hand-holding came close to
overshadowing the reason for the
gathering gathering important
discussions on topics ranging from the
Iran nuclear deal to the Paris climate
Accord but then today McCrone got down
to business as if to remind his hosts
he's the head of an international power
a nuclear nation and our oldest alliance
standing in that house chamber with the
Senate also in attendance he made it
clear he has some significant
disagreements with his host president
Trump we are killing our planets let us
face it there is no planet B I'm sure
one day the United States would come
back and join the Paris agreements there
is an existing framework called the
jcpoa to control the nuclear activity of
Iran we signed it at the initiative of
the United States we signed it boss the
United States and France that is why we
cannot say we should get rid of it like
that to protect our democracies we have
to fight against the ever growing virus
of fake news which exposes our people to
irrational fear
and imagine our risk let me say we have
two possible ways ahead
we can choose isolationism withdrawal
and nationalism but closing the door to
the word will not stop the evolution of
the word it will not douse but inflame
the fears of our citizens and we've had
a little fun with his accent but
interesting point ask yourself when was
the last time an American president
spoke to the French legislature in
French President McCrone flew back to
Paris tonight Trump's next big-name
guests is Merkel of Germany on Friday
and about that macron speech we just
took a look at it went over big with one
Republican political veteran Steve
Schmidt said tonight quote it is
perfectly clear that Mike Rowe is the
leader of the free world
Trump vacated the job that is lifelong
Republican Steve Schmidt
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
