day 461 of the Trump administration and
on top of a big nomination that is right
now tonight in deep trouble
there are moving pieces to report to you
at this hour in the overarching Russia
investigation The Washington Post is
reporting tonight that Rudolph Giuliani
personally sat down and met with Special
Counsel Robert Muller on Tuesday to
reopen negotiations for an interview
with President Trump Robert Costa and
Carole lenok report that according to
people familiar with the talks Giuliani
quote conveyed the ongoing resistance of
Trump and his advisors to an interview
with federal investigators but did not
rule out the possibility that people
said adding that Giuliani pressed Muller
for clarity on when the probe is
expected to end in response Muller
reiterated he would like a chance to ask
Trump questions about key steps he took
during the transition and early months
of his administration the special
counsel emphasized as he did in
conversations in March with Trump's team
that an interview is essential for
investigators to understand Trump's
intent in making key decisions as they
seek to wrap up the portion of the probe
focused on potential obstruction of
justice the post also reports and points
out that Giuliani has known Robert
Muller for decades through their work in
federal law enforcement and quote one
person briefed on the discussions
described the session as relaxed and an
opportunity for both sides to feel each
other out well just last Thursday after
being hired by President Trump Giuliani
told the president's favorite hometown
paper the New York Post that he hoped to
end the Russia investigation in quote a
week or two well almost a week later now
there's no indication that's happening
anytime soon we are also following some
important developments tonight in the
ongoing legal drama relating to the
president's longtime attorney Michael
Cohen Cohen said today he'll assert his
Fifth Amendment rights against
self-incrimination in that defamation
lawsuit filed against him by the adult
film star stormy Daniels he cited the
ongoing criminal investigation in the
Southern District of New York as the
reason for taking the fifth
Daniel's is also suing President Trump
arguing a nondisclosure agreement she
signed to remain silent about an alleged
affair with the president is invalid
because the president never signed it
we should note the White House has
repeatedly denied Trump ever had an
affair with stormy Daniel so a lot to
talk about as we say here just about
every night and let's bring in our
leadoff panel for a Wednesday evening
Julia Ainsley NBC News national security
and justice reporter former US Attorney
Joyce Vance who spent 25 years as a
federal prosecutor and Philip Rucker
Pulitzer Prize winning White House
bureau chief for the Washington Post
good evening and welcome to you all
Phillip let's start with the story that
were really watching minute by minute
it's 1103 and change here on the East
Coast where does the president's
nomination for VA stand right now well
Brian the nomination of dr. Ronnie
Jackson is in extreme peril I think at
the moment
Jackson is indicating to White House
officials that he's considering
withdrawing he's sort of of two minds
right now he both wants to to keep
fighting he wants a chance to clear his
name he wants a chance to defend himself
in a confirmation hearing before the
Senate against these allegations some of
which he has already denied to the media
but he also realizes how ugly this has
become how difficult it will be how
unlikely it seems at this hour that
he'll actually win get confirmed by the
Senate there are a number of lawmakers
speaking out against him more so by the
hour and so the White House is very much
in limbo at the moment I would not be
surprised to see an announcement
sometime you know before the end of this
broadcast that he's out or maybe he'll
make it to the morning but I think his
days are really numbered well that's why
I asked and now let me back up to our
other lead story and ask you Phil about
the Giuliani effect the reporting by
your colleagues on where these talks
stand with Muller well remember Giuliani
came on board a couple of weeks ago as
the president's lead attorney replacing
John Dowd in negotiating with the Moller
team on the Russia probe there was a
meeting yesterday on Tuesday in
Washington between Giuliani and Muller
to get to know each other to feel each
other out
Giuliani seemed to indicate according to
my colleagues reporting to Muller that
the president was willing to still
consider that interview although we know
from reporting over the last few weeks
that ever since those raids those FBI
raids against Michael Cohen the
president's personal lawyer Trump has
has been you know quite hostile to the
idea of doing this interview with Muller
so we'll see if he actually will come
forward and do it this may be a bit of a
game that the Giuliani is playing here
with Muller to give the impression of
being willing to do the interview which
then would sort of provide Trump and an
explanation an excuse if it were to
decide ultimately not to do it joy says
the former fed on this panel and most of
the panels we have around here I have to
ask you it's clear Giuliani has been
anxious to get his side their side of
the story out talk about his exploits
and his talks on behalf of his client if
you're Muller or the Muller team how to
react do you react to seeing a one's
private meeting on a Tuesday afternoon
come out in the press closer to
Wednesday you expect that it's going to
happen that's been the trajectory of
this entire investigation
I think Muller like most prosecutors is
happy to try his cases in the courtroom
and leave it to others to try their
cases in the press Julia there's reason
to believe that people have spoken
publicly about investigations wrapping
up real soon by Thanksgiving by
Christmas by tonight for an audience of
one have you and all of your reporting
given and been given any indications
this thing is going to wrap up anywhere
close to soon I think what we have
learned as this investigation is
continued is that it's very possible
that Muller will be able to sort of live
off part of that that part being the
obstruction probe and we believe that
may be able to rap at some point this
summer but of course as the Washington
Post points out tonight Muller wants to
see Trump interviewed first he wants to
be able to get to that key question that
underlies every case of obstruction and
that is intent he wants to know what the
president
ancients were when he made that
statement on Air Force One about the
Trump Tower meeting he wants to know
what the president's intentions were
when he decided to fire Jim Comey he
wants to know if the president was in
any way intending to talk to Michael
Flynn to get him to lie to the FBI about
his conversations with Russia
Trump's mindset and his intentions
underlie every bit of this and so for
Muller to be able to wrap up this one
piece of the investigation he definitely
wants to talk to the president but as
we've said before that this really could
be a game as Philip pointed out it could
be that Giuliani just wants to open this
window so that there's some point of
leverage but he knows that if the
president refuses to talk Muller may be
able to move forward and wrap up the
obstruction case without the interview
choice there's no in this bill of
particulars there's no surprises correct
I mean Muller might as well say - Rudy I
want to talk to your client about the
heart of the case yeah and you know it's
interesting I'm not sure that I agree
that Moeller really is all that
interested in interviewing the president
of course we've endlessly speculated
about that but typically when you have
an obstruction case you don't get to
interview the target and you build as a
prosecutor that case based on what took
place and and what resulted from what
took place and here Muller's got all of
those facts out he's got the president
for instance writing this letter trying
to explain away the June meeting in
Trump Tower and doing it using facts
that it turned out were untrue
he's got the Comey firing I'm not really
sure that interviewing the president
adds all that much and of course we're
assuming here that the president is the
target of an investigation that may not
be true Muller has already told we have
learned the president that he's a
suspect that he's a subject not a target
the president may never be a target
Muller may have decided that he can't be
indicted and in that case he can be
interviewed just like any other witness
with a grand jury subpoena of course if
he's a target subpoenaing him is much
more complex and frowned upon by DOJ
policy
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
