joining us now michael avenatti the
attorney for stormy daniel is also with
us Mimi Roca former assistant US
attorney in the Southern District of New
York she's now a fellow at Pace
University Law School and Mimi allow me
a few minutes with mr. avenatti here
since he has brought us to this point
Michael Cohen filing in court saying in
effect I can't answer any questions
after my name and address there's just
not a single question he can possibly
answer about store materials in your
lawsuit isn't the normal procedure and
in a civil case that you find yourself
under oath in the deposition and if a
particular question comes along that you
feel possibly could implicate you you
plead the fifth on that on a question by
question basis that's correct Lawrence
and we may very well see that yet in
this case because I'm confident that the
case is not going to be stayed I think
we're going to be able to proceed with
discovery in the case I think judge
Otero is going to fashion some
procedural mechanism whereby he'll be
able to mr. Cohen will be able to
protect his Fifth Amendment rights but
we're going to be able to proceed with
discovering the case what this may
result in quite frankly is we may be
able to take the deposition of the
president first rather than second we
were going to proceed with that
deposition after mr. Cohen's deposition
we'll see what the what the court
fashions as an appropriate remedy but I
will tell you Lawrence that I don't
think it's possible tonight to overstate
the importance of what happened hours
ago this is the personal attorney to the
President of the United States for at
least the last 10 to 12 years and that
attorney and you showed the clip and I
was on your show that night you had be
on that night the night that the
president made the statements on Air
Force One it was about two three weeks
ago that same individual that the
president pointed you other members of
the media and the American people to for
answers is now refusing to provide those
answers and claiming that he can't
answer the questions because the answers
will incriminate him this this is a
staggering development it
not be exaggerated over exaggerated it
cannot be overstated this is a big deal
and I just want to go over this
procedurally so the audience gets it
what Michael Cohen did was put in a
filing asking the judge to simply delay
the case just put it on a long delay
until all of this criminal possible
investigation or procedure in New York
is complete and the reason one of the
reasons that Michael Cohen is saying
it's got to be delayed is I Michael
Cohen can't even testify in this case
now because of my criminal jeopardy you
raise the point of okay that's one
witness in the case there's another
witness we would like to depose named
Donald J Trump he has said nothing it
strikes me as likely that if the judge
were to say this can go forward with
everything except the Michael Cohen
deposition for example that Donald Trump
would then do exactly the same thing
that Michael Cohen has done and invoke
the Fifth Amendment Donald Trump must be
hoping that Michael Cohen's plea works
because then he doesn't have to expose
himself to the Fifth Amendment choice at
all well Lawrence you're right I mean
that would certainly be an option for
the president namely it's an option he
could invoke his Fifth Amendment rights
but imagine if the President of the
United States the sitting president of
the United States invoked his Fifth
Amendment rights in an effort to avoid
answering questions about this Agreement
the 130,000 dollars
what he knew when he knew it the
cover-up that that that would be a even
more staggering development but one at
this point because I've seen so much
over the last six weeks at this point
Lawrence nothing would surprise me yeah
and it wouldn't be the worst thing this
president has done actually I just want
to get Mimi in here maybe he worked in
the Southern District of New York where
Michael Cohen is facing this legal
jeopardy and invoking it and I want you
to talk about this civil procedure going
on in a parallel track sometimes with
Criminal Procedure happens all the time
happens in police cases wrongful death
cases where police are being sued for
wrongful death civil rights violations
while Justice Department
they're criminal authorities are
investigating possible criminal conduct
how are these things these civil
interests normally balanced in
situations like this well it was and it
also happens and other common examples
in like securities fraud cases you know
the s issue might be doing something
look on the one hand you know I'm sure
the prosecutors wouldn't have minded for
this to go ahead and Michael Cohen to be
under oath and they get to you know have
some answers and and that is worth
mentioning that you know his invocation
of the Fifth Amendment the any defense
attorney would tell him to do that
because anything dog said only the mob
and that's the problem right I mean once
again Donald Trump's words are coming
back to bite him there may have been
some other explanation but it's not
going to work now but you know on the
other hand I think the prosecutors are
also probably going to be relieved
because they want control over their
case they don't want no offense to you
and as I said you know they both do
exist often on parallel tracks but the
prosecutors want to have control over
the investigation how the evidence comes
out and this will probably ensure that
happens more like it's more likely it
will happen that way Michael what is
your sense of of where this is likely to
go the judge has he could just accept
Michael Collins pleading and say okay
here's a stay based on this he could say
we will put a stay on any deposition of
Michael Cohen but anything else you want
to do invite you to do other things or
he could say no the Cohen deposition can
go forward and he can invoke the fifth
on a question by question basis which is
I mean I mean and maybe correct us for a
but I mean that is the fairly standard
procedure for this kind of deposition
well you're absolutely right that is the
standard procedure and I was in court in
Los Angeles on Friday before judge Otero
and during that hearing Jojo taro told
mr. Trump's attorney and mr. Cohen's
attorney that this motion this effort
and it's a joint effort by both of them
to stay this case that this motion or
their motion had to quote the judge
gaping holes in it quote unquote okay
that's a pretty bold statement by a city
in federal
that's not something you want to judge
in your case to tell you about emotion
what were the gaping holes that he well
there were a number of gaping holes one
as we pointed out there was no
declaration from Michael Cohen they
tried to get away without without
submitting this declaration on the fifth
amendment because they wanted to have it
both ways
they didn't want to have to stake out of
position and we call this is really a
response to what happened in federal
court on Friday absolutely and it's a
response to an argument that we put
before the court and and the judge
thought was well-founded that he needed
to take a definitive position so that
was one of the gaping holes the other
gaping hole was that there's no
testimony or declaration or evidence
that they need this testimony in order
to defend themselves in our case that
it's absolutely vital well guess what
Laurence I got news for you look at the
declaration they didn't cure that by way
of the submission of this declaration
and that's one of the first things we're
gonna be pointing out tomorrow when we
respond to it they missed that one I
don't know what happened but that it was
a critical error I think that's gonna
hurt them but it became apparent to me
and I may be wrong but it became
apparent to me sitting in court last
Friday that I do not think that judge
Otero is going to issue a blanket stay
on this case as they've requested I just
don't I think he's going to fashion some
alternative remedies and I think the
case is going to proceed and it's gonna
move forward and I think that we're
gonna be I know we're gonna be diligent
as it relates to discovery and getting
to the bottom of this I think it's going
to proceed on parallel tracks and me
what about that just looking at this
from your legal perspective what about
the judges letting this deposition a
koan deposition go forward and letting
Cohen sit there were this lawyer and
invoke Fifth Amendment on a question by
question basis I mean the judge
certainly could do that it would be
probably more painful for mr. Cohen you
know to do it that way which is why you
know he's trying to sort of take care of
it by by making this blanket statement
and solve those you know fill those
holes that the judge seem to see you
know it's hard to know what the judge
will do but but they certainly couldn't
have it go forward that way and you know
I look as far as the criminal case I
don't think it would affect it one way
or the other whether he now he's invoked
his Fifth Amendment like so you know
he's not gonna answer any questions we
know that so as to the criminal case
it's not going to impact it one way or
the other whether it's on a case by case
or this blanket statement
Michael would we be here tonight would
there have been a raid of Michael
Cohen's home has his office his hotel
room
if stormy Daniels hadn't filed of a
lawsuit if President Trump hadn't said
what he said on Air Force One about ask
Michael Connor we're all those steps
necessary sequences and what you're
looking at that ended up in a red well I
don't think so
Lawrence I don't think we are here
talking about this filing and where we
are today without the efforts of my
client and the bravery and the courage
that she has shown for the last six to
seven weeks I I just I don't think we
would be sitting here today in this
position and talking about this but for
the efforts of my client I just don't we
certainly want to be sitting here
talking about the president's lawyer
asserting his Fifth Amendment right
against self-incrimination but for our
efforts there's no question about that
so I think we tripped over a number of
key dominoes in this process I think
we're going to continue to trip over
dominoes in the coming weeks and I'm
going to stand by what I've said now for
the better part of a week this is not
going to end well for the president
Lawrence it's just not it's getting it's
getting worse by the day and me as
you've watched this unfold you you a
story emerges where a quick hundred and
thirty thousand dollars was hustled up a
couple of weeks before a presidential
election that has clear fine campaign
finance implications and possibly
violations campaign finance law right
away
weird the hundred thirty thousand
dollars come from becomes interesting so
you can see where prosecutors start to
get interested robert muller is staring
at these people already and they may
start to kind of run under his
microscope suddenly through the stormy
Daniels case and and then you have the
President on Air Force One saying I had
nothing to do with it
I didn't know anything about it is that
all part of what you would from your
distance where you sit now from you the
work of your former colleagues does is
that all sounding like triggering
information that they were being exposed
to that led to these raids look there's
no question that what you know storm in
Daniels and her lawyer have done shined
a light on it you know the
by prosecutors they get tips information
from all kinds of sources it does seem
like here you know that source was in
some ways a very public source in the
form of this lawsuit and and all the
information that they're bringing out
and that's perfectly legitimate once
they put the microscope on it as you say
and start following the money
the prosecutors are going to find all
sorts of things that may or may not come
out in a civil suit which is why maybe
it is important for them to proceed on
parallel tracks but you know I think
there's much more to the story in terms
of the criminal case I don't believe
that this is just about campaign finance
violations I don't think they would have
done you know this search warrant just
for that there's a it smells like fraud
and maybe some money money laundering
but you know we'll see I mean it but I
definitely think that there was a series
of events starting with you know the
lawsuit that brought this to the
attention of investigators
Michael big hearing tomorrow and judge
Kimball woods courtroom in the Southern
District of New York on the raid and on
the how they're gonna proceed evaluating
the evidence of the raid you're gonna be
in the courtroom tomorrow on that yeah
we're going to be filing a motion in the
morning in connection with that actually
a motion to intervene in connection with
the documents that were seized relating
to my client we lay that out in the
morning I'm going to appear at the
hearing tomorrow before judge would in
an effort to protect my clients
documents we've since since the last
hearing we found out that that the
government has many more documents that
they obtained not just from mr. Cohen
but they've obtained a series of text
messages and emails and documents from
mr. Davidson my clients former counsel
we have reason to believe that mr.
Davidson was continuing to communicate
with mr. Cohen as recently as a few days
before the FBI raid concerning my client
or regarding my client so there's a
number of issues that concern us relate
to these documents but I will be there
tomorrow and you will be here tomorrow
night which we had previously scheduled
to have you come in and report on
tomorrow's hearing thank you very much
for making exercise experiment tonight
Michael avenatti
Mimi Roca thank you very much for
joining hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
