in Ronin Pharaoh's new book war on peace
the end of diplomacy and the decline of
the decline of American influence I'm
holding page 260 to open with my finger
we get a big rip-roaring argument about
America giving up on diplomacy over time
and what made the State Department a
weak enough institution but that by the
time Trump got there to kill it Rex
Tillerson was an easy and effective tool
for doing that job this book will make
Ronan Farrow lots more enemies nobody
comes off great but it does also have a
bunch of scoops we learned for example
this incredible new detail on page 262
about how Rick's Tillerson handled one
particularly timely and sensitive part
of his job quote when the United States
when the United States initiated strikes
on Syria the administration entirely
skipped the conventional step of
notifying NATO allies Tillerson received
a flood of calls an officer in the State
Department's Operations Center who spent
months connecting tiller since calls
told ronan quote when news broke alarmed
allies were calling saying i would like
to speak with secretary Tillerson it was
early at a Sunday afternoon and
Tillerson was in Washington and
unoccupied
the operations officer said quote we
were told that the secretary had had a
long weekend he was gonna go home and
have dinner with his wife and call it a
night no calls the operations officer
exasperated said we just bombed Syria
without telling our allies you might
have to do some phone calls even from
home that floored me end quote
ronan pharaoh's new book is called war
on peace the end of diplomacy and the
decline of American influence it's good
in part because ronan knows what he's
talking about on this subject he is a
former State Department official it's
good in part because he's got a bunch of
news scoops and it's good in part
because he's interviewed every living
Secretary of State and got them all to
weigh in on what's happened in the State
Department disaster we are living
through now that we will have to some
day explain to the next generation when
they wonder where it went and why we got
rid of it but mostly it's good because
he gets people like I kid you not the
person connecting Rex Tillerson phone
calls to talk to them talk to him
about what's really happening and those
of course other people who always
actually know what's really happening
joining us now is my friend Ronan Farrow
fresh off his new Pulitzer Prize
congratulations on this new book runner
thank you for having me red shirts this
is a this is a big deal this is a big
this is a big argument and a big piece
of reporting congratulations and I think
an important untold story for a whole
variety of reasons well you're you're
writing about a long long term trend
here about diplomacy getting undercut
Foreign Service getting undercut the
military taking over everything instead
the one thing I didn't know when I got
to the end of the book is do you believe
that process is complete is this
essentially a an obituary for the State
Department it is not okay and here's why
I think that administration after
administration comes in and shortchanges
diplomacy it's happening at a vastly
accelerated rate now it is not
unprecedented but it is at a new extreme
the results are devastating their
generational you have : powell in this
book on the record saying Rex Tillerson
tore the guts out of the State
Department this is mortgaging your
future and the reason it has a
generational impact is the people who
should be ambassadors 20-year four years
from now aren't even entering into the
system we are denigrating and sidelining
the profession in a way that will take
time to rebuild however you can look at
for instance the second term of the
Obama administration where again senior
officials in that administration are on
the record in this book saying we
screwed up we had a culture of celebrity
generals it overtook our Afghanistan
review process and other policy
processes but then they refocused and
they put few good years and you got the
Iran deal for all its controversy a very
serious diplomatic endeavor the thawne
relations with Cuba the Paris climate
change accord and that took just a few
short years so as much as the picture is
dire and this really is a crisis that is
making us less safe all of the
whistleblowers were brave enough to
speak in here say that they are hopeful
that they feel that right now
potentially even hunter Mike Pompeo
there is the power to reverse course to
pull out of this nosedive well of course
we're at this incredible moment and you
couldn't have known this when you time
the publication of the book but Pompey
owes confirmation hearing is likely to
use confirmation but it's likely to be
tomorrow
is the expectation at state and from
people who are champions of
State Department champions of diplomacy
is the expectation that he's there to
kind of finish the job that he's there
to continue this ripping the guts out
that Tillerson has been already engaged
in that is the desperate fear right now
yeah and what we know about Mike pump
has track record is you know look I
think no one ever questioned whether he
would get through confirmation he's a
skilled politician but he is much more
lockstep with the president then Rex
Tillerson was Rex Tillerson gleefully
and you know he says now partly due to
inexperience in this book he says that
to me presided over the cuts to the
State Department but he also pushed back
on efforts to get out of the Iran deal
he fought with the president and in the
announcement of the choice of Pompeo the
president said specifically he's a guy
who's on the same wavelength this is a
guy who has matched the president tweet
for tweet on every statement about the
Iran deal so there's a lot of fear but
this department desperately needs
leadership so there's also this hope
well I mean I would I feel like reading
this putting it more bluntly like I
think there's a question as to whether
or not the Republican Party continues to
believe that there ought to be diplomacy
considered continues to believe there
ought to be a Department of State I mean
killing it this way is one way to do it
abolishing it will now become the pledge
for people who are running to the right
of Republican nominees in the future
primaries and that is one of the saddest
parts of the story for me because
there's a fundamental cultural problem
where on the campaign trail politicians
of both parties but I do think that
there's somewhat more of it of late in
the Republican Party denigrate what are
really brave men and women serving the
country for not a lot of pay in very
dangerous places and as you pointed out
earlier making it a lot safer making our
diplomacy more professional less
vulnerable to influence and exploitation
saving American citizens around the
world in a literal direct sense they're
not getting credit for that last
question briefly did Jared Kushner deny
that he wrote tiller sins remarks in
China when tiller someone over there and
period the Chinese government no comment
from them Ronan Farrow fresh off his new
Pulitzer Prize the author of war on
peace the end of diplomacy and the
decline of American influence remarkable
reporting thank you thank you wait to
see what I'm going to be all right
accent since the historic opening of
relations between our two countries more
than 40 years ago the us-china
relationship has been guided by an
understanding of non conflict
non-confrontation mutual respect and
win-win cooperation
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
