thing one tonight Treasury secretary
Steve minutia and his wife Louise Linton
have given us some of the very best
photos of the entire Trump era there was
this strangely awkward group shot the
first and second couples from their June
wedding last year these now infamous
pics from Renu chiyan and Linton's visit
to the Bureau of Engraving and printing
were they posed with sheets of new
dollar bills barring minuchin signature
then of course there was Linton's since
deleted in-stream Post from a trip to
Fort Knox showing her strolling off a
government plane decked out in some
high-end accessories hashtag Tom Ford
Sony's hashtag Hermes scarf hashtag
Valentino rock stud heels now that trip
caused some controversy because it took
place on August 21st the day of the
solar eclipse and Fort Knox just so
happens to be near the path of totality
prompting some to ask whether the trip
was actually a taxpayer-funded jaunt for
minuchin and Linton to watch the Eclipse
but we never had any proof that they did
watch it until now and it's another
winner for the minuchin Linton family
photo album that's thing too in 60
seconds Treasury secretary Steve minutia
shot down any suggestion that his trip
to Fort Knox last summer was actually
just a Eclipse watching excursion for
him and his wife funded by public money
when I got there the staff had actually
intended that we watch the Eclipse on
the roof of Fort Knox and you know
people in Kentucky took this stuff very
seriously being a New Yorker in
California is like the Eclipse so we got
there as like really I don't have any
interest in watching the Eclipse we
never went on the roof I didn't even
stay for the opportunity's not at the
funny I watch the roof 50 at 15 minutes
ahead of time I put on the glasses
they're like paper glasses I'm like I'm
worried I'm getting get at my eyes
burned out for like two seconds that was
the end of my interest in the Eclipse
well he sounds like a lot of fun I have
to say I'm a New Yorker and New Yorkers
were definitely interested in Eclipse I
mean I walk back down Flatbush Avenue
with throngs of people looking up at the
Sun but okay fine maybe
doesn't like eclipses the folks over
Think Progress wanted to know for sure
so they Fayed the Treasury Department
and received this photographic evidence
of secretary minutiae and his wife
Louise lengthen watching the Eclipse at
Fort Knox the phone was a little grainy
but that's definitely a smile the
Secretary's face and despite the
Secretary's skepticism about the
protective glasses they both wore them
unlike someone else in the
administration
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
