today the Supreme Court began deciding
the most significant test of trumps
power to date Trump's controversial
travel ban hitting the court this is a
ban that began with all that chaos in
the first month in office confusion at
the airport's protests and frustration
around the country those memories are
part of the record the court scrutinized
today the problems at the airport turned
into emergency lawsuits I was actually
out covering the first federal court to
rule against the ban in New York which
blocked the ban on its first full day in
effect so that was the unusual Road to
the Supreme Court today on the beat
right now we're gonna take you inside
highlights from the court and then turn
to probably the best guest on this topic
in the nation a national executive
director of the ACLU now his opponent
today was a lawyer from the Trump
Justice Department who insisted this
isn't a Muslim ban he actually argued if
Trump had said that the whole thing
would already be illegal on its face he
referred to the facial legitimacy of
that kind of executive action if the
president actually did make that
statement I want to keep out a
particular race or a particular religion
no matter what that would undermine the
facial legitimacy of the action he's
saying with facial legitimacy that would
be illegal now you don't need to be a
lawyer to notice something weird there
Trump did campaign on a Muslim ban more
on that in a moment but today the DOJ is
arguing the court should look to the
text of the travel ban not any past
statements critics of this travel ban
put all their faith in lawyer Neal Koch
all he's argued before the court for
President Obama and he's been on this
show you may recall he said this is
about more than discrimination it's also
about whether Trump can steal power from
Congress if you accept this order you're
giving the president of power no
president in a hundred years has
exercised an executive proclamation that
counter man's Congress's policy
judgments that's an important moment
he's referring to how federal law
already prohibits discrimination on
religion or on what country you're from
and while the travel ban does target
people by country national origin that
would seem to conflict so Koch all was
saying today even if this isn't a Muslim
ban the court should not give Trump the
power to
undo what Congress did he says well you
know we're discriminating at the entry
side not at the visa side if you do that
you are giving the president the power
to undo and he's actually just done it
he's undone the ban on nationality based
discrimination he's imposed country
quotas of zero for these countries at
the border Cacho saying Congress
legislated against bans on national
origin so Trump can't set a quota of
zero without already breaking that law
now the Trump DOJ pushback they argued
the president has his own authority to
make these judgments about security and
also to make exceptions and the Supreme
Court has generally been very skeptical
using campaign rhetoric to decide a case
consider a less controversial example
than this one remember candidate Obama
said on the campaign trail that
Obamacare was not a tax then the Supreme
Court put it to the side and upheld the
law as a tax now my point here is not
that the travel ban is Obamacare
the Justice Department though is arguing
that the Supreme Court doesn't usually
hold campaign rhetoric against
presidents but there is a rebuttal for
that Kochel saying he doesn't need
candidate Trump to show the bias he
argued President Trump
rekindled all of that nasty rhetoric
against Muslims during the campaign by
tweeting out as president those virulent
videos and he argued the White House
doubled down on all of that by saying
his tweets are official statements after
the executive order this latest
executive order was promulgated the
president tweeted these three virulent
anti-muslim videos and then this press
spokesman was asked what does this mean
what is this about and the answer was
the president has spoken about exactly
this in the proclamation for a new
controversy facing the president he is
under fire both here and abroad this
morning for sharing inflammatory
anti-muslim videos on Twitter look I'm
not talking about the nature of the
video I think they're focusing on the
wrong thing the threat is real and
that's what the president is talking
about is the need for national security
that was the White House defending those
tweets that were at issue in court today
and it gets worse
because the White House has said Trump's
tweets are official statements our
president Trump's tweets considered
official White House statements well the
president is the president of United
States so they're considered official
statements by the president United
States does this all come down to what
Trump said and what he meant to campaign
speeches and tweets mattered less then
the words Trump used in the ban itself
you know Miley Cyrus once said if you
mean it I'll believe it if you text it
I'll delete it did Donald Trump really
mean it when he pledged to ban Muslims
we all heard him and who decides if he
can just delete that pledge of illegal
religious discrimination is that his
call or the courts
joining me now is Anthony Romero the
executive director of the American Civil
Liberties Union who's led the charge on
the ACLU lawsuit against the travel ban
you are part of this effort it's been a
resistance what do you think happen in
the courtroom today well it's hard to
guess you know from the courtroom it's
always hard to read tea leaves but from
the questions from the justices I mean
they're grappling with some of the
thorny issues they're basically two
buckets of arguments that were in from
the court the statutory arguments about
whether or not this proclamation runs
afoul of the statute enacted by Congress
in 1965 and then the country the
constitutional arguments about whether
or not it violates protections under the
First Amendment where there violates the
Establishment Clause and freedom of
religion is it a religious man yeah it
is it's a religious man it's a Muslim
man they had a lot of conversation as
justices do and lawyers do talking
around the elephant in the room how can
anyone be doubt to happen anyone doubt
that this is a Muslim ban 150 million
people affected by it five predominately
Muslim countries and they added on North
Korea and Venezuela just to gussy up the
pig but it's still a pig it's still a
Muslim back one of the most frustrating
things about the law can be how
exclusionary it is everyone else it's
hard for people I think to look at this
process there today
and understand why it's such a tough
call for the judges to figure out
whether there is a religious part of
this given what the president said and a
national origin part as I was just
discussing if it basically bans my
country and it should be pretty clear I
mean it clearly is a band based on
national origin which runs afoul of the
1965 immigration Nationality Act so the
question is that in the neocatzeo who
did a great job arguing the court also
talked about how it took a wrecking ball
to the way that Congress rejected a
blanket ban and wanted to insist on
individualized hearings with a granular
process do you think that you're more
likely to win on that grounds I think
it's one of the strong regrets I think
the second grounds are equally clear I
mean the constitutional arguments what
does a reasonable person think the
executive order is the proclamation is I
mean he campaigned on a Muslim ban he
became president he promised a Muslim
ban he did 1.0 executive order was
clearly a Muslim ban 2.0 struck down but
Neil you point o Neill Kochel seemed to
really hit his stride on that other part
on the on the fight with Congress part
and you have a lot more legal experience
than I do but it made me wonder whether
there's something he thinks in terms of
his strategy in terms of Justice Kennedy
that he might win not on religion but on
that way and he was an excellent
strategist and so he understands the way
to bring Kennedy along all eyes on
Kennedy will make any argument we can on
our heads if we need to convince Justice
Kennedy so the statutory arguments are
very clear and it runs afoul of the
whole idea of like the executive branch
cannot just trump Congress and override
the I na let me play another important
moment from inside the Quorum there's
been a lot of talk about whether people
will resign over what Trump does Jeff
Sessions reportedly threatening that he
might on a molar issue that brought
Rosen Stein talking about what would
happen if he left yeah dawn McGann the
White House Counsel threatened to resign
here up there who's left well here was
the that very idea in the travel ban
context that came up in court it was
argued in a case this week about the
unitary executive theory which basically
says the president is at the head if we
take justice Kagan's
medical presidents mm-hmm who's
basically says to his review committee I
want to keep out Jews mm-hmm period find
the way I would expect that if any
cabinet member were given that order
that cabinet member would refuse to
comply or resign in the face of a
plainly unconstitutional order do you
believe that's true the DOJ saying
that's how it would go down absolutely
not and come on
this is his administration they will do
his every bidding and look what they've
done already they took a Muslim ban
which was clearly unconstitutional they
went through this entire process of the
vetting drop two countries added two
countries went through this whole
screening just to gussy it up so the
president could get his Muslim bath so
let's be clear who are we fooling the
reasonable observer watching this
Proclamation seeing the history of the
statements of the president understands
that this is exactly what he promised us
it's a Muslim ban 150 million Muslims
affected by it 90 plus 90 to 99 percent
of the individuals affected by the ban
are Muslim so you can throw in Venezuela
just for good measure and just to gussy
it up and the people of North Korea
which there's also a handful of people
at its core it's a Muslim ban it runs
afoul of the Constitution Anthony Romero
executive director the ACLU on a big day
for your organization thanks for being
here thank you my ETA of course hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
