the president of the Senate leadership
fund the group that is tasked with
electing republicans of the Senate
essentially to save Mitch McConnell's
job as Majority Leader fair enough all
right you heard you were named checked
in there he said you were gonna have a
tough time being able to spin sort of
this political environment look you're
focused on Senate races I hear as you
look at Arizona eight how concerned are
you for the Republican Party well first
of all I want to thank both you chuck
and Charlie for dramatically lowering
axes fault I would say and then you know
this that that the House races are
fundamentally different from Senate
races for a variety of reasons in part
because Senate races tend to be somewhat
more insulated from national trends and
we've seen that in 2010 you mentioned in
particular where Democrats lost the
house but held the Senate but in
addition to that the the political
terrain in the Senate is a lot more
favorable for Republicans and it is in
all these House districts that were
carried by a lot of trumps Hillary
Clinton right I've got to play North
Dakota West Virginia's early I get and
just the sheer number of states that
Democrats have to defend them and we've
got three states on the line that I
would think would be arguably
competitive Nevada Arizona where martha
mcsalley just out raised her Democratic
opponent by almost a million dollars and
then Tennessee they've got ten states
that could be competitive five of them
in states that the Donald Trump carried
by upwards of twenty percentage points
and so I think we've got a lot more
terrain to play with that makes the task
of defending the Senate majority I
wouldn't say easy but but a task that we
think we can undertake and win our
Republican donors starting to
essentially make these tough decisions
going you know I like those guys in the
house but it's now time to do it can be
done and focusing are you seeing more
money coming to your side of this fight
now yeah we've actually been seeing it
since the beginning of the year and the
first thing I would say is that I think
it'd be a mistake to abandon the house
because in our business it always
matters where you return the kick from
and
a 30 seat deficit in the house is gonna
be a lot harder to make up than a
smaller one even if you thought that
holding the house was was beyond reach
but the other thing that really
motivates our donors is the importance
of the Senate in terms of confirming
Supreme Court justices maybe if we were
to lose the Senate Majority I'm
confident the Chuck Schumer would allow
the Supreme Court to dwindle down to six
justices before he would confirm anybody
he would only have Mitch McConnell to
thank for that strategic idea well both
sides have played that game but but
nevertheless I think there's a sense
that the third branch of government is
absolutely critical to defend and that
that really comes down to the to
maintain a Senate majority and that
seems that is a big motivator for some
of your donors absolutely yeah judicial
nominations let me ask you about the
Mick bull of any comments I mean the
cynic in me says he just he made what we
used to be known in Washington as a
kinsley glass gaff michael kinsley when
when a politician accidentally speaks
the truth which is a donor's going to
get a call returned before a non donor
does but defend that on the trail how do
you do how do you say Donald Trump's
drain in the swamp
when the guy who's got half the jobs in
Trump's cabinet good good super finance
report OMB is saying hey give lobbyists
get more money yeah I don't think a lot
of people pay attention to what Mick
Mulvaney says I think particularly
people who supported Donald Trump
because of his plan to shake up
Washington we're interested in a much
larger portfolio of things that he
represented he's doing things
differently he is taking on North Korea
and China and trade he's doing things
that even a lot of Republicans don't
necessarily like and he is shaking up
the larger order so I think when people
heard Donald Trump say he's draining the
swamp it means a lot more and they think
that he's delivering on that and so
regardless are you concerned though that
they can the Democrats can throw a
reform message basically back in your
face well I think it's a lot bigger than
particularly in states that Donald Trump
won I think the dominant argument that
we're gonna be dealing with is are the
Democrats who are holding these Senate
seats going to be able to defend the
fact that they've really fought this
president every step of the way in
states where those voters all voted for
him and for his agenda is it you know
one thing you haven't brought up on your
own here is the tax bill is it you
passed the point of return for 18 to
make the tax bill and
positive for Republicans is it is it to
basically the president sat on the
sidelines too long and selling it I
think it's a little bit different than
that and I have a view of my own that
not everybody has which is I think that
even if you were able to convince
everyone that the tax bill was good for
you I don't think people generally vote
on gratitude I think the much more
compelling argument is to say that look
we've had a recovery we're creating jobs
and the tax cuts part of that the
regulatory agenda is part of that and
you've got a whole crowd of people that
if they take power they're gonna repeal
the recovery and I think that's the
argument that I think cuts better than
saying thank us by voting for us again
you you seem to be in one of these traps
sometimes as an organization when it
comes to these Republican Senate
primaries and on one hand in 2010 the
lesson was you let him you let a
thousand flowers bloom and it cost you
an opportunity to win right on it
so this Mitch McConnell said not gonna
let that happen again and in 2014 he got
very aggressive 16 and you guys are
getting aggressive again but it's
dividing the party it's some noisy
primary fights that you have on your
side Indiana West Virginia you brought
up Arizona I think that's gonna get
noisy and messy how involved you guys
gonna be I think when we see a choice
between somebody who would certainly
lose the race and somebody who would
certainly win the race we will sometimes
get involved but not in every case it
may not make sense every time we're
strong supporters for example of martha
mcsalley said Martha makes how she's got
two primary opponents so you already
made that decision you're for her
well we're for her I don't know what
we'll end up doing in that race but it's
very clearly if you just look at the
polling there's one person who could be
Kyrsten Sinema
and that's martha mcsalley a West
Virginia are you more just against one
candidate and you don't care what the
other two do I think I think in each
race it's completely different and it's
not necessarily ideological it can be a
personal resume it can be you know
things in their background that are
problematic as we saw for example in
Alabama there's certain people where you
just simply can't get elected no matter
how good the state is and you've got it
sometimes take action there all right
Stephen law I have to leave it there
it's gonna be a wild ride one you've
been on these before you're having too
much fun I think you have been involved
in every single Senate race twice yeah
well elections are hard 200 or drawer of
200 Senate seats I think you've done
anyway Steve law thanks for coming on
sharing your view sir hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
