Joe the bad headlines for members of
president Trump's cabinet continue to
mount with interim director of the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Mick Mulvaney now in the spotlight did
you hear this according the New York
Times multi leave this quote just says
it out loud Moe vanie who also runs the
White House Budget Office told banking
industry executives at a conference in
Washington yesterday that they should
press lawmakers hard to pursue their
agenda The Times says he also revealed
that as a congressman he would meet only
with lobbyists if they had contributed
to his campaign telling the crowd qua
this is a quote if you're a lobbyist who
never gave us money I didn't talk to you
if you're a lobbyist who gave us money I
might talk to you
in response Mulvaney spokesman told the
New York Times is Glen thrush the
remarks to the bankers we're a general
call for citizens to advocate in
whatever way they choose not principally
through donations and that Mulvaney's
top priorities at congressman was
listening to constituency if' for free
and that the part on lobbyists was meant
to underscore that point Joe I mean
sometimes these things are implied
they're done behind closed doors but let
me just read the quote again Mick
Mulvaney if you're a lobbyist who never
gave us money I didn't talk to you if
you're a lobbyist who gave us money I
might talk to you it's just it's
unbelievable it's unbelievable not only
that he said that out loud but actually
that that was his standard operating
procedure I can tell you if the lobbyist
gave me money
I usually thought less of them because
it showed such they had poor judgment
but as a joke so many times lobbyists if
lobbyists gave me money then they would
come into my office I would I actually
would say hey why don't you go talk to
Bart or talk to David or talk to Rachel
I'd haven't talked to my staff members
because I trusted my staff members they
would sort through with the lobbyists
were saying and then they would come and
talk to me and I'd say okay what do they
want does it make sense for constituents
does it make sense for us is it the you
know I know it sounds stupid but
this is the right thing to do I'm not
going I'm you know I'm not sticking my
neck out on the line because somebody
gave me a check but it's RIT is
unfortunate really unfortunate that he
would say something like that also say
Steve is real that that sometimes if
somebody was a big contributor you
always had to actually bend over I'm
speaking again for myself I'm sure
you're the same what if yourself depend
over backwards the you'd have to bend
over backwards the other way to make
sure that what you were doing really was
in the public's interests I I know you
like me I mean they just I just didn't
need money from these people in a way
back there was badly enough to to have
it change anything on how I voted or
what I did and this comment from
Mulvaney
is pretty shocking and I will say I
didn't know a whole lot of people that I
served with over for terms that had that
policy approach or that attitude no I
totally agree with you Joe look this may
have been the one true statement that a
trump appointee has ever made on this I
think there's no fake news he made the
statement I'll say one other thing what
we just saw of that footage you will see
that as you know Joe Scarborough in a
lot of 30-second ads and a lot of
competitive districts in this midterm
election mr. Mulvaney just loaded
Republicans up with more political
baggage as they creep up a steep hill to
retain their majority yeah and Willie
it's Matthysse cabinet members Willie
the 30-second commercial you they're
gonna have to be 60-second commercials
or maybe the 30 minute infomercials if
you combine what Mulvaney said with
what's happening at the EPA with what's
happening across the entire
administration this is a corrupt
administration that talked about the
president talked about draining the
swamp this administration is the swamp
you can't find in recent American
political history another administration
that has been is ethically challenged as
this
yeah I mean the ads will be if you put
Pruitt in there with all the stories
we've had over the last couple of weeks
if you have Ryan's inky raising the flag
while he's in residence like he's the
Queen of England all these things add up
and it starts to sound very swampy and
susan is there a is there a world where
what Mick Mulvaney said is does not
constitute a bribe of some kind I mean
he's just putting it out there and
saying it out loud it was unreal to read
this story last night how he could
possibly put that statement out there
even if there was some context to it it
just doesn't work it doesn't work that
way I mean we are now seeing like a
poster of swamp creatures what have you
that's what I think it is it's it's
Donald Trump and the swamp creatures and
that and I think Joe is right those ads
are going to be really harmful to this
administration and 2018 and going
forward but what's also interesting
about what Marvin said was it's
basically the way President Trump
admitted he operated right before he was
a candidate he said I gave money out
because I wanted things done for me and
I could only get things done if I gave
money to elected officials so it's that
same transactional politics that he sees
from the boss thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
