no comment no comment is what thomas
roberts said when he was asked by The
Daily Beast whether he has been
interviewed by Robert Mahler's team of
investigators no comment but the comment
the Thomas Roberts did give to the Daily
Beast about Donald Trump proves Donald
Trump lied to the FBI about how much
time he spent in Moscow in 2013 for the
Miss Universe pageant now we all know
that lying to the FBI is a federal crime
but no one has ever been charged with
that crime because of lying to the
director of the FBI it's always a matter
of lying to FBI agents in the field who
are clearly doing investigative work
when James Comey was FBI director and
was having what was supposed to be a
friendly social dinner at the White
House was the present director Comey was
not on an investigative mission and so
any lies Donald Trump told in that
setting weren't going to rise to the
level of federal crime as James Comey
'he's book tells it and as his recently
revealed memos of his conversations with
President Trump show Donald Trump
repeatedly told James Comey that it was
impossible for him to have had an
encounter with Russian prostitutes of
Moscow hotel room because as commis
memos state he didn't stay overnight in
Russia that was the first time the
president mentioned that during the
Comey dinner and then at a second time
in the Oval Office the president said
according to the Comey notes quote he
hadn't stayed overnight in Russia during
the Miss Universe trip Thomas Roberts
did stay overnight in Russia for the
Miss Universe trip he spent a few nights
there because Thomas Roberts was the
co-host of the Miss Universe beauty
pageant Thomas Roberts was also then an
MSNBC news anchor and a friend of this
show where he sometimes appeared and
remains a friend of mine and so count me
among what I'm sure are the millions who
believe thomas roberts / donald trump on
this one Thomas told The Daily Beast
quote the first time I met Donald Trump
it was in Moscow on November 8th 2013 I
taped a sit-down interview with Trump
next day on November 9th that was also
the date for the Miss Universe broadcast
during the after-party for the Miss
Universe event mr. Trump offered to fly
me and my husband back to New York he
said he would be leaving directly from
the party we were unable to accept the
invitation that was the early morning
hours of November 10th
so Thomas Roberts knows for sure that
Donald Trump spent at least one full
night overnight in Moscow flight records
obtained by Politico also indicate that
the president is not telling the truth
when he tells James James Comey that he
never spent the night in Moscow
political reports in fact Trump arrived
in Moscow where he attended the Miss
Universe pageant which he owned at the
time on a Friday he left in the early
morning hours the following Sunday
spending one full night and most of us
second one in the Russian capital so
politico's records confirm Thomas
Roberts account and NBC News reported
last November what Trump bodyguard Keith
Schiller said in an interview with the
House Intelligence Committee after a
business meeting before the Miss
Universe pageant in 2013 a Russian
participant offered to send five women
to Donald Trump's hotel room in Moscow
according to three sources who were
present for the interview that night two
sources said Schiller said he discussed
the conversation with Trump as Trump was
walking back to his hotel room and
Schiller said the two men laughed about
it as Trump went to bed alone Schiller
testified that he stood outside Trump's
hotel room for a time and then went to
bed one source noted that Schiller
testified he eventually left Trump's
hotel room door and could not say for
sure what happened during the remainder
of the night so why did Donald Trump lie
to James Comey about how long he was in
Moscow that's the question next I
honestly never thought these words would
come out of my mouth but I don't know
whether the current president nighted
States with his prostitutes peeing on
each other in Moscow in 2013 it's
possible but I don't know and back with
us is Harry Lippmann and Harry there's
this question of Donald Trump says to
the FBI director at least twice I didn't
spend the night in Moscow we know that's
completely untrue
is there a lying to the FBI possible
crime in that conversation with the FBI
director I don't think it's a crime but
man is it bizarre and would it get my
minder saying is it's not a crime
because James Comey is not there in an
investigate a capacity and and that's
really when the FBI
that's right goes with that as that's
right but nevertheless at this dinner he
keeps circling around and coming back to
it he's like a narrator and an Edgar
Allan Poe story he's just obsessed with
it and again it comes back and back
he says it's cause of Melania and this
is the same guy who had an affair four
months after his son was born he lies
about the alibi as you say it's the sort
of thing there's no crime on the surface
but man would it get an investigators
antenna going something is
psychologically strange about the whole
episode let's listen to more about from
the man who actually experienced the
strangeness of all of this talking to
the President James Comey I didn't ask
about the business with the prostitutes
but he launched into an explanation as
to how I should know that wasn't true
and that he remembered now from talking
to friends who had been with him that
he'd never stayed overnight at the hotel
he just changed clothes there and went
to the Miss Universe pageant I don't
know where they knew this is true but
this is what he said and then went right
back without staying overnight and then
he said another reason you know it's not
true is I'm a germaphobe there's no way
I'd let people pee on each other around
me and that caught me so much by
surprise I actually let out an audible
laugh and because it was just one of
those I was startled by it
and today the germaphobe appeared are
claimed to reach over to move the dead
skin of a French money off of his
clothing so the germaphobe has some
inconsistencies it's true I mean
there's this weird also over denial to
it of course I never even slept there
and he's the one who keeps bringing it
up in that hole and that whole dinner
with Comey he brings it up maybe three
or four times back to it there's some
kind of strange obsessive thing going on
there no contest for me Donald Trump vs.
Thomas Roberts on credibility a night
spent in Moscow I'm with Thomas Roberts
Harry Lippmann thank you very much for
having us really appreciated hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
